<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>w58363e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

================================================================================


                                    FORM 10-K


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                            WASHINGTON, D. C., 20549

                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF
                   THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the
                       fiscal year ended December 31, 2001

                         Commission file number 0-20713

                                 ENTREMED, INC.
                                 --------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>
                Delaware                                                           58-1959440
--------------------------------------------                           -----------------------------------
          (State of Incorporation)                                     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

9640 Medical Center Drive, Rockville, MD                                                20850
-----------------------------------------                                               -----
     (Address of principal executive offices)                                        (Zip Code)
</TABLE>

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:   (301) 217-9858
---------------------------------------------------

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act:

                                      Title
                                      -----
                     Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes  X  No
    ---    ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [x]

As of March 7, 2002, 21,922,860 shares of common stock were outstanding and the
aggregate market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates was
approximately $158,940,735.

                       Documents incorporated by reference

See Part III hereof with respect to incorporation by reference from the
registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Exhibit Index hereto.

================================================================================

<PAGE>

                                 ENTREMED, INC.
                 FORM 10-K - FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

Contents and Cross Reference Sheet

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     Form 10-K         Form 10-K                                                                        Form 10-K
     Part No.         Item No.                           Description                                     Page No.
   ------------     ------------                         -----------                                   -----------
<S>                       <C>           <C>                                                            <C>
        I                 1             Business............................................................3

                          2             Properties.........................................................29

                          3             Legal Proceedings..................................................29

                          4             Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders................29

       II                 5             Market for Registrant's Common Equity and
                                        Related Stockholder Matters........................................30

                          6             Selected Financial Data............................................31

                          7             Management's Discussion and Analysis of
                                        Financial Condition and Results of Operation.......................32

                        7(a)            Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
                                        About Market Risk..................................................37

                          8             Financial Statements and Supplementary Data........................37

                          9             Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
                                        on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.............................37

       III             10 - 13          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Proxy Statement.......37

       IV                14             Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports
                                        on Form 8-K........................................................38


Signatures.................................................................................................42
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements..................................................................F-0
</TABLE>

                SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

        This report contains and incorporates by reference certain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements may be identified by
forward-looking words such as "may," "will," "expect," "anticipate" or similar
words. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements
regarding our business strategy, the timing of our clinical trials and the
expected increases in our expenses.

        Our forward-looking statements are based on information available to us
today, and we will not update these statements. Our actual results may differ
significantly from those discussed in our forward-looking statements due to,
among other factors, our history of operating losses and anticipation of future
losses; the value of our common stock; uncertainties relating to our
technological approach; uncertainty of our product candidate development; our
need for additional capital and uncertainty of additional funding; our
dependence on collaborators and licensees; intense competition and rapid
technological change in the biopharmaceutical industry; uncertainties relating
to our patent and proprietary rights; uncertainties relating to clinical trials;
government regulation and uncertainties of obtaining regulatory approval on a
timely basis or at all; our dependence on key personnel, research collaborators
and scientific advisors; uncertainties relating to health care reform measures
and third-party reimbursement; risks associated with product liability; and
other factors discussed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. You are encouraged to review the risk factors included in this
report.

                                       2
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.         BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

        EntreMed, Inc., The Angiogenesis Company(TM), is a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company developing angiogenic therapeutics that inhibit
abnormal blood vessel growth associated with a broad range of diseases such as
cancer, blindness and psoriasis. Our strategy is to accelerate development of
our angiogenesis expertise directly for applications in cancer and to seek to
join commercially with partners for other applications through collaborations
and sponsored research programs with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies,
universities and government laboratories. Currently, EntreMed has three product
candidates - Endostatin, Panzem(TM) and Angiostatin - in clinical trials and a
pipeline of new proteins, small molecules, vaccines and genes-based medicines in
development.


        We believe that our product candidates, targeted to inhibit the abnormal
growth of blood vessels, may prove effective in treating certain cancers and a
broad range of other diseases. To date, however, we have not conducted clinical
trials in diseases outside of oncology. In the case of cancer, our core focus,
we believe that our angiogenesis inhibitor product candidates may have
significant advantages over traditional cancer therapies, including a reduced
likelihood of resistance, fewer side effects and the ability to be
self-administered and administered in conjunction with other angiogenic
inhibitors and/or traditional therapies.

        Our business objective and strategy is to accelerate the development of
our angiogenic inhibitor product candidates and future technologies with
clinical and commercial potential by:

        -       focusing our resources on the clinical development of our drug
                candidates for the treatment of cancer;

        -       broadening our product and technology portfolio through internal
                discovery and sponsored research collaborations with academic
                institutions, federal agencies and private enterprises; and

        -       leveraging our scientific expertise in angiogenesis with
                oncology and non-oncology strategic partnerships and
                collaborations to minimize clinical trial and manufacturing
                costs, create additional revenues, and accelerate product
                commercialization.

ANGIOGENESIS

        Within the human body, a network of arteries, capillaries and veins,
known as the vasculature, functions to transport blood throughout the tissues.
The basic network of the vasculature is developed through angiogenesis, a
fundamental process by which new blood vessels are formed.

        Typically, angiogenesis involves the growth of tiny blood vessels,
called capillaries, which extend from an existing blood vessel into the body's
tissues to provide nutrients and to remove waste products. In humans,
angiogenesis is essential during the first three months of embryonic
development, where cytokines and growth factors, which are normally suppressed
in adults, are activated to stimulate the growth of new blood vessels required
to form organs and limbs in the developing fetus. In addition, during adulthood,
angiogenesis occurs as a normal physiological process in menstrual cycling,
fetal development and wound healing.

                                       3
<PAGE>

        Angiogenesis also occurs during disease states, as in the case of cancer
(where the growth of new blood vessels is necessary to sustain tumor growth),
certain types of blindness (where the newly formed blood vessels block vision)
and psoriasis (where there is excessive skin angiogenesis). We believe that
angiogenesis inhibitors may have significant advantages over traditional
therapies for these indications.

OUR ANGIOGENESIS APPROACH

        We believe our scientific approach provides for expertise in the science
of angiogenesis. While a number of companies are now developing angiogenesis
inhibitors, these compounds target various early steps in the series of events
needed to form a new blood vessel that may provide targets that are too broad or
too specific to achieve therapeutic advantage.

        We believe our compounds target or turn-off the angiogenesis cascade at
the most effective point - endothelial cell proliferation and migration that is
only associated with angiogenesis involved in the diseases. Compounds that
target mechanisms prior to this signature event -- interfering with single
growth factors or their receptors, for instance -- may not be specific enough to
be effective and have shown early signs of toxicity, side effects or drug
resistance. There are 19 known angiogenic factors and, as tumors progress, they
express an increasing number of them, making, in our view, single growth
factor strategies subject to drug resistance. Compounds targeting the steps that
follow endothelial cell proliferation and migration -- adhesion molecules or
smooth muscles, for example -- occur too late in the process and may not be
effective. We believe endothelial cell proliferation and migration is the key
step in the process of angiogenesis and will prove to be the most effective and
safest approach to target, with the least negative effect on the body's natural
processes, and with reduced likelihood of drug resistance.

OUR PIPELINE

        Targeting the endothelial cells involved in disease is the focus of
our drug pipeline. Unlike many companies that concentrate on a single class of
drugs, our pipeline covers four drug classes, with the single scientific focus
of angiogenesis. Our drug candidate classes include proteins, small molecules,
vaccines and gene-based medicines. We believe these classes give us a range of
potential therapeutic opportunities that further enable us to research numerous
drug delivery technologies that can deliver a drug systemically or locally.

                                       4
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         DISCOVERY   PRECLINICAL   PHASE I  PHASE II
<S>                      <C>         <C>           <C>      <C>
SMALL MOLECULES

 THALIDOMIDE                        PRODUCT ON THE MARKET

 PANZEM(TM)                  X            X           X         X

 THALIDOMIDE ANALOGS         X            X
 ENMD-0995 & ENMD-0997       X            X

 PANZEM(TM) ANALOGS          X

PROTEINS

 ENDOSTATIN                  X            X           X         X

 ANGIOSTATIN                 X            X           X

 METASTATIN                  X

 TFPI                        X

 PSA                         X

 HGF                         X

 SERPINS                     X

VACCINES

 GROWTH FACTOR VACCINE       X            X

GENE-BASED MEDICINES

 ENDOSTATIN GENE             X

 ANGIOSTATIN GENE            X

 PSA GENE                    X
</TABLE>

CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY

        We believe that the abnormal growth of new blood vessels plays a key
role in approximately 80 diseases in fields of medicine including oncology,
ophthalmology, dermatology, inflammation, women's health, and cardiovascular and
bone diseases. Over the last few years, the critical role of angiogenesis in
these diseases has been reinforced in scientific publications reporting a direct
link between the abnormal growth of blood vessels and disease progression. The
role of angiogenesis in cancer has been the most heavily studied in the past,
but scientists are examining angiogenesis in other fields of medicine.

        Oncology is our core business franchise. We are pursuing our own
commercial developments as well as corporate alliances and partnerships in
oncology. While we intend to continue to focus our clinical program in oncology,
our angiogenesis research and expertise may be applied to additional fields of
medicine. Based on our research, we have implemented a corporate development
strategy that targets opportunities in six fields of medicine characterized by
angiogenesis mediated diseases or disorders: ophthalmology, dermatology,
inflammation, women's health, and cardiovascular and bone diseases. We believe
we can leverage our research findings in oncology to these other six fields. As
such, we are seeking relationships with pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies with an established position in these six non-oncology markets. By
establishing relationships outside of oncology with companies that are experts
in these areas, we believe we can create additional revenues to support our
oncology program.

        We recently have entered into a five-year strategic alliance with
Allergan Sales, Inc., a leader in ophthalmic research and development and
pharmaceutical products, to develop and commercialize small molecule angiogenic
inhibitors for the treatment and prevention of diseases and conditions of the
eye. Panzem(TM) is the first small molecule to be licensed, developed and
marketed under this agreement. Allergan and EntreMed will co-develop Panzem(TM)
to treat age-related macular degeneration (ARMD), a leading cause of blindness
that is the result of bleeding from ruptured new blood vessels that form under
the retina. Under the terms of the agreement, Allergan will receive an exclusive
worldwide license to commercialize Panzem(TM) for ophthalmologic uses with local
delivery to the eye. We retain all rights to Panzem(TM) for uses outside
ophthalmology. If Allergan chooses to develop any of our other molecules, we may
receive additional payments.

                                       5
<PAGE>

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

        In addition to our alliance with Allergan, we continue to explore other
opportunities for corporate alliances and partnerships to help us develop,
manufacture, commercialize and/or market our product candidates. Our
collaborators are generally expected to assist with funding or reimbursing all
or a portion of the development costs, including the costs of clinical testing
necessary to obtain regulatory clearances and for commercial scale
manufacturing, in exchange for exclusive or semi-exclusive rights to market
specific products in particular geographic territories. We may, however,
consider marketing certain products directly and co-promoting certain products
if we believe it is appropriate.

        We presently have an exclusive license to Endostatin, Panzem(TM) (with
the exception of ophthalmology), Angiostatin and thalidomide analogs.
Additionally, we have entered into an agreement with the National Cancer
Institute for the preclinical and clinical development of Endostatin and
Panzem(TM). We also have an agreement with the National Eye Institute for
preclinical and clinical development of Panzem(TM). These agreements provide
useful support for our programs while preserving our opportunities for
commercialization, either alone or with a corporate partner.

CLINICAL DRUG CANDIDATES

        Our three drug candidates are or have been in 16 clinical trials in the
United States and Europe. A chart summarizing the clinical status, followed by
an overview of the discovery, preclinical work and clinical status, of each drug
candidate is provided below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
PRODUCT
CANDIDATE          CLINICAL SITE LOCATION                          INDICATION                      PHASE     STATUS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>                                             <C>                             <C>       <C>
Angiostatin        Thomas Jefferson Univ., Philadelphia, PA,       Solid tumors/No central         I         Complete
                                                                   nervous system tumors (CNS)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Angiostatin        Thomas Jefferson Univ., Philadelphia, PA,       Solid tumors/No CNS,            I         Enrolling
                                                                   combin. w/ radiation therapy
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Angiostatin        Univ. Medical Center, Utrecht, Netherlands      Solid tumors                    I         Ongoing,
                                                                                                             enrollment closed
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Endostatin         Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA        Solid tumors/No CNS             I         Ongoing,
                                                                                                             enrollment closed
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Endostatin         Free Univ., Amsterdam, Netherlands              Solid tumors/No CNS             I         Ongoing,
                                                                                                             enrollment closed
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Endostatin*        MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX          Solid tumors/No CNS             I         Complete

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Endostatin*        Univ. of Wisconsin, Madison, WI                 Solid tumors/No CNS             I         Complete

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Endostatin         MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX          Emphasis on sarcoma             I/II      Enrolling
                                                                   and melanoma
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Endostatin         Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA        Neuroendocrine                  II        Enrolling

                   Univ. of California, San Francisco, CA          Neuroendocrine                  II        Enrolling
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       6
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                <C>                                             <C>                             <C>       <C>
Panzem (TM)        Indiana Univ. Cancer Center, Indianapolis, IN   Metastatic breast cancer        I         Ongoing,
                                                                                                             enrollment closed
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Panzem (TM)        Indiana Univ. Cancer Center, Indianapolis, IN   Metastatic breast cancer,       I         Ongoing,
                                                                   combin. w/ Taxotere(R)                    enrollment closed

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Panzem* (TM)       National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD         Advanced solid tumors           I         Enrolling
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Panzem* (TM)       Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN                      Advanced solid tumors           I         Enrolling
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Panzem (TM)        Univ. of Wisconsin, Madison, WI                 Prostate Cancer                 II        Ongoing,
                                                                                                             enrollment closed

                   Indiana Univ. Cancer Center, Indianapolis, IN   Prostate Cancer                 II        Ongoing,
                                                                                                             enrollment closed

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Panzem (TM)        Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN                      Multiple Myeloma                II        Enrolling
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Panzem (TM)        Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA        Multiple Myeloma                II        Enrolling
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

*NCI-sponsored trial. EntreMed provides only the drug candidate for this trial.


     Our Phase I clinical trials for Endostatin and Angiostatin focused on
establishing safety profiles by administering the proteins via intravenous
bolus. Based on these clinical data, and additional preclinical data, we
explored other routes of administration. Our Phase II Clinical trials now use
self-administration of Endostatin and Angiostatin by subcutaneous injection.


ENDOSTATIN

        Discovery

        In 1996, Drs. Judah Folkman and Michael O'Reilly, researchers at
Children's Hospital, Boston, isolated and identified Endostatin. As part of
EntreMed's sponsored research program with Children's Hospital, we licensed
Endostatin in December 1996.

        Preclinical

        In preclinical studies, Endostatin has been shown to reduce the size of
primary mouse cancers, including mouse models of Lewis lung, melanoma and rat
glioma, as well as human prostate, breast and colon cancer grown in
immunodeficient mice. Additional preclinical studies demonstrated that mouse and
human sequences of Endostatin inhibited the growth of metastatic tumors. We
emphasize, however, that mouse versions of Endostatin are not the same as human
versions of this protein.

        By the end of 2001, over 250 published abstracts and peer reviewed
articles had highlighted the angiogenic inhibitor effects of Endostatin in all
forms in various preclinical experiments, most of which were conducted by
researchers independent of us.

                                       7
<PAGE>

        Clinical

        In July 1999, the FDA allowed our Investigational New Drug (IND)
application for the human testing of recombinant human Endostatin, and we began
Phase I human clinical trials in October 1999.

        In August 2001, Endostatin received orphan drug status from the Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with neuroendocrine
tumors. In February 2002, Endostatin received orphan drug status from the Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with malignant
metastatic melanoma. Please refer to "Government Regulation" for further
details.

        Endostatin is currently in four trials at five sites. The National
Cancer Institute sponsored two additional Endostatin clinical trials that were
completed in 2001. During 2001, our clinical investigators presented data on
Endostatin Phase I trials at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual
Meeting and the American Association for Cancer Research, National Cancer
Institute and European Organization for Research and the Treatment of Cancer
Annual Symposium. These Phase I studies, designed to test the drug's safety, are
conducted with groups of patients who no longer respond to conventional therapy
and have advanced, progressive cancer. An overview of the status of the Phase I
and Phase II programs appears below.

ENDOSTATIN PHASE I PROGRAM:

        -       2 National Cancer Institute sponsored trials completed ( M.D.
                Anderson Cancer Center and University of Wisconsin) for solid
                tumors

        -       2 trials ongoing (Dana-Farber/Partners CancerCare, and Free
                University in Amsterdam)

        -       Solid tumors

        -       Multiple routes of administration: intravenous bolus, continuous
                infusion and subcutaneous injection

        -       Linear relationship between dose and blood levels when
                administered by intravenous bolus, continuous infusion and
                subcutaneous injection

        -       Decreased endothelial progenitor cells, decreased tumor blood
                flow, decreased tumor metabolism, induced cell death

ENDOSTATIN CURRENT PHASE II PROGRAM:

        -       Phase II for neuroendocrine tumors at Dana-Farber/Partners
                CancerCare and University of California at San Francisco

        -       Phase I/II emphasis on sarcoma and melanoma at MD Anderson
                Cancer Center

        -       Phase II dose determined by preclinical modeling and Phase I
                results to target specific Endostatin levels

        -       Improved formulation allows subcutaneous administration of Phase
                II doses

        -       Development of endothelial progenitor cell assay for potential
                marker of Endostatin activity

PANZEM(TM)

        Discovery

        Panzem(TM) (the small molecule 2ME2) is an orally active, small
molecular weight inhibitor of angiogenesis that also has demonstrated
antiproliferative properties in preclinical models. Dr. Robert D'Amato first
recognized the antiangiogenic properties of Panzem(TM) while working in Dr.
Judah Folkman's laboratory at Children's Hospital, Boston. We licensed this
natural estrogen metabolite from Children's Hospital in December 1996 as part of
our sponsored research agreement with them.

                                       8
<PAGE>

        Preclinical

        In preclinical studies, we, and others, have demonstrated that breast
cancer cells are extremely sensitive to Panzem(TM), even those cells that
already have developed resistance to established drugs like Tamoxifen and Taxol.
Panzem(TM) has been shown to inhibit the growth of human breast tumor cells in
animal models and to produce a sharp decrease in the blood vessel density
associated with tumors while exhibiting minimal toxicity. Additionally,
Panzem(TM) has demonstrated effectiveness in animal models of glioblastoma,
melanoma, Lewis lung and sarcoma. Studies by the National Eye Institute have
demonstrated that ocular implants of Panzem(TM) may inhibit neovascularization
in preclinical models of age-related macular degeneration. This has lead, in
part, to our strategic relationship with Allergan. Please refer to "Corporative
Development" and "Collaborations" for further details.

        By the end of 2001, over 130 published abstracts and peer reviewed
articles had highlighted the angiogenic inhibitor effects of Panzem(TM) (2ME2)
in various preclinical experiments, most of which were conducted by researchers
independent of EntreMed.

        Clinical

        In February 2000, the FDA allowed our Investigational New Drug (IND)
application for the human testing of Panzem(TM) and we began Phase I human
clinical trials in March 2000.

        In August 2001, Panzem(TM) received orphan drug status from the Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma.
Please refer to "Government Regulation" for further details.

        Panzem(TM) is currently in four trials at five clinical sites. The
National Cancer Institute is sponsoring two additional trials. During 2001, our
clinical investigators presented data on Panzem(TM) Phase I trials at the
American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting and the American
Association for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute and European
Organization for Research and the Treatment of Cancer Annual Symposium. These
Phase I studies, designed to test the drug's safety, are conducted with groups
of patients who no longer respond to conventional therapy and have advanced,
progressive cancer. Panzem is being tested as a single agent and in combination
with Taxotere(R), a cytotoxic, or cell-killing, chemotherapy agent. An overview
of the status of the Phase I and Phase II programs appears below.

PANZEM(TM) PHASE I PROGRAM:

        -       2 National Cancer Institute sponsored trials ongoing (Mayo
                Clinic and National Cancer Institute) for advanced solid tumors

        -       2 trials ongoing (Indiana University, Indianapolis)

        -       Metastatic Breast Cancer

        -       One trial as single agent and one trial in combination with
                Taxotere(R)

        -       Daily oral dosing

        -       Additional trials will test newly reformulated Panzem(TM) for
                increased bioavailability

PANZEM(TM) CURRENT PHASE II PROGRAM:

        -       2 trials ongoing at 4 sites: (Mayo Clinic, Dana-Farber/Partners
                CancerCare, Indiana University, University of Wisconsin)

        -       Multiple myeloma and hormone refractory prostate cancer

        -       Single agent

        -       Daily oral dosing

                                       9
<PAGE>
ANGIOSTATIN

        Discovery

        In May 1994, we licensed Angiostatin from Children's Hospital, Boston,
as part of our sponsored research agreement with them. Drs. Michael O'Reilly and
Judah Folkman first identified a substance associated with primary tumors that
appeared to prevent vascularization and the growth of metastatic tumors. The
Children's Hospital team isolated and identified this protein in 1995, which
they named Angiostatin. EntreMed scientist first cloned and expressed
Angiostatin.

        Preclinical

        In preclinical studies, mouse Angiostatin inhibited the growth of human
breast cancer, colon cancer and prostate cancer in immunodeficient mice. There
is evidence that Angiostatin regressed cancerous tumors in mice to a dormant
state through the inhibition of angiogenesis. In other preclinical studies, mice
with melanoma were treated with recombinant human Angiostatin; upon examination
it was observed that the number of lung metastases decreased when compared to
controls.

        By the end of 2001, approximately 275 published abstracts and peer
reviewed articles had highlighted the antiangiogenic effects of Angiostatin in
all forms in various preclinical experiments, most of which were conducted by
researchers independent of EntreMed.

        Clinical

        In January 2000, the FDA allowed our Investigational New Drug (IND)
application for the human testing of recombinant human Angiostatin and we began
Phase I human clinical trials in April 2000.

        Angiostatin is currently in thee trials at two clinical sites. During
2001, our clinical investigators presented data on Angiostatin Phase I trials at
the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting and the American
Association for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute and European
Organization for Research and the Treatment of Cancer Annual Symposium. These
Phase I studies, designed to test the drug's safety, are conducted with groups
of patients who no longer respond to conventional therapy and have advanced,
progressive cancer. Angiostatin is being tested as a single agent and in
combination with radiotherapy. An overview of the status of the Phase I program
appears below.

ANGIOSTATIN PHASE I PROGRAM:

        -       3 trials ongoing (Thomas Jefferson University (2 trials) and
                University of Utrecht in the Netherlands)

        -       Two trials as single agent and one trial in combination with
                radiation

        -       Multiple routes of administration: intravenous bolus and
                subcutaneous injection

        -       Linear relationship between dose and blood levels by intravenous
                bolus

THALIDOMIDE

        Dr. Robert D'Amato of Children's Medical Center Corporation (CMCC) in
Boston filed a U.S. patent application on the use of thalidomide for treatment
of angiogenesis-mediated diseases, including cancer, in 1993. EntreMed licensed
the use of Thalidomide for cancer and other antiangiogenic mediated diseases
from CMCC in 1994, and together with the National Cancer Institute, conducted
four Phase II clinical trials and secured two orphan drug indications for the
use of thalidomide in certain cancers.

        In December 1998, EntreMed sublicensed CMCC's patents, together with
EntreMed's clinical trial program and orphan drug designations covering the use
of Thalidomide for the treatment of angiogenesis-related diseases, to Celgene
Corporation. Under the terms of that sublicensing agreement, EntreMed has
collected royalties from Celgene on sales of THALOMID(R), regardless of
indication. As reported by Celgene on February 1st, 2001, fiscal year 2000 sales
of THALOMID(R) were approximately $62.02 million, and EntreMed received $3.46
million in royalty payments.

                                       10
<PAGE>

        In August 2001 we sold our rights to future royalties from the sales of
thalidomide (THALOMID(R)). EntreMed received $24.3 million from Royalty Pharma
AG, a Swiss stock corporation, and may receive an additional $3 million if
certain sales milestones are achieved. Furthermore, if total and annual sales
exceed established thresholds, EntreMed would receive from Royalty Pharma AG a
share of certain royalty payments. The transaction did not require EntreMed to
make thalidomide royalty payments to CMCC from the $24.3 million, or from any
additional royalties received from Royalty Pharma AG upon achievement of certain
sales milestones.

DISCOVERY & PRECLINICAL PROGRAM

        We continue to develop a leading role in the field of angiogenesis
research. Our scientists are exploring the complex events associated with
angiogenesis at both the cellular and molecular levels. This research, as well
as research performed through our collaborations with investigators at
prestigious institutions, has resulted in the identification of a number of new
molecules that are currently under evaluation as potential product candidates.

        These include small molecular weight inhibitors of angiogenesis such as
analogs of thalidomide (ENMD 0995 and ENMD 0997) and Panzem(TM). In addition,
other proteins such as Metastatin and PSA have demonstrated potent
antiangiogenic activity. Our scientists also are working with Tissue Factor
Pathway Inhibitor, or TFPI, a natural inhibitor of clotting that also shows
antitumor activity. We have identified a mechanism underlying these effects and
will seek additional compounds with similar activity. Research efforts with
vaccines directed against peptides of angiogenic growth factor FGF-2 also have
shown inhibition of metastatic disease in animal models. Research initiatives
include the development of a novel malaria vaccine that is presently in
preclinical development (in our role as a subcontractor for a federal malaria
vaccine initiative) and the cell permeation technology for blood cell delivery
of therapeutic agents under development by our subsidiary, MaxCyte, Inc. We have
filed patent applications in the United States and foreign countries on these
discoveries. Please refer to "Patents, License and Proprietary Rights" for
further details.

MAXCYTE, INC.

        We formed a subsidiary, MaxCyte, Inc. (formerly known as TheraMed,
Inc.), to pursue the research, development and commercialization of our blood
cell permeation technology. This technology allows us to deliver drugs, genes or
other therapeutic agents that otherwise would not readily permeate the cell
membrane into blood cells while retaining the blood cell's natural functions.
MaxCyte's focus spans the development of precision-controlled cell loading
capabilities enabling the rapid modification of a wide variety of human primary
cells. These cells can be loaded with virtually any molecule including drugs,
proteins, gene constructs, or gene fragments. The continuous flow system unique
to MaxCyte's prototype clinical instrument and related technologies are
protected by 4 U.S. patents issued, with over 30 U.S. and international patents
pending.

        MaxCyte is focused in two areas: (1) non-viral high-throughput gene
delivery to enable and advance the efforts of companies developing cell and
gene-based therapeutics, and (2) targeted drug delivery opportunities addressing
ischemic diseases and using platelets as envoy cells for infectious diseases and
cancer. Our product candidate for targeting ischemic diseases, ErythroMax(TM)
(which modifies red blood cells to enhance oxygen delivery), is in a Phase I
clinical trial at the University of Cincinnati. We believe the technology is of
major importance to the facilitation of the emerging field of cell and
gene-based therapeutics where previously toxicities have been associated with
the vector that introduces the gene into cells. The MaxCyte system avoids these
toxicities and provides a platform for efficient, safe and economically
advantageous gene transfer.

                                       11
<PAGE>

CONTRACT MANUFACTURING

        The manufacturing efforts for the production of EntreMed's clinical
trial materials and large-scale development projects are performed by contract
manufacturing organizations. Established relationships coupled with supply
agreements have secured the necessary resources to ensure adequate supply of
clinical materials to support our clinical development program. We believe that
our current strategy of outsourcing manufacturing is cost-effective and allows
for the flexibility we require.

        Chiron Corporation

        We completed negotiations with Chiron Corporation for technology
transfer, scale-up and contract manufacture of recombinant human Endostatin in
2000 using the Pichia pastoris yeast expression system. The manufacturing
services agreement between EntreMed and Chiron was amended to launch a series of
major production campaigns through the fall of 2001. Chiron's manufacturing
efforts will significantly augment those initially undertaken by Diosynth, and
we believe will help to ensure that a sufficient quantity of Endostatin is
available for our expanding clinical trials.

        Diosynth, Inc.

        Diosynth, Inc. (formerly Covance) has manufactured recombinant human
Angiostatin protein using a manufacturing process developed by EntreMed. The
process relies on the Pichia pastoris yeast expression system. Utilizing the
manufacturing process developed by EntreMed, Diosynth has completed scale-up and
production of Angiostatin in sufficient quantities for our current clinical
plans.

        Tetrionics, Inc.

        In 2001, Panzem(TM) was manufactured by Tetrionics, Inc. and was
encapsulated for oral use at the University of Iowa. Currently, Panzem(TM) is
manufactured by Akzo Nobel. University of Iowa continues to encapsulate.

COLLABORATIVE RELATIONSHIPS

        EntreMed leverages its growth and drug development through strategic
partnerships and collaborations with research centers of excellence, academic
institutions, federal agencies, and corporations. Significant relationships are
listed below.

        CORPORATE RELATIONSHIPS

        Allergan

        In January 2002, we entered into a five-year strategic alliance with
Allergan to develop small molecules for ophthalmic uses with local delivery to
the eye. The first candidate to be developed is Panzem(TM) for treatment of
age-related macular degeneration. See "Corporate Development" for further
information.

                                       12
<PAGE>

        Aventis

        Aventis has committed to a grant-in-aid with us that allows for
exploration of Panzem used in combination with Taxotere in patients with
prostate cancer.

        Calbiochem

        Since 1999, Calbiochem has been selling research-grade human Endostatin
and Angiostatin for non-commercial research purposes. Royalties on sales provide
minimal revenues.

        Cell Genesys

        In August 1999, we entered into a research collaboration to evaluate the
use of certain viral vectors for gene delivery of Endostatin and Angiostatin in
animal models with tumors.

        CytImmune Sciences

        Since 1997, we have worked with CytImmune to develop an assay kit for
measuring human Endostatin. Sales from this kit provide minimal revenues, while
expanding our clinical development of Endostatin.

        Royalty Pharma AG

        In August 2001, EntreMed sold the royalty stream of Thalomid(TM), while
retaining rights to potential future revenues.

        SPONSORED RESEARCH PROGRAMS

        Under the terms of our sponsored research agreements, we have the option
to license the technology discovered under certain projects being conducted in
the laboratory of the scientists listed below. Any license obtained under the
sponsored research agreement survives after the sponsored research agreement
ends. The funds received in accordance with these agreements partially support a
scientist's laboratory, research personnel, and research supplies.

        Children's Hospital, Boston

        Since 1993, EntreMed has sponsored research at Children's Hospital,
Boston. In 2001, we had collaborative research agreements with three scientists
at Children's Hospital.

        In September 2001, we signed a one-year renewal of our agreement to
support the research of Dr. Judah Folkman, a pioneer in the field of
angiogenesis. Through this agreement, originally executed in 1993, we have
sustained a strong, valuable scientific collaboration with Dr. Judah Folkman,
and have obtained exclusive worldwide rights to novel angiogenesis inhibitors,
including Endostatin, Panzem(TM) and Angiostatin. Dr. Folkman has no personal
financial relationship with EntreMed, owns no shares of the Company, and
receives no direct compensation from the collaboration.

        In October 1999, we entered into a three-year sponsored research
agreement with Children's Hospital to fund Dr. Robert D'Amato's research. Dr.
D'Amato will continue research on thalidomide analogs, Panzem(TM) analogs and
new compounds that may have antiangiogenic activity.

        In January 2000, we entered into a two-year sponsored research agreement
with Children's Hospital to fund Dr. Karen Moulton's research. Dr. Moulton
researches the relationship between angiogenesis inhibitors, such as Endostatin,
and the reduction of coronary artery plaques.

                                       13
<PAGE>

        Harvard Medical School

        In July 2001, we renewed a sponsored research program with Harvard
Medical School to fund Dr. Bjorn Olsen's research for an additional three years.
Our collaboration with Dr. Olsen began in January 1998. Dr. Olsen researches the
mechanism by which fragments of collagen inhibit angiogenesis.

COLLABORATIVE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS (CRADAS)

        National Cancer Institute

        We have three CRADAs with the National Cancer Institute as described
below.

        -       "Preclinical and Clinical Development of Endostatin" - Expires
                 August 2003.

        -       "Preclinical and Clinical Development of 2ME2 (Panzem(TM))" -
                Expires April 2003.

        -       "Rational Design of HGF (Hepatocyte Growth Factor) Agonists and
                Antagonists" - Expires June 2004.

        National Eye Institute

        We have one CRADA with the National Eye Institute (NEI) as described
below. NEI has demonstrated that ocular implants of Panzem(TM) may inhibit
neovascularization in preclinical models of age-related macular degeneration.

        -       "2ME2 (Panzem(TM)) Implant Development and Efficacy Assessment
                in Animals" - Expires June 2003.

        United States Naval Medical Research Center

        We have a CRADA with the Navy expiring in May 2002 for the development
of Erythrocyte Binding Antigen 175 (EBA175 - a protein that is expressed by the
malaria parasite to enable its invasion of the red blood cell) as a malaria
vaccine candidate. Dr. Kim Lee Sim, our Vice President for Preclinical Research
and Development, first discovered EBA175 and its role in malaria infection while
working at the NIH. We have been developing a vaccine against EBA175 and in
1998, we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license for this technology from the
NIH.

        GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

        In November 2000, we were selected by the National Institutes of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases as a subcontractor to assist with developing a malaria
vaccine. This contract provides minimal revenues.

                                       14
<PAGE>

        SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR) GRANT

        Since 1994, we have received financial support for development of our
malaria vaccine through the SBIR grant program, which provides most of the
funding for this program.

        CLINICAL TRIAL CENTERS

        We have clinical trials at the following centers.

        Dana-Farber Cancer Institute
        Free University, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
        Indiana University Cancer Center
        Mayo Clinic
        MD Anderson Cancer Center
        Thomas Jefferson University Hospital
        University of Cincinnati (Maxcyte)
        University Medical Center, Utrecht, The Netherlands
        University of California, San Francisco
        University of Wisconsin

PATENTS, LICENSES AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

        Our success will depend in part on our ability to obtain patent
protection for our products, both in the United States and abroad. The patent
position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, in general, is highly
uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions.

        To date, we own or have licensed on an exclusive basis a total of 105
patent applications and issued patents in the United States for our product
candidates of which we own 42 and we license on an exclusive basis 63. We have a
total of 234 patent applications pending in the United States and other
countries.

        We have exclusively licensed from Children's Hospital, Boston, 13
pending United States patent applications and three issued patents covering
Endostatin, fragments of Endostatin, nucleic acid coding for Endostatin, the use
of Endostatin as a therapeutic agent, and the use of Endostatin as a diagnostic
agent. The patent applications also cover the combination of Endostatin and
other chemotherapeutic agents, such as Angiostatin, as a therapeutic
composition. We have a United States patent application directed to the
production of Endostatin.

        We have licensed exclusively from Children's Hospital, Boston, three
pending United States patent applications and nine issued patents covering
Angiostatin, nucleic acid coding for Angiostatin, the use of Angiostatin as a
therapeutic agent and the use of Angiostatin as a diagnostic agent. We also have
two United States patent applications directed to peptides and proteins that
bind specifically to Angiostatin. We have a United States patent application
directed to the production of Angiostatin.

        In addition, we have exclusively licensed technology from Children's
Hospital, Boston, which covers the use of steroid-derived small molecular weight
compounds such as Panzem(TM) that are antimitotic agents and antiangiogenic
compounds. A patent application has been filed covering purified Panzem(TM) as a
composition of matter. There are ten pending United States patent applications
and five issued United States patents covering this technology. Patent
applications also cover estrogen-related compounds with anti-fungal activity and
antiplaque activities in atherosclerosis.

        We also have an exclusive, worldwide license from Children's Hospital,
Boston, which includes 18 pending United States patent applications and four
issued patents covering the thalidomide molecule and thalidomide analogs as
antiangiogenic agents for the treatment of a wide variety of diseases that are
caused by abnormal angiogenesis. These patent applications also include
composition of matter coverage for certain thalidomide analogs. Composition of
matter patent protection is not available for the molecule thalidomide. We are
aware of several other issued patents covering certain non-antiangiogenic uses
of thalidomide.

                                       15
<PAGE>

        Although we believe that the claims in such patents will not interfere
with our proposed uses of thalidomide, there can be no assurance that the
holders of such patents will not be able to exclude us from using thalidomide
for other non-antiangiogenic uses of thalidomide. We have entered into a license
agreement with Celgene under which we licensed to Celgene the use of thalidomide
for treatment of antiangiogenic-mediated diseases. The Celgene-licensed patents
were specifically limited to thalidomide and intentionally did not include
analogs of thalidomide.

        The terms of the licenses for Panzem(TM), Angiostatin, Endostatin and
Thalidomide extend until the underlying patents expire.

        Our subsidiary, MaxCyte, Inc., has seven United States patent
applications pending and four issued patents covering our cell permeation
technology. One of these patents has been licensed from the Center for Blood
Research Laboratory. These patent applications and patents cover the overall
electroporation device, the electroporation chamber in the device and the
treatment of a wide variety of diseases using cells that have been treated in
the electroporation device.

        Patent applications corresponding to the above-described United States
patent applications have been filed in Europe, Japan, Canada, Australia, and
other selected countries.

        We have registered the trademarks ENTREMED and THE ANGIOGENESIS COMPANY
in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and have applied for registration of the
mark in selected foreign countries. We have filed for registration of the marks
VASCULOSTATIN, ENTREVEST, METASTATIN, METHOXOL, METHOXIN, APOTONIN, APOTOPIN,
PANZEM, VAREXIS and MERISIS in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

        Our development, manufacture, and potential sale of therapeutics are
subject to extensive regulation by United States and foreign governmental
authorities.

        Regulation of Pharmaceutical Products

        The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) may regulate our product
candidates currently being developed as drugs, biologics or in some cases, as
medical devices. New drugs and medical devices are subject to regulation under
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and biological products, in addition
to being subject to certain provisions of that Act, are regulated under the
Public Health Service Act. We believe that drug products developed by us or our
collaborators will be regulated either as biological products or as new drugs.
Both statutes and the regulations promulgated thereunder govern, among other
things, the testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record
keeping, advertising and other promotional practices involving biologics or new
drugs, as the case may be. FDA approval or other clearances must be obtained
before clinical testing, and before manufacturing and marketing of biologics
drugs and devices.

        Obtaining FDA approval has historically been a costly and time-consuming
process. Generally, in order to gain FDA premarket approval, a developer first
must conduct preclinical studies in the laboratory and in animal model systems
to gain preliminary information on an agent's effectiveness and to identify any
safety problems. The results of these studies are submitted as a part of an
investigational new drug (IND) application for a drug or biologic or an
investigational device exemption (IDE) for a device, which the FDA must review
before human clinical trials of an investigational drug or device can begin. The
IND or IDE includes a detailed description of the clinical investigations to be
undertaken.

        In order to commercialize any products, we or our collaborators must
sponsor and file an IND or, if applicable an IDE, and be responsible for
initiating and overseeing the clinical studies to demonstrate the safety,
effectiveness, and potency that are necessary to obtain FDA approval of any such
products. For INDs or IDEs sponsored by us or our collaborators, we or our
collaborators will be required to select qualified investigators (usually
physicians within medical institutions) to supervise the administration of the
products, and ensure that the investigations are conducted and monitored in
accordance with FDA regulations, including the general investigational plan and
protocols contained in the IND or IDE.

                                       16
<PAGE>

        Clinical trials of drugs or biologics are normally done in three phases,
although the phases may overlap. Phase I trials are concerned primarily with the
safety and preliminary effectiveness of the drug, involve a small group ranging
from 15 - 40 subjects, and may take from six months to over one year to
complete. Phase II trials normally involve 30 - 200 patients and are designed
primarily to demonstrate effectiveness in treating or diagnosing the disease or
condition for which the drug is intended, although short-term side effects and
risks in people whose health is impaired may also be examined. Phase III trials
are expanded clinical trials with larger numbers of patients which are intended
to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to gather
additional information for proper dosage and labeling of the drug. Phase III
clinical trials generally take two to five years to complete, but may take
longer. The FDA receives reports on the progress of each phase of clinical
testing, and it may require the modification, suspension, or termination of
clinical trials if it concludes that an unwarranted risk is presented to
patients, or, in Phase II and III, if it concludes that the study protocols are
deficient in design to meet their stated objectives.

        If clinical trials of a new product are completed successfully, the
sponsor of the product may seek FDA marketing approval. If the product is
regulated as a biologic, the FDA will require the submission and approval of a
Biologics License Application (BLA) before commercial marketing of the biologic.
If the product is classified as a new drug, an applicant must file a New Drug
Application (NDA) with the FDA and receive approval before commercial marketing
of the drug. If the product is classified as a medical device and it is not
substantially equivalent to a device already on the market, a premarket approval
application (PMA) must be submitted before marketing. The BLA, NDA, or PMA must
include detailed information about the product and its manufacture and the
results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials.

        The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort
and there can be no assurance that any approval will be granted on a timely
basis, if at all. BLAs, NDAs, and PMAs submitted to the FDA can take up to two
to five years to receive approval. If questions arise during the FDA review
process, approval can take more than five years. Notwithstanding the submission
of relevant data, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA, NDA or PMA does
not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval, require
additional clinical studies, or require demonstration of compliance with Good
Manufacturing Practices or GMP. In addition, the FDA may condition marketing
approval on the conduct of specific post-marketing studies to further evaluate
safety and effectiveness. Even if FDA regulatory clearances are obtained, a
marketed product is subject to continual regulatory requirements and review
relating to Good Manufacturing Practices, adverse event reporting, promotion and
advertising, and other matters, and later discovery of previously unknown
problems or failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may
result in restrictions on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the
product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions.

        Angiostatin and Endostatin, each a naturally occurring substance, are
considered biologics and will be regulated by the FDA's Center for Biologics
Evaluation and Research. As genetically engineered and endogenous proteins,
Angiostatin and Endostatin will face unique and specific regulation hurdles,
such as those related to the manufacture of the products and the behavior of the
products in the body. The regulatory requirements for recombinant proteins have
been developed for other endogenous molecules and Angiostatin and Endostatin are
expected to follow these established guidelines. Successful preclinical studies
and Phase I, II and III clinical trials will be necessary to form the basis for
a BLA. We have assumed primary responsibility, in collaboration with the NCI,
for conducting these studies and trials.

        Panzem(TM) and analogs of thalidomide may be regulated as new chemical
entities by the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. Generally, as new
chemical entities are discovered, formal IND-directed toxicology studies will be
required prior to human testing. The remainder of the developmental and
regulatory requirements will be similar to that of any new drug.

                                       17
<PAGE>

        MaxCyte's cell permeation technology, and specifically IHP-treated red
blood cells, will be regulated by the FDA's Center for Biologics Evaluation and
Research. In 1997, the FDA responded to a letter from us requesting a product
jurisdiction determination, designating the Center for Biologics Evaluation and
Research as the agency with primary jurisdiction for the premarket review and
regulation of the product. The product will be reviewed as a medical device
under the Premarket Application (PMA) provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act. Historically, the Office of Blood Research and Review in the
Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research has had the most expertise and
experience in regulating blood apheresis equipment and disposables associated
with the processing of human blood. Further development for MaxCyte's products
is expected to follow a similar path to that of any therapeutic biologic, with
successful completion of Phase I, Phase II and Phase III trials required to
precede the filing of a PMA. The collection of blood from patients, the handling
of blood cells and the reinfusion of cells is required to be done in compliance
with procedures used for blood component collection. That regulation is designed
to protect both donors and recipients of blood products and involves significant
record keeping and other burdens.

        Orphan Drug Status

        We have received and may request orphan drug status for several of our
product candidates under development. Orphan drug designation may be granted to
those products developed to treat diseases or conditions that affect fewer than
200,000 persons in the United States or that affect more than 200,000 persons in
the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost
of developing and making a drug in the United States for such disease or
condition will be recovered from sales in the United States of such drug. Under
the law, the developer of an orphan drug may be entitled to seven years of
market exclusivity following the approval of the product by the FDA, exemption
from user fee payments to the FDA and a tax credit for the amount of money spent
on human clinical trials. However, we must be the first to receive FDA marketing
approval to receive market exclusivity under the orphan drug statute should
there be a competitor with a similar molecular entity pursuing the same intended
clinical use. Although we may get market exclusivity under the Orphan Drug Act,
the FDA will allow the sale of a molecularly equivalent drug, which is
clinically superior to or a molecular entity different from another approved
orphan drug, although for the same indication, during the seven-year exclusive
marketing period. It is also possible that a competitor might try to undermine
any exclusivity provided by promoting a product for an off-label use that is the
otherwise protected product. We cannot be sure that any of our other product
candidates under development will ultimately receive orphan drug designation, or
that the benefits currently provided by this designation, if we were to receive
it, will not subsequently be amended or eliminated. Orphan drug designation does
not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review
and approval process.

        Other

        In addition to the foregoing, our business is and will be subject to
regulation under various state and federal environmental laws, including the
Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
and the Toxic Substance Control Act. These and other laws govern our use,
handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances
used in and wastes generated by our operations. We cannot predict whether state
or federal regulators and agencies will impose new regulatory restrictions on
the marketing of biotechnology products.

COMPETITION

        Competition in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries is intense and based significantly on scientific and technological
factors, the availability of patent and other protection for technology and
products, the ability and length of time required to obtain governmental
approval for testing, manufacturing and marketing and the ability to
commercialize products in a timely fashion. Moreover, the biopharmaceutical
industry is characterized by rapidly evolving technology that could result in
the technological obsolescence of any products that we develop.

                                       18
<PAGE>

        We compete with many specialized biopharmaceutical firms, as well as a
growing number of large pharmaceutical companies that are applying biotechnology
to their operations. Many biopharmaceutical companies have focused their
development efforts in the human therapeutics area, and many major
pharmaceutical companies have developed or acquired internal biotechnology
capabilities or made commercial arrangements with other biopharmaceutical
companies. These companies, as well as academic institutions, governmental
agencies and private research organizations, also compete with us in recruiting
and retaining highly qualified scientific personnel and consultants.

        Our competition will be determined in part by the potential indications
for which our product candidates may be developed and ultimately approved by
regulatory authorities. We may rely on third parties to commercialize our
products, and accordingly, the success of these products will depend in
significant part on these third parties' efforts and ability to compete in these
markets. The success of any collaboration will depend in part upon our
collaborative partners' own competitive, marketing and strategic considerations,
including the relative advantages of alternative products being developed and
marketed by our collaborative partners and our competitors.

        Many other companies and research institutions are investigating the
role of angiogenesis generally and specifically as it may be useful in
developing therapeutics to treat various diseases associated with abnormal blood
vessel growth. In studies available to date, these angiogenic inhibitors have
shown varying effectiveness in inhibiting angiogenesis and differing degrees of
bioavailability and toxicity. Significant further preclinical and clinical
development of these products is needed prior to an assessment of the more
significant competitive product candidates in the antiangiogenic disease
indications targeted by us.

        We are aware of other companies developing thalidomide and certain of
its chemical analogs for various disease indications, including our
collaborative partner, Celgene, for the treatment of ENL, AIDS-related cachexia
(or wasting) and mouth ulcers. Celgene has received approval from the FDA for
the use of thalidomide in ENL. In 1997, two patents licensed to us were issued
to Children's Hospital by the United States Patent and Trademark Office covering
the use of thalidomide to treat angiogenic-mediated diseases including cancer,
macular degeneration and rheumatoid arthritis. These thalidomide patents were
sublicensed by us to Celgene. The Celgene-licensed patents were specifically
limited to thalidomide and intentionally did not include analogs of thalidomide.
Although we believe that these patent rights would preclude any company other
than Celgene from marketing thalidomide for antiangiogenic indications, there
can be no assurance that any patent will issue or afford meaningful protection.
If a competitor of Celgene or us receives approval to market thalidomide for a
particular disease indication, "off-label" use of thalidomide could adversely
affect our business and operations. Although the FDA does not permit a
manufacturer or distributor to market or promote an approved drug for an
unapproved off-label use or dosage level, under its "practice of medicine"
policy, the FDA generally does not prohibit a physician from prescribing an
approved drug product for an unapproved use or dosage. In addition,
pharmaceutical companies may provide certain information concerning off-label
uses of their drug in compliance with statutory provisions or as permitted by
court orders in a pending court challenge to the FDA's authority to regulate the
dissemination of such information.

        Although one of our focuses is on blood cell permeation research, a
number of companies utilize or are developing cell permeation or drug delivery
technologies and competition for the development of gene and drug delivery
products is intense. We also anticipate that IHP-treated blood will compete for
use in blood transfusions with readily available products, including whole human
blood or packed red blood cells, and products under development, such as blood
substitutes or allosteric effectors of hemoglobin function.

        Many of our existing or potential competitors have substantially greater
financial, technical and human resources than us and may be better equipped to
develop, manufacture and market products. In addition, many of these competitors
have extensive experience in preclinical testing and human clinical trials and
in obtaining regulatory approvals. The existence of competitive products,
including products or treatments of which we are not aware, or products or
treatments that may be developed in the future, may adversely affect the
marketability of products which we may develop.

                                       19
<PAGE>

EMPLOYEES

        As of December 31, 2001, we had 112 full-time employees, of which 83
were employed in our research and development department. In addition, our
subsidiary, MaxCyte, Inc., had 17 full-time employees. We intend to hire
additional personnel in addition to utilizing part-time or temporary consultants
on an as-needed basis. None of our employees are represented by a labor union
and we believe our relations with our employees are satisfactory.

RISK FACTORS

        The following risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing us.
Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently
believe are not material could also materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition or result of operations. In any case, the value of the
common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
You should also refer to the other information contained in this report or
incorporated herein by reference, including our consolidated financial
statements and the notes to those statements. See also, "Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements."

WE HAVE A HISTORY OF LOSSES AND ANTICIPATE FUTURE LOSSES

        To date, we have been engaged primarily in research and development
activities. Although we have received license fees and research and development
funding from a former collaborator, limited revenues on royalties from sales of
THALOMID(R), and certain research grants, we have not derived significant
revenues from operations.

        At December 31, 2001, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
$174,296,466. Losses have continued since December 31, 2001. We also will be
required to conduct substantial research and development and clinical testing
activities for all of our proposed products. We expect that these activities
will result in operating losses for the foreseeable future before we
commercialize any products, if ever. In addition, to the extent we rely on
others to develop and commercialize our products, our ability to achieve
profitability will depend upon the success of these other parties. To support
our research and development of certain product candidates, we also rely to a
significant extent on grants and cooperative agreements from governmental and
other organizations as a source of revenues and support. If our grant revenue or
cooperative agreements were to be reduced to any substantial extent, it may
impair our ability to continue our research and development efforts. Even if we
do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase it.

DEVELOPMENT OF OUR PRODUCTS IS AT AN EARLY STAGE AND IS UNCERTAIN

        Our proposed products and research programs are in the early stage of
clinical development and require significant, time-consuming and costly research
and development, testing and regulatory clearances. In developing our products,
we are subject to risks of failure that are inherent in the development of
products and therapeutic procedures based on innovative technologies. For
example, it is possible that any or all of these proposed products or procedures
will be ineffective or toxic, or otherwise will fail to receive necessary FDA
clearances. There is a risk that the proposed products or procedures will be
uneconomical to manufacture or market or will not achieve market acceptance.
There is also a risk that third parties may hold proprietary rights that
preclude us from marketing our proposed products or that others will market a
superior or equivalent product. Further, our research and development activities
might never result in commercially viable products.

                                       20
<PAGE>

        Our product candidates are at the clinical and preclinical stages of
development. Although several of our product candidates have demonstrated some
success in preclinical studies, they may not prove to be similarly effective in
humans.

        Animals are not people, and testing on animals may occur under different
conditions than testing in people. There are many regulatory steps that must be
taken before any of these product candidates will be eligible for FDA approval
and subsequent sale, including the completion of preclinical (animal) and
clinical (human) trials. We do not expect that these product candidates will be
commercially available for several years, if ever.

WE MUST SHOW THE SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF OUR PRODUCT CANDIDATES THROUGH CLINICAL
TRIALS, THE RESULTS OF WHICH ARE UNCERTAIN

        Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our
products, we must demonstrate, through preclinical studies (animal testing) and
clinical trials (human testing), that our proposed products are safe and
effective for use in each target indication. We currently have three product
candidates undergoing 15 phase I and phase II clinical trials at 10 different
sites. Further testing of our product candidates will be required, and failure
can occur at any stage of testing. Acceptable results from initial preclinical
studies and clinical trials of products under development are not necessarily
indicative of results that will be obtained from subsequent or more extensive
preclinical studies and clinical testing in humans. Clinical trials may not
demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to obtain the required regulatory
approvals or result in marketable products. The failure to adequately
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product under development could delay
or prevent regulatory approval of the potential product.

        Clinical trials for the product candidates we are developing may be
delayed by many factors, including that potential patients for testing are
limited in number. The failure of any clinical trials to meet applicable
regulatory standards could cause such trials to be delayed or terminated, which
could further delay the commercialization of any of our product candidates. Any
such delays will increase our product development costs. If such delays are
significant they could negatively affect our financial results and the
commercial prospects for our products.

MARKETING OUR PRODUCTS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES WILL ENTAIL ADDITIONAL COSTS

        We plan to eventually market our products outside of the United States.
This will entail foreign regulatory approvals in other countries that may have
different requirements from the regulatory process in the United States,
subjecting our products to additional clinical trials and approvals, as well as
licensing, manufacturing and labeling standards, even though the products are
fully approved for manufacture, marketing and distribution in the United States.
In order to meet any additional requirements that might be imposed by foreign
governments, we may incur additional costs that will inhibit our profitability.
If the relevant approvals cannot be obtained or will be too expensive to obtain,
we might not be able to distribute our product candidates in foreign markets,
despite the expenditure of time, effort and funds in an attempt to do so.

WE ARE UNCERTAIN WHETHER ADDITIONAL FUNDING WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR OUR FUTURE
CAPITAL NEEDS AND COMMITMENTS

        We will require substantial funds in addition to our existing working
capital to develop our product candidates and otherwise to meet our business
objectives. We have never generated enough cash during any period since our
inception to cover our expenses and have spent, and expect to continue to spend,
substantial funds to continue our research and development and clinical
programs. Any one of the following factors, among others, could cause us to
require additional funds or otherwise cause our cash requirements in the future
to materially increase:

        -       results of research and development activities;

        -       progress of our preclinical studies or clinical trials;

        -       changes in or terminations of our relationships with strategic
                partners;

                                       21
<PAGE>

        -       changes in the focus, direction, or costs of our research and
                development programs;

        -       competitive and technological advances;

        -       establishment of marketing and sales capabilities;

        -       the regulatory approval process; or

        -       product launch.

        Also, through several agreements, we have agreed to fund sponsored
research of approximately $1,694,000 (including $750,000 to Children's Hospital,
Boston), clinical trials of approximately $1,202,000 and manufacturing costs of
product candidates for clinical trials of approximately $3,000,000 through 2002.
In addition, under the terms of certain license agreements, we must be diligent
in bringing potential products to market and must make future milestone payments
of up to $2,685,000 and additional payments upon attainment of regulatory
milestones. If we fail to comply with the milestones or fail to make any
required sponsored research or milestone payment, we could face the termination
of the relevant sponsored research or license agreement, which could have a
negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

        We may seek additional funding through collaborative arrangements and
public or private financing, including equity financing. Collaborative
arrangements or additional financing may not be available on acceptable terms to
us or at all. If we issue more common stock to raise funds in the future, the
ownership of existing holders in us may be diluted. If adequate funds are not
available, we may be required to take one or more of the following actions:

        -       delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our
                research and development programs;

        -       forfeit our rights to future technologies;

        -       obtain funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or
                others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of
                our technologies, product candidates or products that we would
                otherwise seek to develop or commercialize on our own; or

        -       license the rights to such products on terms that are not
                favorable to us.

WE MAY NEED NEW COLLABORATIVE PARTNERS TO DEVELOP AND COMMERCIALIZE PRODUCTS

        We plan to develop and commercialize our product portfolio with or
without corporate alliances and partners. Nonetheless, we intend to explore
opportunities for new corporate alliances and partners to help us develop,
commercialize and market our products. We expect to grant to our partners
certain rights to commercialize any products developed under these agreements,
and we may rely on our partners to conduct research and development efforts and
clinical trials on, obtain regulatory approvals for, and manufacture and market
any products licensed to them. Each individual partner will seek to control the
amount and timing of resources devoted to these activities generally. Our
revenues will be obtained from strategic partners as research and development
payments and upon achievement of certain milestones. Since we generally expect
to obtain a royalty for sales or a percentage of profits of products licensed to
third parties, our revenues may be less than if we retained all
commercialization rights and marketed products directly. In addition, there is a
risk that our corporate partners will pursue alternative technologies or develop
competitive products as a means for developing treatments for the diseases
targeted by our programs.

        We may not be successful in establishing any collaborative arrangements.
Even if we do establish such collaborations, we may not successfully
commercialize any products under or derive any revenues from these arrangements.
Our strategy also involves entering into multiple, concurrent strategic
alliances to pursue commercialization of our core technologies. There is a risk
that we will not be able to manage simultaneous programs successfully. With
respect to existing and potential future strategic alliances and collaborative
arrangements, we will depend on the expertise and dedication of sufficient
resources by these outside parties to develop, manufacture, or market products.
If a strategic alliance or collaborative partner fails to develop or
commercialize a product to which it has rights, we may not recognize any
revenues on that particular product.

                                       22
<PAGE>

WE HAVE NO CURRENT MANUFACTURING OR MARKETING CAPACITY AND RELY ON ONLY ONE
SUPPLIER FOR SOME OF OUR PRODUCTS

        We do not expect to manufacture or market products in the near term, but
we may try to do so in certain cases. We do not currently have the capacity to
manufacture or market products and we have limited experience in these
activities. If we elect to perform these functions, we will be required to
either develop these capacities, or contract with others to perform some or all
of these tasks. We may be dependent to a significant extent on corporate
partners, licensees, or other entities for manufacturing and marketing of
products. If we engage directly in manufacturing or marketing, we will require
substantial additional funds and personnel and will be required to comply with
extensive regulations. We may not be able to develop or contract for these
capacities when required to do so in connection with our business.

        We are currently manufacturing products for clinical trials on a
contract basis. Our current third party manufacturers and suppliers include:

        -       Dyosynth RTP, for the production of human Angiostatin,

        -       Chiron Corporation, for the production of human Endostatin, and

        -       Akzo Nobel, for the production of Panzem(TM).

        We currently use one supplier for the manufacture of these products and
do not have arrangements in place with alternative suppliers if our current
supplier is unable to deliver the product in necessary quantities. Therefore, we
depend on all such third-party manufacturers to perform their obligations
effectively and on a timely basis. These third parties may not meet their
obligations and any such non-performance may delay clinical development or
submission of products for regulatory approval, or otherwise impair our
competitive position. Any significant problem experienced by one of our
suppliers could result in a delay or interruption in the supply of materials to
us until such supplier resolves the problem or an alternative source of supply
is located. Any delay or interruption would likely lead to a delay or
interruption of manufacturing operations, which could negatively affect our
operations. Although we have identified alternative suppliers for our product
candidates, we have not entered into contractual or other arrangements with
them. If we needed to use an alternate supplier for any product, we would
experience delays while we negotiated an agreement with them for the manufacture
of such product. In addition, we may not be able to negotiate manufacturing
terms with a new supplier that are as favorable as the terms we have with our
current suppliers.

        Problems with any manufacturing processes could result in product
defects, which could require us to delay shipment of products or recall products
previously shipped. In addition, any prolonged interruption in the operations of
the manufacturing facilities of one of our sole-source suppliers could result in
the cancellation of shipments. A number of factors could cause interruptions,
including equipment malfunctions or failures, or damage to a facility due to
natural disasters or otherwise. Because our manufacturing processes are or are
expected to be highly complex and subject to a lengthy FDA approval process,
alternative qualified production capacity may not be available on a timely basis
or at all. Difficulties or delays in our manufacturing could increase our costs
and damage our reputation.

        The manufacture of pharmaceutical products can be an expensive, time
consuming, and complex process. Manufacturers often encounter difficulties in
scaling-up production of new products, including problems involving production
yields, quality control and assurance, and shortages of personnel. Delays in
formulation and scale-up to commercial quantities could result in additional
expense and delays in our clinical trials, regulatory submissions, and
commercialization.

MANUFACTURING FACILITIES PRODUCING OUR PRODUCT CANDIDATES MUST MAINTAIN
REGULATORY APPROVAL

        Any manufacturer of our product candidates will be subject to applicable
Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) prescribed by the FDA or other rules and
regulations prescribed by foreign regulatory authorities. We and any of our
collaborators may not be able to enter into or maintain relationships either
domestically or abroad with manufacturers whose facilities and procedures comply
or will continue to comply with GMP and who are able to produce our small
molecules and proteins.

                                       23
<PAGE>
        Should manufacturing agreements be entered into, our collaborators and
we will be dependent upon such manufacturers for continued compliance with GMP.
Failure by a manufacturer of our products to comply with GMP could result in
significant time delays or our inability to commercialize or continue to market
a product. Changes in our manufacturers could require new product testing and
facility compliance inspections. In the United States, failure to comply with
GMP or other applicable legal requirements can lead to federal seizure of
violative products, injunctive actions brought by the federal government, and
potential criminal and civil liability on the part of a company and its officers
and employees. Because of these and other factors, we may not be able to replace
our manufacturing capacity quickly or efficiently, in the event that our current
or future manufacturers are unable to manufacture our products at one of more of
their facilities.

THE MANUFACTURE OF OUR PRODUCT CANDIDATES, INCLUDING ENDOSTATIN AND ANGIOSTATIN,
MAY NOT BE COMMERCIALLY FEASIBLE

        We have entered into agreements with Chiron Corporation and Diosynth RTP
under which Chiron and Diosynth are responsible for producing sufficient amounts
of Endostatin and Angiostatin, respectively, for toxicology studies and for
scale-up production of these proteins under GMP conditions for clinical trials.
We are reliant on Chiron and Diosynth for the production of sufficient
quantities of the Endostatin and Angiostatin to complete our clinical studies,
and if they fail to produce such quantities, then we would have to delay our
clinical studies. If we are required to change to a new manufacturer, and if any
suitable manufacturer can be found, significant additional time and funds would
be required for technology transfer and testing. Indeed, the production of
protein-based therapeutics using recombinant DNA techniques and fermentation is
a difficult, expensive process. Therefore, we may not be able to manufacture
commercial quantities of Endostatin and Angiostatin in a cost-effective manner.

        The manufacturing processes for several of the small molecules and
proteins we are developing as product candidates have not yet been tested at
commercial levels, and it may not be possible to manufacture these materials in
a cost-effective manner.

OUR PRODUCTS MAY NOT ACHIEVE MARKET ACCEPTANCE

        Our success will be dependent on market acceptance of our products in
the United States and, later, in international markets. Since we have not
received the necessary approvals to sell our products in the United States or
elsewhere, we cannot predict whether any of our products will achieve market
acceptance, either in the United States or abroad. A number of factors may limit
the market acceptance of our products, including the timing of regulatory
approval and market entry relative to competitive products, the availability of
alternative therapies or treatments, the price of our products relative to any
alternatives, the availability of third-party reimbursement to pay for them, and
the extent of the marketing efforts by competitors. Other risk factors
identified in this section also may affect market acceptance of our product
candidates.

WE DEPEND ON PATENTS AND OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, SOME OF WHICH ARE UNCERTAIN

        Our success will depend in part on our ability to obtain patents for our
products, both in the United States and abroad. The patent position of
biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in general is highly uncertain and
involves complex legal and factual questions. Risks that relate to patenting our
products include the following:

        -       our failure to obtain additional patents;

        -       challenge, invalidation, or circumvention of patents already
                issued to us;

        -       failure of the rights granted under our patents to provide
                sufficient protection;

        -       independent development of similar products by third parties; or

        -       ability of third parties to design around patents issued to our
                collaborators or us.

        For several of the products that we are developing, including
Panzem(TM), composition of matter patents are not available because the
compounds are in the public domain. In these cases, only patents covering the
"use" of the product are available. In general, patents covering a new use for a
known compound can be more difficult to enforce against infringers of the use
claims in the patent.

                                       24
<PAGE>

        Our potential products may conflict with patents that have been or may
be granted to competitors, universities or others. As the biotechnology industry
expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our potential
products may give rise to claims that may infringe the patents of others. Such
other persons could bring legal actions against us claiming damages and seeking
to enjoin clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of the affected
products. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost to us and
diversion of effort by our management and technical personnel. If any of these
actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages, we
could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to manufacture or
market the affected products. We may not prevail in any action and any license
required under any needed patent might not be made available on acceptable
terms, if at all.

        We are a party to sponsored research agreements and license agreements
that require us to make milestone payments upon attainment of certain regulatory
milestones. Failure to meet such milestones could result in the loss of certain
rights to compounds covered under such license agreements.

        We also rely on trade secret protection for our confidential and
proprietary information. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect and
others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary
information and techniques and gain access to our trade secrets and disclose our
technology. We may not be able to meaningfully protect our rights to unpatented
trade secrets. We require our employees, consultants, and advisors to execute a
confidentiality agreement when beginning an employment or a consulting
relationship with us. The agreements generally provide that all trade secrets
and inventions conceived by the individual and all confidential information
developed or made known to the individual during the term of the relationship
automatically become our exclusive property. Employees and consultants must keep
such information confidential and may not disclose such information to third
parties except in specified circumstances. These agreements may not provide
meaningful protection for our proprietary information in the event of
unauthorized use or disclosure of such information.

        To the extent that consultants, key employees, or other third parties
apply technological information independently developed by them or by others to
our proposed projects, disputes may arise as to the proprietary rights to such
information which may not be resolved in our favor. Certain of our consultants
are employed by or have consulting agreements with others and any inventions
discovered by them generally will not become our property.

THE EXPIRATION OF OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL, BOSTON, COULD LIMIT
OUR ABILITY TO ACQUIRE PRODUCT CANDIDATES AND SUBJECT US TO INCREASED
COMPETITION

        We have relationships with collaborators at academic and other
institutions that conduct research either on our behalf or whose research we
have the right to license and use. Our primary research collaboration has been
with Children's Hospital, Boston. Under our agreement with Children's Hospital,
Boston, we provide funding for some of their research projects on blood vessel
growth. In return, we obtain licenses to discoveries resulting from that
research. Children's Hospital, Boston, originally discovered the proteins
endostatin and angiostatin, and the small molecule that makes up Panzem(TM).
Children's Hospital, Boston also identified the anti-blood vessel growth
properties of thalidomide and certain thalidomide analogs. To date, we have
received licenses from Children's Hospital, Boston, for each these discoveries.

        Researchers at Children's Hospital, Boston, also may be working on other
products that may be used to treat cancer in a variety of ways, including by
antiangiogenesis. Although we believe that, pursuant to our agreement, we are
entitled to license and use a wide variety of products related to
antiangiogenesis, Children's Hospital, Boston, may take a different position.
Children's Hospital, Boston, has licensed, and may in the future license,
products to our existing and potential competitors.

        Our agreement with Children's Hospital, Boston will expire on September
30, 2002. Although this agreement has been renewed before, we do not know
whether it will be renewed again. Because Children's Hospital, Boston, has, in
the past, been an important source of product candidates for us, the expiration
of this collaboration may limit our ability to acquire future product
candidates.

                                       25
<PAGE>

        We cannot be sure that we will be able to negotiate research
collaborations with new institutions or that any new collaboration will be
successful. The expiration of the collaboration with Children's Hospital,
Boston, may subject us to increased competition.

OUR POTENTIAL PRODUCTS ARE SUBJECT TO GOVERNMENT REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND AN
EXTENSIVE APPROVAL PROCESS

        Our research, development, preclinical and clinical trials,
manufacturing, and marketing of most of our product candidates are subject to an
extensive regulatory approval process by the FDA and other regulatory agencies
in the United States and abroad. The process of obtaining FDA and other required
regulatory approvals for drug and biologic products, including required
preclinical and clinical testing, is time consuming and expensive. Even after
spending time and money, we may not receive regulatory approvals for clinical
testing or for the manufacturing or marketing of any products. Our collaborators
or we may encounter significant delays or costs in the effort to secure
necessary approvals or licenses. Even if we obtain regulatory clearance for a
product, that product will be subject to continual review. Later discovery of
previously unknown defects or failure to comply with the applicable regulatory
requirements may result in restrictions on a product's marketing or withdrawal
of the product from the market, as well as possible civil or criminal penalties.

WE OPERATE IN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE INDUSTRY

        The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are intensely
competitive and we expect competition from other companies and other research
and academic institutions to increase. In addition to competing with
universities and other research institutions to develop products, technologies,
and processes, we may compete with other companies to acquire the rights to
products, technologies, and processes developed by universities and other
research institutions. Many of these companies have substantially greater
financial and research and development capabilities than we have and have
substantially greater experience in undertaking preclinical and clinical testing
of products, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing
pharmaceutical products. We are aware of a number of other companies and
academic institutions that are pursuing angiogenesis research and are testing
other angiogenesis inhibitors.

        These other companies and academic institutions may be larger and may
have significantly greater financial resources, or be supported by large
entities with greater financial resources than are currently available to us.
They may also have established marketing and distribution channels. The drug
industry is characterized by intense price competition, and we anticipate that
we will face this and other forms of competition. Developments by others may
render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive and we may not be
able to keep pace with technological developments. Competitors may develop
products that use an entirely different approach or means of accomplishing the
desired therapeutic effect that our products seek to achieve and may be more
effective or less costly, or both. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in
commercializing products more rapidly than we do. If these competitors develop
their products more rapidly and complete the regulatory process sooner, we may
not be able to successfully compete with them.

        The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are rapidly evolving. We
may not be able to develop products that are more effective or achieve greater
market acceptance than our competitors' products. Our competitors may succeed in
developing products and technologies that are more effective than those being
developed by us or that render our products and technologies less competitive or
obsolete. While we do not know the potential effectiveness of these products in
comparison to our product candidates, it is possible that these products will be
more effective than our products, will be easier to manufacture, will come to
market before any of our products or will achieve market acceptance over our
products.


                                       26
<PAGE>
LOSS OF KEY PERSONNEL AND CONSULTANTS COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS

        We are dependent on certain of our executive officers and scientific
personnel, including John W. Holaday, Ph.D., our co-founder, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer. Competition for qualified employees among pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies is intense, and the loss of certain of our personnel, or
an inability to attract, retain, and motivate additional highly skilled
scientific, technical, and management personnel, could negatively affect our
ability to develop our products and achieve our business objectives. We may not
be able to retain our existing personnel or attract and retain additional
qualified employees. We carry key person life insurance only on Dr. Holaday and
on Dr. Edward R. Gubish Jr., our President and Chief Operating Officer. Our
existing coverage may not be adequate to protect us from the loss of Dr. Holaday
or Dr. Gubish. Further, the loss of the technical knowledge and management and
industry expertise of any of our senior management or scientific and technical
personnel could result in delays in product development and other business
objectives and in diversion of management resources.

        We may also be dependent, in part, upon the continued contributions of
the lead investigators of our sponsored research programs. Our scientific
consultants and collaborators may have commitments to or consulting or advisory
agreements with other entities that may affect their ability to contribute to us
or may be competitive with us. Inventions or processes discovered by them will
not necessarily become our property, but may remain the property of these
persons or of these persons' full-time employers.

POTENTIAL PRODUCTS MAY SUBJECT US TO PRODUCT LIABILITY FOR WHICH INSURANCE MAY
NOT BE AVAILABLE

        The use of our potential products in clinical trials and the marketing
of any pharmaceutical products may expose us to product liability claims. We
have obtained a level of liability insurance coverage that we believe is
adequate in scope and coverage for our current stage of development. However,
our present insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us from
liabilities we might incur. In addition, our existing coverage will not be
adequate as we further develop products, and in the future adequate insurance
coverage and indemnification by collaborative partners may not be available in
sufficient amounts or at a reasonable cost. If a product liability claim or
series of claims are brought against us for uninsured liabilities, or in excess
of our insurance coverage, the payment of such liabilities could have a negative
effect on our business and financial condition.

THE MARKETABILITY OF OUR POTENTIAL PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS MAY DEPEND ON
REIMBURSEMENT AND REFORM MEASURES IN THE HEALTH CARE INDUSTRY

        Our success may depend, in part, on the extent to which reimbursement
for the costs of therapeutic products and related treatments will be available
from third-party payors such as government health administration authorities,
private health insurers, managed care programs, and other organizations. Over
the past decade, the cost of health care has risen significantly, and there have
been numerous proposals by legislators, regulators, and third-party health care
payors to curb these costs. Some of these proposals have involved limitations on
the amount of reimbursement for certain products. Similar federal or state
health care legislation may be adopted in the future and any products that our
collaborators or we seek to commercialize may not be considered cost-effective.
Adequate third-party insurance coverage may not be available for us to establish
and maintain price levels that are sufficient for realization of an appropriate
return on our investment in product development. Moreover, the existence or
threat of cost control measures could cause our corporate collaborators to be
less willing or able to pursue research and development programs related to our
product candidates.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISK DUE TO OUR USE OF HAZARDOUS MATERIALS

        Our research and development involves the controlled use of hazardous
biological, chemical, and radioactive materials. We are subject to federal,
state, and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage,
handling, and disposal of such materials and certain waste products. Although we
believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of such materials
comply with the standards prescribed by such laws and regulations, the risk of
accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely
eliminated. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for any
damages that result. Such liability could have a negative impact on our
financial condition and results of operations.

                                       27
<PAGE>


THE PRICE OF OUR STOCK IS HIGHLY VOLATILE

        The market price of our common stock, like that of the common stock of
many other biopharmaceutical companies, is highly volatile. For example, the
market price of our stock from 1999 to 2001 ranged from a high of $101 to a low
of $6.42. For the past 52 weeks the market price of our stock ranged from a high
of $22.77 to a low of $5.80.

        Factors that may have a significant impact on the market price of our
common stock include:

        -       the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials by us or
                our competitors;

        -       FDA actions with respect to our product candidates;

        -       other evidence of the safety or efficacy of our product
                candidates or those of our competitors;

        -       announcements of technological innovations or new commercial
                products by us or our competitors;

        -       changes in reimbursement policies;

        -       health care legislation;

        -       developments in patent or other proprietary rights;

        -       developments in our relationships with collaborative partners;

        -       public concern as to the safety and efficacy of drugs we
                develop;

        -       fluctuations in our operating results;

        -       actions by traders and shortsellers;

        -       articles in the public press;

        -       general market conditions; and

        -       sales of substantial numbers of shares of common stock.

PROVISIONS OF OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS
AND DELAWARE LAW COULD DETER TAKEOVER ATTEMPTS

        Any of the following provisions could discourage, hinder or preclude an
unsolicited acquisition of us and could make it less likely that securityholders
receive a premium for their securities as a result of any such attempt:

        -       Without shareholder approval, our Board of Directors may issue
                up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with voting rights
                equal to the common stock and conversion, liquidation, or
                dissolution rights and preferences that may be superior to the
                common stock. The rights of the holders of any such preferred
                stock may adversely affect the rights of holders of common
                stock. The issuance of preferred stock or of rights to purchase
                preferred stock could be used to discourage an unsolicited
                acquisition proposal.

        -       In addition, our Board of Directors is divided into three
                classes, the members of each of which will serve for a staggered
                three-year term. Because shareholders only may elect one-third
                of the Directors each year, it is more difficult for a third
                party to gain control of our Board of Directors.

        -       Furthermore, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of
                Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which
                prohibits us from engaging in a "business combination" with an
                "interested stockholder," unless the business combination is
                approved in a prescribed manner.

                                       28
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.         PROPERTIES

        We currently lease approximately 46,000 square feet of space
(approximately 32,000 square feet of which is laboratory space) in Rockville,
Maryland. The lease expires in February 2009. We believe that our existing
facilities will be adequate to accommodate the implementation of our current
business plan.

ITEM 3.         LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

        We were a defendant in a lawsuit initiated in August 1995 in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee by Bolling, McCool &
Twist ("BMT"), a consulting firm. In the suit, BMT asserted that we breached an
agreement between BMT and us by failing to pay BMT certain fees that allegedly
were owed under the agreement. In January of 2002, the parties settled the
lawsuit with EntreMed making a payment to BMT. The settlement amount had been
reserved as of December 31, 2000. In addition, if EntreMed should receive
certain payments from Bristol-Myers Squibb under an existing agreement between
EntreMed and Bristol-Myers, BMT would receive one percent of those payments.

        On May 30, 2000, Abbott Laboratories filed a law suit against Children's
Medical Center Corporation and us in the Federal District Court in Massachusetts
requesting, among other things, that the court substitute Dr. Donald Davidson as
inventor on Children's U.S. Patent No. 4,854,221 which covers use of the Kringle
5 region of the plasminogen molecule as an anti-angiogenic agent and a
declaratory judgment from the court to invalidate any agreement between
Children's Hospital and EntreMed regarding this patent. Abbott also filed a
claim for misappropriation of trade secrets related to the Kringle 5 molecule
seeking actual and punitive damages from the defendants. On July 18, 2000, we
filed counterclaims against Abbott Laboratories including tortuous interference
with contract and a declaratory judgement that Abbott's patent covering Kringle
5 is invalid and that Children's patent covering Kringle 5 is valid. The lawsuit
is in the discovery phase. Although we do not currently believe that the Abbott
lawsuit will have a material impact on the operations of the company, and we
intend to vigorously contest the allegations raised in the lawsuit, there is a
risk that Children's patent or any agreement with Children's with respect to the
use of the patent could be invalidated or found not to exist.

        The Abbott lawsuit is not directed to nor does the suit affect our
Angiostatin molecule, Kringles 1-3 of the plasminogen molecule, that is
currently in Phase I clinical trials.

ITEM 4.         SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

                        None.

                                       29
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.         MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
                MATTERS.

        Our common stock began trading publicly on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "ENMD" on June 12, 1996. The following table sets forth the
high and low closing price for our common stock by quarter, as reported by the
Nasdaq National Market, for the periods indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                HIGH         LOW
                                                             ----------   ---------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>
2000:
  First Quarter.......................................       $    98.50   $   27.00
  Second Quarter......................................            56.44       21.75
  Third Quarter.......................................            37.00       23.75
  Fourth Quarter......................................            38.00       17.25
2001:
  First Quarter.......................................       $    27.31   $   15.17
  Second Quarter......................................            21.24       13.45
  Third Quarter.......................................            15.24        7.00
  Fourth Quarter......................................            12.51        8.05
2002:
  First Quarter (through March  7, 2002)..............       $     8.27   $    6.33
</TABLE>

        On March 7, 2002, the closing price of our common stock, as reported by
the Nasdaq National Market, was $7.25 per share. As of March 7, 2002 there were
approximately 800 holders of record of our common stock.

        Since our initial public offering in 1996, we have not paid cash
dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that any earnings will be
retained for the continued development of our business and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

                                       30
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.         SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

        The following selected consolidated financial data set forth below has
been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements. The data should
be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related
notes, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations in Item 7 and other financial information included
elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                       -----------------------
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:               2001              2000             1999             1998           1997
                                       ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- --------------- --------------
<S>                                    <C>               <C>               <C>              <C>             <C>
Revenues
    Collaborative research
         and development               $        -        $        -        $     3,099,166  $    4,473,131  $   4,342,369
    License fees                                -                 -                403,333         200,000        200,000
    Grant revenues                              358,427           401,477          339,087         472,667        215,119
     Royalty revenues                         1,440,070         3,117,282        1,123,111         -               -
     Other                                       63,444           153,016           52,853          15,675         -
Total revenues                                1,861,941         3,671,775        5,017,550       5,161,483      4,757,488

Expenses:
    Research and development                 52,858,838        41,715,598       35,529,435      15,084,993      8,998,705
    General and administrative               15,815,353        12,673,851        8,028,922       5,760,215      4,915,724
    Interest expense                            344,969           241,451           22,270         -                1,418
    Investment income                       (1,437,966)       (2,164,748)      (1,677,361)     (2,169,955)    (2,621,630)
    Gain on sale of royalty interest       (22,410,182)          -                -                -               -
Net loss                               $   (43,309,071)  $   (48,794,377)  $  (36,885,716)  $ (13,513,770)  $ (6,536,729)
Net loss per share                              $(2.39)           $(3.04)          $(2.67)         $(1.07)        $(0.54)

Weighted average number of
    shares outstanding                       18,093,174        16,057,047       13,801,220      12,681,824     12,158,372




BALANCE SHEET DATA:
    Cash and cash equivalents
       and short-term investments           $41,386,300       $24,503,886      $26,027,235     $35,171,060    $45,245,071
    Working capital                          21,257,950        15,129,183       19,242,907      29,269,715     41,454,371
    Total assets                             46,218,450        31,410,412       31,843,625      39,574,003     47,838,663
    Deferred revenue, less
       current portion                        -                   -               -                -            1,341,666
    Accumulated deficit                   (174,296,466)     (130,987,395)     (82,193,018)    (45,307,302)   (31,793,532)
    Total stockholders' equity               23,194,898        19,039,945       21,984,801      33,188,064     41,953,094
</TABLE>

                                       31
<PAGE>
ITEM 7.         MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
                RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

        The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this
report. See "Risk Factors".

OVERVIEW

        Since our inception in September 1991, we have devoted substantially all
of our efforts and resources to sponsoring and conducting research and
development on our own behalf and through collaborations. Through December 31,
2001, all of our revenues have been generated from license fees, research and
development funding, royalty payments, the sale of royalty rights, and certain
research grants; we have not generated any revenue from direct product sales. We
anticipate our primary revenue sources for the next few years to include
research grants and collaboration payments under current or future arrangements.
The timing and amounts of such revenues, if any, will likely fluctuate and
depend upon the achievement of specified research and development milestones,
and results of operations for any period may be unrelated to the results of
operations for any other period.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND THE USE OF ESTIMATES

        The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial
statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from
those estimates. The items in our financial statements requiring significant
estimates and judgments are as follows:

        -       Royalties from licenses are based on third-party sales and
                recorded as earned in accordance with contract terms, when
                third-party results are reliably measured and collectibility is
                reasonably assured. The majority of our royalty income is from
                Celgene on the sale of THALOMID(R).

        -       Malaria Grant Revenue - The Company receives government grants
                for the development of potential malaria vaccines. Grants are
                funded in specific amounts based on funding requests submitted
                to the grantor. Grant revenues are recognized and realized at
                the time that research and development activities are performed.

        -       Research and development expenses consist primarily of
                compensation and other expenses related to research and
                development personnel, research collaborations, costs associated
                with pre-clinical testing and clinical trials of our product
                candidates, including the costs of manufacturing the product
                candidates, and facilities expenses. Research and development
                costs are expensed as incurred.

        -       We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings as
                discussed in the "Commitments and Contingencies" note in the
                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We do not believe
                these legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on
                our consolidated financial position, results of operations or
                cash flows. However, were an unfavorable ruling to occur there
                exists the possibility of a material impact on the operating
                results of that period.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

        Revenues. Revenues decreased approximately 49% in 2001 to approximately
$1,862,000 from $3,672,000 in 2000 and decreased approximately 27% in 2000 from
approximately $5,018,000 in 1999. The 2001 decrease results from lower royalty
income reflecting the sale of our right to receive royalty income from Celgene's
sales of thalidomide (THALOMID(R)). The decrease from 1999 to 2000 reflects the
absence of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS) collaborative research and
development fees and license fees. Revenues under collaborative research and
development agreements were approximately $3,099,000 and license fees were
approximately $403,000 in the year ended December 31, 1999. Revenues in 1999
consisted of the balance of the BMS collaborative research and development fees,
license fees and related deferred revenue due to the modification of the
research agreement with BMS in February 1999 whereby we assumed all
responsibility for preclinical and clinical work on the Angiostatin protein
effective August 1999. Included in grant revenues are funds received from a
Small Business Innovative Research, or SBIR, program of the National Institutes
of Health of approximately $358,000, $401,000 and $264,000 in 2001, 2000 and
1999, respectively. In accordance with our 1998 collaborative sublicensing
agreement for thalidomide with Celgene, we recognized net royalty revenues from
Celgene's sales of thalidomide (THALOMID(R)) of approximately $1,438,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2001, a decrease of approximately 54% from approximately
$3,115,000 in 2000. The 2000 amount was an increase of 177% from approximately
$1,123,000 in 1999.

        Research and Development Expenses. From inception through December 31,
2001 we have incurred research and development expenses of approximately
$177,000,000. Included in this amount are the expenses related to our three lead
product candidates, Panzem(TM), Endostatin and Angiostatin. At December 31, 2001
the accumulated expenses for each of these development projects are $14,665,000,
$61,250,000 and $29,837,000 respectively. Project expenses for Panzem(TM)
$7,390,000, Endostatin $19,725,000 and Angiostatin $9,249,000 are reflected in
our 2001 R&D expenses of approximately $52,859,000. Research and Development
expenses were approximately $41,716,000 in 2000 and approximately $35,529,000 in
1999. Project costs for Panzem(TM), Endostatin and Angiostatin were $4,228,000,
$22,433,000 and $3,661,000 in 2000, and $2,104,000, $15,438,000 and $8,780,000
in 1999, respectively.

        The amounts of the expenditures that will be necessary to execute our
business plan are subject to numerous uncertainties, which may adversely affect
our liquidity and capital resources. As of December 31, 2001, three of our
proprietary product candidates, Panzem(TM), Endostatin and Angiostatin were in
various stages of clinical trials. Completion of clinical trials may take
several years or more, but the length of time generally varies substantially
according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of a product
candidate.

                                       32
<PAGE>
        We estimate that clinical trials of the type we generally conduct are
typically completed over the following timelines:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       ESTIMATED
                                       COMPLETION
CLINICAL PHASE                         PERIOD
<S>                                    <C>
Phase I                                1 Year
Phase II                               1-2 Years
Phase III                              2-4 Years
</TABLE>

        The duration and the cost of clinical trials may vary significantly over
the life of a project as a result of differences arising during the clinical
trial protocol, including, among others, the following:

        -       the number of patients that ultimately participate in the trial;

        -       the duration of patient follow-up that seems appropriate in view
                of the results;

        -       the number of clinical sites included in the trials; and

        -       the length of time required to enroll suitable patient subjects.

        We test our potential product candidates in numerous pre-clinical
studies to identify indications for which they may be product candidates. We may
conduct multiple clinical trials to cover a variety of indications for each
product candidate. As we obtain results from trials, we may elect to discontinue
clinical trials for certain product candidates or for certain indications in
order to focus our resources on more promising product candidates or
indications.

        An important element of our business strategy is to pursue the research
and development of a range of product candidates for a variety of oncology and
non-oncology indications. This allows us to diversify the risks associated with
our research and development expenditures. As a result, we believe our future
capital requirements and our future financial success are not substantially
dependent on any one product candidate. To the extent we are unable to maintain
a broad range of product candidates, our dependence on the success of one or a
few product candidates would increase.

        Our proprietary product candidates also have not yet achieved FDA
regulatory approval, which is required before we can market them as therapeutic
products. In order to proceed to subsequent clinical trial stages and to
ultimately achieve regulatory approval, the FDA must conclude that our clinical
data establish safety and efficacy. Historically, the results from pre-clinical
testing and early clinical trials have often not been predictive of results
obtained in later clinical trials. A number of new drugs and biologics have
shown promising results in clinical trials, but subsequently failed to establish
sufficient safety and efficacy data to obtain necessary regulatory approvals.

        Furthermore, our business strategy includes the option of entering into
collaborative arrangements with third parties to complete the development and
commercialization of our products. In the event that third parties take over the
clinical trial process for one of our product candidates, the estimated
completion date would largely be under the control of that third party rather
than us. We cannot forecast with any degree of certainty which proprietary
products or indications, if any, will be subject to future collaborative
arrangements, in whole or in part, and how such arrangements would affect our
capital requirements.

        As a result of the uncertainties discussed above, among others, we are
unable to estimate the duration and completion costs of our research and
development projects. Our inability to complete our research and development
projects in a timely manner or our failure to enter into collaborative
agreements, when appropriate, could significantly increase our capital
requirements and could adversely impact our liquidity. These uncertainties could
force us to seek additional, external sources of financing from time to time in
order to continue with our business strategy. Our inability to raise additional
capital, or to do so on terms reasonably acceptable to us, would jeopardize the
future success of our business.

                                       33
<PAGE>
        Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and
other expenses related to research and development personnel, research
collaborations, costs associated with pre-clinical testing and clinical trials
of our product candidates, including the costs of manufacturing the product
candidates, and facilities expenses. Research and development expenses increased
to approximately $52,859,000 in 2001 from $41,716,000 in 2000 and from
$35,529,000 in 1999. The cost increases are primarily associated with the
following:

        -       Increased personnel--Personnel costs increased by $2,041,000
                from 2000 to $7,945,000 in 2001. Personnel costs increased by
                $1,736,000 from 1999 to 2000. Staffing increased 20% and 45% in
                2001 and 2000, respectively. Additions to research and
                development have been necessary to support a higher level of
                product development activities, including, process sciences,
                manufacturing and increased clinical activities. Included in the
                increases are salary and related fringe benefits, recruiting and
                relocation costs.

        -       Collaborative Research Agreements-- We have made payments to our
                collaborators of $3,708,000, $4,343,000 and $4,067,000 in years
                2001, 2000 and 1999 respectively. Sponsored research payments to
                academic collaborators include payments to Children's Hospital,
                Boston of $2,183,000 in 2001, $2,517,000 in 2000, $2,650,000 in
                1999.

        -       Clinical Trial Costs--Clinical costs increased by $2,285,000
                from 2000 to 2001 and increased by approximately $986,000 from
                1999 to 2000 as we have initiated new clinical trials and
                progressed to later stage clinical trials for our lead product
                candidates, Panzem(TM), Endostatin and Angiostatin. During 2001,
                we had clinical trials in progress during the entire year for
                these three product candidates. During 2000, we had clinical
                trials in progress for the entire year for Endostatin and for
                the last 10 months of the year for Panzem(TM) and Angiostatin.
                During 1999 we initiated clinical trials for Endostatin. Costs
                of such trials include the clinical investigator site fees,
                monitoring costs and data management costs. Contracted regulator
                support costs increased in 2001 to $1,040,000 from $308,000 in
                2000 and $122,000 in 1999.

        -       Contract Manufacturing Costs-- The costs of manufacturing the
                material used in clinical trials for our three lead product
                candidates is reflected in contract manufacturing. These costs
                include bulk manufacturing, encapsulation and fill finish
                services and product release costs. Contract manufacturing costs
                increased $4,190,000 in 2001 from $22,980,000 in 2000. The 2000
                amount was an increase of $1,736,000 from 1999. The 2001
                increase resulted primarily from the manufacturing of
                Angiostatin to provide material for our ongoing Phase I and the
                initiation of Phase II clinical trials. General and
                administrative expenses include compensation and other expenses
                related to finance, business development and administrative
                personnel, professional services and facilities.

        General and administrative expenses increased to $15,815,000 in 2001
from $12,674,000 in 2000 and $8,029,000 in 1999. The 2001 and 2000 increases
reflect increases in personnel costs, additional legal fees associated with the
Abbott litigation, and additional investor relations costs. Also reflected in
2001 is a charge of $1,367,000 related to the potential repurchase of our common
stock from Bristol-Myers Squibb and the related guaranteed minimum purchase
price.

        Interest expense. In 2001 interest expense increased 43% to
approximately $345,000 from $241,000 in 2000. The 2000 amount increased 995%
from 1999 interest expense of $22,000. The 2001 amount reflects the accrual of
interest relating to MaxCyte's issuance of convertible promissory notes. The
2000 increase resulted from amortized payments pursuant to a December 1999
borrowing secured by our equipment.

        Investment income. Investment income decreased by approximately 34% in
2001 to approximately $1,438,000 from approximately $2,165,000 as a result of
lower investment yields on interest bearing cash accounts. Investment income in
2000 increased 29% to approximately $2,165,000 from $1,677,000 in 1999. The 2000
increase resulted from an increase in our invested cash resulting from the sale
of our common stock.

                                       34
<PAGE>

        Gain on sale of royalty interest. The Consolidated Statement of
Operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 reflects a gain of approximately
$22,400,000 resulting from a purchase agreement by and between Bioventure
Investments kft ("Bioventure") and the Company. Bioventure purchased our right,
title and interest to the net royalty payments payable by Celgene Corporation to
the Company under an agreement dated as of December 9, 1998 by and between the
Company and Celgene.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

        To date, we have been engaged primarily in research and development
activities. As a result we have experienced and expect to continue to incur
operating losses for 2002 and the foreseeable future before we commercialize any
products. To accomplish our business plans, we will be required to continue to
conduct substantial development activities for all of our proposed products.
Expenditures on these activities are expected to approximate $41,000,000 in
2002.

        In 2002 we plan to fund the following development activities as part of
the $41,000,000 discussed above; sponsored research of approximately
$5,000,000, clinical trials of approximately $5,000,000 and manufacturing of
product candidates for clinical trials of approximately $15,000,000. In
addition, under the terms of certain license agreements, we must be diligent in
bringing potential products to market and would make future milestone payments
of up to $2,685,000. If we fail to comply with the milestones or fail to make
any required sponsored research or milestone payment, we could face the
termination of the relevant sponsored research or license agreement.

        Although we have received license fees and research and development
funding from a former collaborator, limited revenues on royalties from sales of
THALOMID(R) and certain research grants, we have not derived significant
revenues from operations. We intend to pursue strategic relationships to provide
resources for the further development of our product candidates, and we are
currently involved in discussion with several potential partners.

        Management has prepared a business plan for 2002, which assumes that the
Company will obtain additional capital financing sufficient to fund its planned
operations. We have raised $5,000,000 in cash through the sale of stock
subsequent to December 31, 2001. We will continue to pursue raising capital
through the public or private sale of securities in the Company. We may not,
however, be able to raise additional financing on terms that will be
satisfactory to us, or at all.

        If we are unable to raise additional capital, we will take one or more
of the following actions:

        -       delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our
                product research and development programs;

        -       reduce or eliminate our sponsored research programs, which may
                result in the forfeit of our rights to future technologies;

        -       obtain funds through licenses or arrangements with collaborative
                partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights to
                certain of our technologies, product candidates or products that
                we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize on our own.

        Based on our assessment of the availability of capital and the above
described actions, in the absence of new financing, we believe we will have
adequate resources to meet our 2002 obligations as they become due. At December
31, 2001, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $41,386,000 with
working capital of approximately $21,258,000 primarily representing the net
proceeds of our private placements of equity securities and our public
offerings, payments from BMS which included equity investments, royalties
received from Celgene, proceeds from secured borrowing, the sale of royalty
rights and various grants.

        From inception through December 31, 2001, we have financed our
operations primarily from:

                                       35
<PAGE>

        -       the net proceeds of approximately $17,000,000 from private
                placements of equity securities prior to being a public company;

        -       payments from Bristol-Myers Squibb of approximately $29,200,000
                (of which $11,500,000 was an equity investment);

        -       various grants of approximately $1,932,000 from the World Health
                Organization and SBIR;

        -       net royalty revenues of approximately $5,670,000 recognized from
                Celgene's sales of THALOMID(R);

        -       net proceeds of approximately $43,541,000 from our initial
                public offering;

        -       net proceeds of approximately $28,400,000 from a private
                offering completed on July 27, 1999 of 1,478,118 shares of our
                common stock, Series 1 Warrants and Series 2 Warrants.;

        -       net proceeds of $17,818,000 from exercise of Series 2 Warrants
                and $6,402,000 from exercise of Series 1 Warrants issued in
                connection with the July 27, 1999 private offering;

        -       proceeds of $3,000,000 from a borrowing in December 1999 secured
                by our equipment;

        -       net proceeds of approximately $20,680,000 from a public offering
                completed on June 19, 2000 of 1,000,000 shares of our common
                stock;

        -       net proceeds of approximately $24,382,000 from a public offering
                completed on March 2, 2001 of 1,450,000 shares of our common
                stock;

        -       net proceeds of approximately $1,529,000 from the March 28, 2001
                sale of 100,000 shares of our common stock resulting from the
                exercise of the underwriter over-allotment pursuant to the
                public offering completed on March 2, 2001;

        -       net proceeds of approximately $22,410,000 from the August 6,
                2001 sale of our right to receive future THALOMID(R) royalties;

        -       net proceeds of approximately $21,100,000 from a private
                offering completed on December 18, 2001 of 2,921,627 shares of
                our common stock and warrants; and

        -       proceeds of $5,000,000 from the sale of common stock to Allergan
                Inc. in January 2002.

        In addition to the items detailed above, on March 15, 2001 our
subsidiary MaxCyte received net proceeds of approximately $2,185,000 from the
issuance of convertible promissory notes with a maturity date of December 31,
2003. The notes accrue simple interest at 8% per annum, payable upon maturity.
The notes, plus the accrued interest, are convertible to common stock at any
time at the option of the holder and are subject to a mandatory conversion to
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of certain specified
events. Holders of the promissory notes also received warrants to purchase a
total of 10,925 shares of common stock of EntreMed.

        The Series 1 Warrants issued in connection with the private offering
completed on July 27, 1999 are terminable by us at any time after January 27,
2002 if our common stock trades at a per share price greater than $61.91 for ten
consecutive trading days and such Warrants are not exercised within a specified
period after our delivery of a written notice. If the remaining Series 1
Warrants were fully exercised, they would result in us receiving $18,001,000 in
aggregate exercise proceeds. We terminated the remaining Series 2 Warrants under
a similar provision on June 1, 2000.

        Our cash resources have been used to finance research and development,
including sponsored research, drug manufacturing for clinical trials, stock
repurchases, capital expenditures, including leasehold improvements to our
current facility, and general and administrative expenses. Over the next several
years, we expect to incur substantial additional research and development costs,
including costs related to early-stage research, preclinical and clinical
trials, product candidate manufacturing, increased administrative expenses to
support our research and development operations and increased capital
expenditures for expanded research capacity, various equipment needs and
facility improvements.

        At December 31, 2001, we were a party to the following agreements
requiring our funding: sponsored research in an aggregate of approximately
$1,694,000 through 2002 (including $750,000 to Children's Hospital, Boston);
clinical trials of approximately $1,202,000; manufacturing of product candidates
for clinical trials of approximately $3,000,000.

                                       36
<PAGE>

        In December 2000 and 1999, we exercised our option to repurchase shares
of our common stock from BMS for $13.143 per share. Shares repurchased totaled
291,666 and 291,667 for repurchase prices of $3,833,367 and $3,833,379 in 2000
and 1999 respectively. Shares repurchased from BMS are accounted for as treasury
stock. BMS' remaining 291,666 shares held in connection with the collaborative
research and development agreement are subject to certain restrictions and we
may exercise our right to repurchase these remaining shares for $13.143 per
share (approximately BMS' cost per share) at any time prior to November 30,
2001.

        In December 2001, BMS agreed not to sell the remaining shares until
December 1, 2002 unless the trading price of our stock exceeds a specified
threshold. In addition, BMS granted us a right of first offer and extended our
repurchase right until that time. We also may share some of the proceeds from
sales of the remaining shares with BMS. We guaranteed to either repurchase the
shares from BMS for $13.143 or pay to BMS the difference between the per share
sales price and $13.143 if the shares are sold at less than $13.143 during the
10 days after December 1, 2002.

INFLATION AND INTEREST RATE CHANGES

        Management does not believe that our working capital needs are sensitive
to inflation and changes in interest rates.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The table below sets forth our contractual obligations at December 31, 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS                                   PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Total          Less than 1      1-3 years        4 - 5 years     After 5 years
                                                                   year
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>               <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>
Debt                                          $3,278,000        1,006,000        2,272,000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Stock repurchase liability              1,368,000        1,368,000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Leases                               6,850,000         912,000         1,865,000         1,908,000        2,167,000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Clinical Trial Contracts                       1,202,000        1,202,000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Collaborative Research Contracts               1,694,000        1,556,000         138,000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contract Manufacturing                         3,000,000        3,000,000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Contractual Obligations                 $17,392,000       9,044,000        4,275,000         1,908,000        2,167,000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

ITEM 7(a)       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

        The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve our
capital until it is required to fund operations while at the same time
maximizing the income we receive from our investments without incurring
investment market volatility risk. Our investment income is sensitive to the
general level of U.S. interest rates. In this regard, changes in the U.S.
interest rates affect the interest earned our cash and cash equivalents. Due to
the short term nature of our cash and cash equivalent holdings, a 10% movement
in market interest rates would not materially impact on the total fair market
value of our portfolio as of December 31, 2001.

ITEM 8.         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        The response to this item is submitted in a separate section of this
report. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on Page F-1.

ITEM 9.         CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
                FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

                        None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10-13.     INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FROM THE COMPANY'S PROXY STATEMENTS

        The information called for by Item 10: Directors and Executive Officers
of the Registrant; Item 11: Executive Compensation; Item 12: Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management; and Item 13: Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions will be included in and is incorporated by reference
from the registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to
Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120 days after the
close of its fiscal year.

                                       37
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV


ITEM 14.        EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - See index to Consolidated Financial Statements.

2. Schedules

        All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not
applicable, not required under the instructions or all the information required
is set forth in the financial statements or notes thereto.

3. Exhibits

3.1(1)          Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of EntreMed,
                Inc.

3.1(a) (3)      Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation

3.1(b) (4)      Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of
                Incorporation of EntreMed, Inc.

3.2(1)          Form of Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated
                Certificate of Incorporation of EntreMed, Inc.

3.3(1)          By-laws of EntreMed, Inc.

4.1(8)          Form of Series 1 Warrant

4.2(8)          Form of Series 2 Warrant

10.1(1)         Research Collaboration and License Agreement, dated December 7,
                1995, between EntreMed, Inc. and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
                ("BMS")

10.2(1)         Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, dated December 7, 1995,
                between EntreMed, Inc. and BMS

10.3(1)         Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 7, 1995, between
                EntreMed, Inc. and BMS

10.4(1)         Research Agreement, dated September 29, 1993, between EntreMed,
                Inc. and Children's Hospital

10.5(1)         Amendment to Research Agreement, dated August 23, 1995, between
                EntreMed, Inc. and Children's Hospital

10.6(1)         License Agreement, dated May 26, 1994, between Children's
                Medical Center Corporation ("CMCC") and EntreMed, Inc.

10.7(1)         Amendment to License Agreement, dated August 23, 1995, between
                CMCC and EntreMed, Inc.

10.8(1)         License Agreement, dated May 26, 1994, between CMCC and
                EntreMed, Inc.

10.9(1)         Amendment to License Agreement, dated August 23, 1995, between
                CMCC and EntreMed, Inc.

                                       38
<PAGE>

10.10(1)        Licensing Agreement, dated November 5, 1992, between EntreMed,
                Inc. and CBRL

10.11(1)        1992 Stock Incentive Plan*

10.12(1)        Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Option Plan*

10.13(1)        Form of Stock Option Agreement*

10.14(2)        License Agreement between Children's Hospital Medical Center
                Corporation and EntreMed, Inc. signed December 5, 1996 regarding
                Endostatin protein, An Inhibitor of Angiogenesis

10.15(2)        License Agreement between Children's Hospital Medical Center
                Corporation and EntreMed, Inc. signed December 20, 1996
                regarding Estrogenic Compounds as Anti-Mitotic Agents

10.16(3)        Agreement between Bristol-Myers Squibb and EntreMed, Inc. signed
                August 5, 1997 regarding Termination of Collaborative Research
                and License Agreement with Respect to Thalidomide Products

10.17(3)        Amendment to the 1996 Stock Option Plan*

10.18(5)        License Agreement between Celgene Corporation and EntreMed, Inc.
                signed December 9, 1998 regarding thalidomide intellectual
                property

10.19(5)        Contract Manufacturing Agreement between Covance Biotechnology
                Services, Inc. and EntreMed, Inc. signed October 16, 1998
                regarding Endostatin protein

10.20(5)        Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 1999, between
                EntreMed, Inc. and John W. Holaday, Ph.D. *

10.21(5)        Lease Agreement between EntreMed, Inc. and Red Gate III Limited
                Partnership, dated June 10, 1998*

10.22(6)        1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan*

10.23(6)        Research Agreement, as amended and restated as of June 24, 1999,
                between EntreMed, Inc. and Children's Hospital

10.24(7)        Bioprocessing Services Agreement between Covance Biotechnology
                Services, Inc. and EntreMed, Inc., signed July 7,1999 regarding
                Angiostatin protein

10.25(7)        Letter of Intent between Covance Biotechnology Services, Inc.
                and EntreMed, Inc., dated August 30, 1999 regarding Endostatin
                protein

10.26(8)        Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 22,
                1999, by and among EntreMed, Inc. and the purchasers in the
                offering

10.27(8)        Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 27,
                1999, by and among EntreMed, Inc. and the purchasers in the
                offering

10.28(9)        Research Agreement, dated October 1, 1999, between EntreMed,
                Inc. and Children's Hospital

10.29(10)       Manufacturing Services Agreement between the Company and Chiron
                Corporation, dated April 13, 2000

                                       39
<PAGE>

10.30(11)       First Amendment to Research Agreement, dated December 6, 2000,
                between EntreMed, Inc. and Children's Hospital

10.31(12)       EntreMed, Inc. 2001 Long-Term Incentive Plan

10.39.1(13)     Purchase Agreement between Bioventure Investments kft and
                EntreMed, Inc., dated June 15, 2001+

10.39.2(13)     Amendment 1 to Purchase Agreement between Bioventure Investments
                kft and EntreMed, Inc., dated July 13, 2001

10.39.3(13)     Amendment 2 to Purchase Agreement between Bioventure Investments
                kft and EntreMed, Inc., dated July 30, 2001

10.39.4(13)     Amendment 3 to Purchase Agreement between Bioventure Investments
                kft and EntreMed, Inc., dated August 3, 2001

10.40(13)       Analog Agreement between Children's Medical Center Corporation
                and EntreMed, Inc., dated August 6, 2001+

10.41(14)       License Agreement by and between Allergan Sales, Inc. and
                EntreMed, Inc., effective January 19, 2002+

23.1            Consent of Independent Auditors

24.1            Power of Attorney

---------------------

*               Compensatory Plan, Contract or Arrangement.

+               Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted based upon a
                request for confidential treatment. The omitted portions have
                been filed with the Commission pursuant to our application for
                confidential treatment.

(1)             Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form
                S-1 (File No. 333-3536) declared effective by the Securities and
                Exchange Commission on June 11, 1996.

(2)             Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended
                December 31, 1996 previously filed with the Securities and
                Exchange Commission.

(3)             Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended
                December 31, 1997 previously filed with the Securities and
                Exchange Commission.

(4)             Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                September 30, 1998 previously filed with the Securities and
                Exchange Commission.

(5)             Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended
                December 31, 1998 previously filed with the Securities and
                Exchange Commission.

(6)             Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                June 30, 1999 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
                Commission.

(7)             Incorporated by reference our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                September 30, 1999 previously filed with the Securities and
                Exchange Commission.

                                       40
<PAGE>

(8)             Incorporated by reference our Form 8-K dated July 27,1999
                previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(9)             Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended
                December 31, 1999 previously filed with the Securities and
                Exchange Commission.

(10)            Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                June 30, 2000 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
                Commission.

(11)            Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended
                December 31, 2000 previously filed with the Securities and
                Exchange Commission.

(12)            Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed with the
                Securities and Exchange Commission on August 21, 2001.

(13)            Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                June 30, 2001 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
                Commission.

(14)            Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K/A filed with the
                Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2002.




(b)             The Company filed a Form 8-K with the Commission on December 19,
                2001, to report a private placement of our common stock and
                warrants to accredited investors.

                                       41
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                           ENTREMED, INC.


                                           By: /s/John W. Holaday, Ph.D.
                                               -------------------------
                                                 John W. Holaday, Ph.D.
                                                 Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer
                                                 March 11, 2002

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SIGNATURE                           TITLE                                       DATE
---------                           -----                                       ----
<S>                                 <C>                                         <C>
/s/John W. Holaday, Ph.D.           Chairman of the Board and                   March 12, 2002
-------------------------           Chief Executive Officer
John W. Holaday, Ph.D.              (principal executive officer)


/s/ Dane R. Saglio                  Chief Accounting Officer                    March 12, 2002
------------------                  (principal financial and
Dane R. Saglio                      accounting officer)


            *                       Director                                    March 12, 2002
-------------------------
Donald S. Brooks

                                    Director                                    March __, 2002
-------------------------
Jerry Finkelstein

            *                       Director                                    March 12, 2002
-------------------------
Jennie C. Hunter-Cevera

            *                       Director                                    March 12, 2002
-------------------------
Mark C. M. Randall

            *                       Director                                    March 12, 2002
-------------------------
Wendell M. Starke

            *                       Director                                    March 12, 2002
-------------------------
Peter S. Knight
</TABLE>

*By: /s/John W. Holaday, Ph.D.
     -------------------------
        John W. Holaday, Ph.D.
        Attorney-in-fact

                                       42
<PAGE>


                                 ENTREMED, INC.


The following consolidated financial statements of EntreMed, Inc. are included
in Item 8:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                           <C>
Report of Independent Auditors................................................................................F-1
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000..................................................F-2
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999....................F-3
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999..........F-4
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999....................F-5
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements....................................................................F-6
</TABLE>


                                                                             F-0
<PAGE>


                         Report of Independent Auditors

Board of Directors and Shareholders
EntreMed, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EntreMed, Inc.
as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2001. These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
EntreMed, Inc. at December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the consolidated results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States.



McLean, Virginia                                           /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
February 22, 2002


                                                                             F-1
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                         2001                     2000
                                                                                -------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                             <C>                       <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                       $    41,386,300          $    24,503,886
   Accounts receivable                                                                     177,158                1,473,383
   Interest receivable                                                                      57,038                    5,086
   Prepaid expenses and other                                                              371,155                  494,011
                                                                                -------------------------------------------------
Total current assets                                                                    41,991,651               26,476,366

Furniture and equipment, net                                                             4,186,079                4,576,483

Other assets                                                                                40,720                  357,563
                                                                                -------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                                                       $    46,218,450          $    31,410,412
                                                                                =================================================

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                                                $    16,309,238          $     8,562,671
   Accrued liabilities                                                                   2,050,822                1,787,416
   Current portion of notes payable                                                      1,005,727                  997,096
   Common stock repurchase liability                                                     1,367,914                        -
                                                                                -------------------------------------------------
Total current liabilities                                                               20,733,701               11,347,183

Notes payable, less current portion                                                              -                1,005,728
Long term debt                                                                           2,272,399                        -

Minority interest                                                                           17,452                   17,556

Stockholders' equity:

   Convertible preferred stock, $1.00 par and  $1.50 liquidation
      value:
      5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding at
        December 31, 2001 and 2000                                                               -                        -
   Common stock, $.01 par value:
      35,000,000 shares authorized, 21,777,330 and 17,237,155 shares
        issued and outstanding at December 31, 2001 and 2000,
        respectively                                                                       217,773                  172,371
   Treasury stock, at cost:  583,333 and 583,333 shares held at
      December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                                          (7,666,746)              (7,666,746)
   Additional paid-in capital                                                          205,013,706              157,521,715
   Deferred stock compensation                                                             (73,369)                       -
   Accumulated deficit                                                                (174,296,466)            (130,987,395)
                                                                                -------------------------------------------------
Total stockholders' equity                                                              23,194,898               19,039,945
                                                                                -------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                         $    46,218,450          $    31,410,412
                                                                                =================================================
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                             F-2
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                      Consolidated Statements of Operations


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                      2001                  2000                  1999
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>                   <C>                   <C>
Revenues:
   Collaborative research and development                        $    ---              $    ---              $  3,099,166
   Licensing                                                          ---                   ---                   403,333
   Grants                                                             358,427               401,477               339,087
   Royalties                                                        1,440,070             3,117,282             1,123,111
   Other                                                               63,444               153,016                52,853
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    1,861,941             3,671,775             5,017,550

Costs and expenses:
   Research and development                                        52,858,838            41,715,598            35,529,435
   General and administrative                                      15,815,353            12,673,851             8,028,922
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   68,674,191            54,389,449            43,558,357

Interest expense                                                     (344,969)             (241,451)              (22,270)
Investment income                                                   1,437,966             2,164,748             1,677,361
Gain on sale of royalty interest                                   22,410,182               ---                   ---
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------

Net loss                                                         $(43,309,071)         $(48,794,377)         $(36,885,716)
                                                                 ==========================================================

Net loss per share (basic and diluted)                           $      (2.39)         $      (3.04)         $      (2.67)
                                                                 ==========================================================
Weighted average number of shares outstanding (basic and
   diluted)                                                        18,093,174            16,057,047            13,801,220
                                                                 ==========================================================
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                             F-3
<PAGE>
                                 ENTREMED, INC.

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Common Stock                             Additional      Deferred
                                                      --------------------------     Treasury          Paid-in         Stock
                                                         Shares         Amount         Stock           Capital      Compensation
                                                      ------------    ----------    ------------    --------------  ------------
<S>                                                   <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance at December 31, 1998                           13,123,031     $ 131,230     $       -       $  78,364,136    $     -
      Issuance of common stock for options
        and warrants exercised                            154,849         1,549             -           1,091,987          -
      Sale of common stock at $20.362 per
        share, net of offering costs of
        approximately $1,675,143                        1,478,118        14,781             -          28,407,515          -
      Purchase of treasury shares at $13.143
        per share                                        (291,667)          -        (3,833,379)              -            -
      Net loss                                                -             -               -                 -
                                                      ------------    ----------    ------------    --------------   -----------

Balance at December 31, 1999                           14,464,331     $ 147,560     $(3,833,379)    $ 107,863,638    $     -
      Issuance of common stock for options
        and warrants exercised                          1,481,157        14,811             -          28,973,732          -
      Sale of common stock at $22.00 per
        share, net of offering costs of
        approximately $1,673,000                        1,000,000        10,000             -          20,317,284          -
      Recognition of non cash stock compensation              -             -               -             367,061          -
      Purchase of treasury shares at $13.143
        per share                                        (291,666)          -        (3,833,367)              -            -
      Net loss                                                -             -               -                 -
                                                      ------------    ----------    ------------    --------------   -----------

Balance at December 31, 2000                           16,653,822     $ 172,371     $(7,666,746)    $ 157,521,715    $     -
      Issuance of common stock for options
        and warrants exercised                             68,548           686             -             130,026          -
      Sale of common stock at $18.00 per
        share, net of offering costs of
        approximately $1,989,000                        1,550,000        15,500             -          25,895,269          -
      Sale of common stock at $7.75 per
        share, net of offering costs of
        approximately $1,547,000                        2,921,627        29,216             -          21,068,421          -
      Non cash stock compensation                             -             -               -              87,940          -
      Deferred Compensation - Option Grants                                                               203,825      (203,825)
      Amortization of deferred compensation                   -             -               -                 -         130,456
      Fair value of warrants issued                                         -                             106,510          -
      Net loss                                                -             -               -                 -
                                                      ------------    ----------    ------------    --------------   -----------

                                                      ------------    ----------    ------------    --------------   -----------
Balance at December 31, 2001                           21,193,997     $ 217,773     $(7,666,746)    $ 205,013,706    $ (73,369)
                                                      ============    ==========    ============    ==============   ===========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Accumulated
                                                         Deficit            Total
                                                      --------------    --------------
<S>                                                   <C>               <C>
Balance at December 31, 1998                          $ (45,307,302)    $  33,188,064
      Issuance of common stock for options
        and warrants exercised                                  -           1,093,536
      Sale of common stock at $20.362 per
        share, net of offering costs of
        approximately $1,675,143                                -          28,422,296
      Purchase of treasury shares at $13.143
        per share                                               -          (3,833,379)
      Net loss                                          (36,885,716)      (36,885,716)
                                                      --------------    --------------

Balance at December 31, 1999                          $ (82,193,018)    $  21,984,801
      Issuance of common stock for options
        and warrants exercised                                  -          28,988,543
      Sale of common stock at $22.00 per
        share, net of offering costs of
        approximately $1,673,000                                -          20,327,284
      Recognition of non cash stock compensation                -             367,061
      Purchase of treasury shares at $13.143
        per share                                               -          (3,833,367)
      Net loss                                          (48,794,377)      (48,794,377)
                                                      --------------    --------------

Balance at December 31, 2000                          $(130,987,395)    $  19,039,945
      Issuance of common stock for options
        and warrants exercised                                  -             130,712
      Sale of common stock at $18.00 per
        share, net of offering costs of
        approximately $1,989,000                                -          25,910,769
      Sale of common stock at $7.75 per
        share, net of offering costs of
        approximately $1,547,000                                -          21,097,637
      Recognition of non cash stock compensation                -              87,940
      Deferred Compensation - Option Grants                                       -
      Amortization of deferred compensation                     -             130,456
      Fair value of warrants issued                             -             106,510
      Net loss                                          (43,309,071)      (43,309,071)
                                                      --------------    --------------

                                                      --------------    --------------
Balance at December 31, 2001                          $(174,296,466)    $  23,194,898
                                                      ==============    ==============
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                             F-4
<PAGE>

                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                2001               2000              1999
                                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                       <C>                <C>               <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net loss                                                                    $(43,309,071)      $(48,794,377)     $(36,885,716)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating
   activities:
      Depreciation and amortization                                            1,376,187          1,077,667           902,131

      Loss on equity investment                                                  342,269            366,790           232,000
      Recognition of non-cash stock compensation                                 218,396            367,061             -
      Non-cash interest expenses                                                 189,142              -                 -
      Common stock repurchase liability                                        1,367,914              -                 -
      Gain on sale of royalty interest                                       (22,410,182)             -                 -
      Minority interest                                                             (104)            (1,090)            4,239
      Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
        Accounts receivable                                                    1,296,225           (854,785)         (506,215)
        Interest receivable                                                      (51,952)           100,396            81,445
        Prepaid expenses and other                                                97,431           (139,840)           29,653
        Accounts payable                                                       7,746,567          3,674,979         2,794,676
        Accrued liabilities                                                      263,406             30,878           423,856
        Deferred revenue                                                           -                (75,000)       (2,870,833)
                                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used by operating activities                                        (52,873,772)       (44,247,321)      (35,794,764)

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from sale of royalty interest, net                                   22,410,182              -                 -
Maturities of short-term investments                                               -                  -             4,352,371
Purchases of furniture and equipment                                            (985,783)        (1,640,365)       (1,936,679)
                                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used) in investing activities                           21,424,399         (1,640,365)        2,415,692

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Net proceeds from sale of common stock                                        47,139,118         49,315,827        29,515,832
Proceeds from issuance of note payable                                             -                  -             3,000,000
Purchase of treasury stock                                                         -             (3,833,367)       (3,833,379)
Payment of principle on note payable                                            (997,097)        (1,118,123)          (94,835)
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                       2,189,766              -                 -
                                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                                     48,331,787         44,364,337        28,587,618

                                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          16,882,414         (1,523,349)       (4,791,454)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                24,503,886         26,027,235        30,818,689
                                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                    $ 41,386,300        $24,503,886       $26,027,235
                                                                        ======================================================

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Interest paid                                                               $    155,827        $   263,721       $     -
                                                                        ======================================================
</TABLE>


                                                                             F-5
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

EntreMed, Inc. ("Entremed" or the "Company") is a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company developing angiogenic therapeutics that inhibit
abnormal blood vessel growth associated with a broad range of diseases such as
cancer, blindness and arteriosclerosis. EntreMed has three primary drug
candidates: Endostatin, Angiostatin and Panzem(TM), in clinical trials and has
a pipeline of new proteins, genes and small molecules. The principle elements
of the company's strategy are: (i) to focus its resources on current core
technologies; (ii) to deepen its product and technology portfolio and to
accelerate development through collaborations and sponsored research programs
with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities and government
laboratories; (iii) to augment product development with its in-house research
and development capabilities and (iv) to leverage its resources through
corporate partnerships in order to minimize cost and accelerate effective
product commercialization. The Company's primary product candidates are in the
development stage, including clinical trials, and require further research,
development, testing and regulatory clearances.

EntreMed's majority owned subsidiary, MaxCyte, Inc. (formerly TheraMed, Inc.),
develops targeted therapeutic products to treat severe and chronic diseases,
including cancer, serious infections, cardiovascular disease and genetic
disorders, based on its proprietary technology that uses blood cells for drug
and non-viral gene delivery. This blood cell permeation device enhances the
ability of red blood cells to deliver oxygen to organs and tissues and may also
be used to deliver drugs, genes or other therapeutic agents that otherwise would
not readily diffuse through blood cell membranes.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of 85%
owned subsidiary, Cytokine Sciences, Inc. and 96.6% owned subsidiary MaxCyte,
Inc. MaxCyte was formed in July 1998 as a wholly owned subsidiary and on April
1, 2000 was capitalized with $40,000 in cash including $1,000 from a MaxCyte
officer. In addition, the Company agreed to contribute certain technology and
provide additional funding in exchange for preferred stock. TheraMed was renamed
MaxCyte in October 2001. The Company provides facility and administrative
services for which MaxCyte is obligated to repay us. All intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


                                                                             F-6
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company currently operates in one business segment, which is the development
of angiogenic therapeutics that inhibit abnormal blood vessel growth associated
with a broad range of diseases such as cancer, blindness and arteriosclerosis.
The Company is managed and operated as one business. A single management team
that reports to the Chief Executive Officer comprehensively manages the entire
business. The Company does not operate separate lines of business with respect
to its products or product candidates. Accordingly, the Company does not have
separately reportable segments as defined by FASB Statement No. 131, Disclosures
about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and other
expenses related to research and development personnel, research collaborations,
costs associated with pre-clinical testing and clinical trials of our product
candidates, including the costs of manufacturing the product candidates, and
facilities expenses. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

PATENT COSTS

Costs incurred in filing, defending and maintaining patents are expensed as
incurred. Such costs aggregated approximately $2,350,000, $1,298,000 and
$1,068,000 in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.


                                                                             F-7
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT

Furniture and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated over their
estimated useful lives of 5 to 10 years. Depreciation is determined on a
straight-line basis. Substantially all of the Company's furniture and equipment
serve as collateral for a note (see Note 7). Furniture and equipment consist of
the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        DECEMBER 31
                                               2001                     2000
                                         ----------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>                   <C>
Furniture and equipment                   $   8,962,045            $   7,976,261
Less:  accumulated depreciation              (4,775,966)              (3,399,778)
                                         ----------------------------------------
                                          $   4,186,079            $   4,576,483
                                         ========================================
</TABLE>

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash and cash equivalents include cash and short-term investments with original
maturities of less than 90 days. Substantially all of the Company's cash
equivalents are held in short-term money market accounts of banks and brokerage
houses.

INCOME TAXES

Income taxes have been provided using the liability method in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income
Taxes.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

Royalties from licenses are based on third-party sales and recorded as earned in
accordance with contract terms, when third-party results are reliably measured
and collectibility is reasonably assured. The majority of our royalty income is
from Celgene on the sale of THALOMID(R).

Malaria Grant Revenue - The Company receives government grants for the
development of potential malaria vaccines. Grants are funded in specific amounts
based on funding requests submitted to the grantor. Grant revenues are
recognized and realized at the time that research and development activities are
performed.


                                                                             F-8
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


NET LOSS PER SHARE

Net loss per share (basic and diluted) was computed by dividing net loss by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock
equivalents were anti-dilutive and, therefore were not included in the
computation of weighted average shares used in computing diluted loss per share.


COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

Under Financial Accounting Standard No. 130 ("SFAS 130"), Reporting
Comprehensive Income, the Company is required to display comprehensive loss and
its components as part of the consolidated financial statements. Comprehensive
loss is comprised of the net loss and other comprehensive income (loss), which
includes certain changes in equity that are excluded from net loss.
Comprehensive loss for the Company was the same as net loss for all years
presented.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

The Company recognizes expense for stock-based compensation arrangements in
accordance with the provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and related Interpretations.
Disclosures regarding alternative fair values of measurement and recognition
methods prescribed by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123,
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation (SFAS No. 123) are presented in Note 7.
Accordingly, compensation cost is recognized for the excess of the estimated
fair value of the stock at the grant date over the exercise price, if any. The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance
with EITF 96-18, Accounting for Equity Instruments that are Issued to Other Than
Employees for Acquiring. Or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods, or Services.


                                                                             F-9
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 141,
Business Combinations, and SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001. Under the new
rules, goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives will no
longer be amortized but will be subject to annual impairment tests in accordance
with the Statements. Other intangible assets will continue to be amortized over
their useful lives. The adoption of these accounting pronouncements is not
expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial statements.

In October 2001, the FASB issued FAS 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." FAS 144 supersedes FAS 121, "Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of."
The primary objectives of FAS 144 are to develop the accounting model based on
the framework established in FAS 121 for long-lived assets to be disposed of by
sale, and to address significant implementation issues. Our adoption of FAS 144
on January 1, 2002 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial
position and results of operations.

USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from
those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial
statements.


2. MANAGEMENT'S PLANS

To date, we have been engaged primarily in research and development activities.
As a result we have experienced and expect to continue to incur operating losses
for 2002 and the foreseeable future before we commercialize any products. To
accomplish our business plans, we will be required to continue to conduct
substantial development activities for all of our proposed products.
Expenditures on these activities are expected to approximate $41,000,000 in
2002.

In 2002 we plan to fund the following development activities as part of the
$41,000,000 discussed above; sponsored research of approximately $5,000,000,
clinical trials of approximately $5,000,000 and manufacturing of product
candidates for clinical trials of approximately $15,000,000. In addition, under
the terms of certain license agreements, we must be diligent in bringing
potential products to market and would make future milestone payments of up to
$2,685,000. If we fail to comply with the milestones or fail to make


                                                                            F-10
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


2. MANAGEMENT'S PLANS (CONTINUED)

any required sponsored research or milestone payment, we could face the
termination of the relevant sponsored research or license agreement, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business.

Although we have received license fees and research and development funding from
a former collaborator, limited revenues on royalties from sales of THALOMID(R)
and certain research grants, we have not derived significant revenues from
operations. We intend to pursue strategic relationships to provide resources for
the further development of our product candidates. We are currently involved in
discussion with several potential partners although there is no assurance that
any type of relationship will result.

Management has prepared a business plan for 2002, which assumes that the Company
will obtain additional capital financing sufficient to fund its planned
operations. We have raised $5,000,000 in cash through the sale of stock
subsequent to December 31, 2001. We will continue to pursue raising capital
through the public or private sale of securities of the Company. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to raise additional financing or that if such
financing is available, that the terms of the financing will be satisfactory to
us.

If we are unable to raise additional capital, we will take one or more of the
following actions:

        -       delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our
                product research and development programs;

        -       reduce or eliminate our sponsored research programs which may
                result in the forfeit of our rights to future technologies;

        -       obtain funds through licenses or arrangements with collaborative
                partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights to
                certain of our technologies, product candidates or products that
                we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize on our own.

Based on our assessment of the availability of capital and the above described
actions, in the absence of new financing, we believe we will have adequate
resources to meet our 2002 obligations as they become due.


                                                                            F-11
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


3. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company receives legal services from two law firms with which two of the
Company's directors and officers are associated. The cost of these amounted to
$3,455,000, $2,023,000 and $1,117,000 for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999, respectively.


4. SPONSORED RESEARCH PROGRAM AGREEMENTS

The Company has entered into several agreements to sponsor external research
programs. The Company's primary external research program agreement was entered
into in September 1993 with the Children's Hospital, in Boston, Massachusetts,
an entity affiliated with Harvard Medical School ("Children's Hospital,
Boston"). Under this sponsored research agreement the Company agreed to pay
Children's Hospital, Boston $11,000,000 over a six year period to support
research on the role of angiogenesis in pathological conditions. In accordance
with the terms of this sponsored research agreement, the total $11,000,000 was
fully paid in March 1999.

In June 1999, the Company signed a new agreement with Children's Hospital,
Boston. Under this sponsored research agreement, the Company agreed to pay
Children's Hospital, Boston $1,400,000 to continue the research on the role of
angiogenesis in pathological conditions. In accordance with the terms of this
sponsored research agreement, $700,000 had been paid as of December 31, 1999,
and the remaining $700,000 was fully paid on March 29, 2000. The agreement was
renewed in September 2000 and 2001 with the Company agreeing to pay $1,500,000
each year to Children's Hospital, Boston. As of December 31, 2000 and 2001,
$750,000 of each annual commitment has been paid and the remaining amount is due
in March of the following year. This sponsored research agreement gives the
Company an option to negotiate a worldwide, royalty-bearing license for
technology resulting from the research at Children's Hospital, Boston in areas
covered by the agreement. Amounts due under the sponsored research agreement
with Children's Hospital, Boston, which is cancelable by the Company at any time
or by Children's Hospital, Boston upon one year prior written notice, are paid
in advance every six months and are expensed as paid as research and development
costs.

In 2000, the Company entered into Several Clinical Trial agreements. Phase I
trials are concerned primarily with the safety and preliminary effectiveness of
the drug being tested. As of December 31, 2000, the Company had patients
enrolled in Phase I trials for Endostatin, Panzem(TM) and Angiostatin. In 2001,
the Company entered into


                                                                            F-12
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


4. SPONSORED RESEARCH PROGRAM AGREEMENTS (CONTINUED)

additional Phase I and Phase II Clinical Trial agreements. Patient enrollment
commenced and continues for both the Phase I and the Phase II Clinical Trials.
Phase II trials are concerned primarily with the effectiveness in treating or
diagnosing the disease or condition for which the drug is intended, although
short term side effects and risks in people whose health is impaired may also be
examined. As of December 31, 2001, the Company had patients enrolled in Phase I
trials for Angiostatin and both Phase I and Phase II trials for Endostatin and
Panzem(TM). The Company's payment obligations vary between clinical trial
agreements.

As of December 31, 2001, the Company's total commitments for external research
programs and clinical trials are as follows:


<TABLE>
                <S>                                 <C>
                2002                                $ 1,556,421
                2003                                     98,040
                2004                                     39,560
                                                    -----------
                TOTAL SPONSORED RESEARCH              1,694,021
                CLINICAL TRIAL COMMITMENTS            1,201,929
                                                    -----------
                TOTAL COMMITMENTS                   $ 2,895,950
                                                    ===========
</TABLE>


5. COLLABORATIVE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

In December 1995, the Company and Bristol-Myers Squibb entered into a
collaboration to develop and commercialize certain antiangiogenic therapeutics
("Original BMS Collaboration"). The Original BMS Collaboration provided for
Bristol-Myers Squibb to fund the Company's research, provided for milestone
payments to the Company, and provided for the payments to the Company of
royalties on net sales of any products developed under the Original BMS
Collaboration. In return, the Company granted Bristol-Myers Squibb exclusive
worldwide rights held by the Company, to antiangiogenic applications of
thalidomide, thalidomide analogs and the Angiostatin protein and a five-year
right of first refusal to negotiate for commercial rights with respect to the
development of any technology licensed, or to be licensed, by the Company from
Children's Hospital, Boston, in the field of antiangiogenic therapeutics. In
August 1997, the Company reacquired the commercial rights to thalidomide in
exchange for renewing Bristol-Myers Squibb's warrant to purchase an additional
$10,000,000 of the Company's common stock as described below. In October 1998,
Bristol-Myers


                                                                            F-13
<PAGE>



                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


5. COLLABORATIVE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (CONTINUED)

Squibb relinquished the rights to thalidomide analogs. In February 1999, the
Company assumed all responsibility for preclinical and clinical work on the
Angiostatin protein.

Bristol-Myers Squibb terminated the Original BMS Collaboration February 9, 1999
and had no further funding obligation to the Company after August 9, 1999.

Concurrent with the signing of the Original BMS Collaboration, the Company
issued Bristol-Myers Squibb 541,666 shares of common stock for aggregate cash
proceeds of $6,500,000. Bristol-Myers Squibb also purchased 333,333 shares of
additional common stock of the Company at the initial public offering price of
$15 per share, or a total of $5,000,000, at the time the Company completed its
initial public offering in June 1996 and was granted the right to purchase an
additional $10,000,000 of the Company's common stock at $22.50 per share, or
444,444 shares from the Company at any time up to June 19, 1997. This warrant
expired without exercise in November 1997.

In 1999, the Company recognized approximately $3,482,000 in revenue, and
incurred costs of approximately $3,482,000 related to the Original BMS
Collaboration.


6. LICENSE AGREEMENTS

On December 9, 1998, the Company entered into a license agreement with Celgene
Corporation ("Celgene") whereby the Company granted Celgene an exclusive license
to certain of the Company's thalidomide patents. In exchange for this license,
Celgene agreed to pay royalties to the Company on sales of any product which
contains thalidomide. The royalties vary based on the volume of Celgene's sales.
Celgene also assumed certain milestone payment obligations to Children's
Hospital, Boston related to the license of thalidomide. In accordance with our
1998 collaborative sublicensing agreement for thalidomide with Celgene, we
recognized net royalty revenues from Celgene's sales of thalidomide
(THALOMID(R)) of approximately $1,438,000 for the year ended December 31, 2001,
a decrease of approximately 54% from approximately $3,115,000 in 2000. The 2000
amount was an increase of 177% from approximately $1,123,000 in 1999.

Pursuant to a purchase agreement dated June 14, 2001 by and between Bioventure
Investments kft ("Bioventure") and the Company, as amended July 13, 2001, July
30, 2001 and August 3, 2001 (the "Purchase Agreement"), Bioventure purchased as
of August 6, 2001 all of our right, title and interest to the net royalty
payments payable by Celgene Corporation ("Celgene") to the Company under the
agreement dated as of December 9, 1998 by and between the Company and Celgene
(the "Celgene Sublicense"). In consideration for such sale, the Company
recorded a $22.6 million gain and has the right to receive a future payment of
$3 million under certain circumstances, and


                                                                            F-14
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



6. LICENSE AGREEMENTS (CONTINUED)


the right to receive additional contingent consideration in the event that sales
of Thalidomide satisfy specified thresholds.


7. NOTES PAYABLE

In July 1999, the Company entered into a note payable with a financing company
for approximately $216,000. The note bore interest at a rate of 6.26% per annum
and was fully paid in January 2000.

In December 1999, the Company entered into a $3,000,000 note payable with a
financing company secured by substantially all of the Company's furniture and
equipment. The term of the note is three years and bears interest at a rate of
10.027% per annum. The note matures in 2002 and has a remaining principle
balance of $1,005,727 at December 31, 2001.

In March 2001, our subsidiary MaxCyte received net proceeds of approximately
$2,185,000 from the issuance of convertible promissory notes with a maturity
date of December 31, 2003. The notes accrue simple interest at 8% per annum,
payable upon maturity. The notes, plus the accrued interest, are convertible to
common stock of MaxCyte at any time at the option of the holder and are subject
to a mandatory conversion to Series B Convertible Preferred Stock upon the
occurrence of certain specified events. Holders of the promissory notes also
received warrants valued at approximately $106,000 to purchase a total of
10,925 shares of common stock of EntreMed.

8. INCOME TAXES

The Company has net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes of
approximately $186,927,000 at December 31, 2001 ($143,187,000 at December 31,
2000) that expire in years 2007 through 2021. The Company also has research and
development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $8,788,000 as of December
31, 2001 that expire in years 2008 through 2016. These net operating loss
carryforwards include approximately $19,792,000, related to exercises of stock
options for which the income tax benefit, if realized, would increase
additional paid-in capital. The utilization of the net operating loss and
research and development carryforwards may be limited in future years due to
changes in ownership of the Company pursuant to Internal Revenue Code


                                                                            F-15
<PAGE>

                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



8. INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)

Section 382. For financial reporting purposes, a valuation allowance has been
recognized to reduce the net deferred tax assets to zero due to uncertainties
with respect to the Company's ability to generate taxable income in the future
sufficient to realize the benefit of deferred income tax assets.

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effect of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the
Company's deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2001 and
2000 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                      2001                     2000
                                                           ------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>                       <C>
Deferred income tax assets (liabilities):
   Net operating loss carryforwards                          $       70,452,000       $       53,832,000
   Research and development credit carryforward                       8,788,000                6,077,000
   Deferred revenues                                                     55,000                   62,000
   Equity investment                                                     50,000                   50,000
   Non-qualified stock options                                        2,198,000                2,198,000
   Other                                                                276,000                  401,000
   Depreciation                                                        (126,000)                 (56,000)
   Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets               (81,694,000)             (62,564,000)
                                                           ------------------------------------------------
Net deferred income tax assets                               $                -       $                -
                                                           ================================================
</TABLE>


                                                                            F-16
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



8. INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)


A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the federal statutory rate
is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     2001             2000             1999
                                 ----------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>              <C>              <C>
Tax benefit at statutory rate    $(14,725,000)    $(16,590,000)    $(12,542,000)
State taxes                        (1,728,000)      (1,945,000)      (1,475,000)
Tax credits                        (2,712,000)      (2,074,000)      (1,623,000)
Permanent differences                  35,000       (1,474,000)          23,000
Valuation allowance                19,130,000       22,083,000       15,617,000
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                 $          -     $          -     $          -
                                 ==============================================
</TABLE>


9. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

In July 1999, the Company completed a private offering of 1,478,118 shares of
its common stock, Series 1 Warrants to purchase a total of 739,059 shares of
common stock at an exercise price of $33.02 and Series 2 Warrants to purchase a
total of 739,059 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $25.45,
resulting in gross proceeds, prior to the deduction of fees and commissions, of
approximately $30.1 million (net proceeds of $28.4 million). In June 2000, the
Company exercised its right to terminate Series 2 Warrants not exercised within
a specified period after delivery of written notice. In accordance with the
Warrant provisions 38,919 Series 2 Warrants were terminated and 700,123 were
exercised resulting in net proceeds of $17,818,000. Series 1 Warrants issued in
connection with the July 27, 1999 private offering contain a similar provision.
As of December 31, 2001, the Company had not terminated Series 1 Warrants and
had received $6,402,000 from the exercise of 193,902 Series 1 Warrants. As of
December 31, 2001, there were 545,157 Series 1 Warrants outstanding.

In June 2000, the Company completed a public offering of 1,000,000 shares of its
common stock resulting in gross proceeds, prior to the deduction of fees and
commissions, of approximately $22 million (net proceeds of $20.7 million).

In March 2001, the Company completed a public offering of 1,550,000 shares of
its common stock resulting in gross proceeds, prior to the deduction of fees and
commissions of approximately $27.9 million (net proceeds of $25.9 million).


                                                                            F-17
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


9. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)


In December 2001, the Company completed a private placement of 2,921,627 shares
of its common stock and warrants to purchase a total of 730,413 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of $11.81, resulting in gross proceeds, prior to the
deduction of fees and commissions of approximately $22.6 million (net proceeds
of $21.1 million).

In December 2000 and 1999, the Company exercised its option to repurchase
291,666 and 291,667 of its common shares from Bristol-Myers Squibb for $13.143
a share at a total repurchase price of $3,833,367 and $3,833,379, respectively.
Bristol-Myers Squibb's remaining shares held in connection with the
collaborative research and development agreement are subject to certain
restrictions, including future repurchase rights by the Company which were to
terminate in December 2001. The repurchase rights were extended for a period of
one year in exchange for the company's guarantee to either repurchase the
shares for $13.143 or pay to bms the difference between $13.143 and the per
share sales price, in the event that the shares are sold, pursuant to the
agreement, at less than $13.143. The Company's repurchase liability for the
common stock was $1.4 million at December 31, 2001.


10. STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

In 1992, 1996, 1999 and 2001, the Company adopted incentive and nonqualified
stock option plans whereby 6,983,333 shares of the Company's common stock were
reserved for grants to various executive, scientific and administrative
personnel of the Company as well as outside directors and consultants, of which
826,501 shares remain available for grant as of December 31, 2001. These options
vest over periods varying from immediately to four years and generally expire 10
years from the date of grant. During 2001, the Company incurred compensation
expense of $144,000 due to the extension of the terms of certain granted
options.

Pro forma information regarding net income and loss per share is required by
SFAS 123, and has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its
employee stock options under the fair value method subsequent to December 31,
1994. The fair values for these options were estimated at the dates of grant
using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions for 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively: risk-free interest rates of
4.4%, 6.0% and 6.0%; no dividend yields; volatility factors of the expected
market price of the Company's common stock of .85, 1.14 and 1.04; and a
weighted-average expected life of an option of 6 years in each case.


                                                                            F-18
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



10. STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS (CONTINUED)

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because
the Company's employee stock options have characteristics significantly
different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's
opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair values of the options
and warrants are amortized to expense over the vesting period. The weighted
average fair value per option granted in 2001, 2000 and 1999 was $8.07, $21.40
and $18.60, respectively. The Company's pro forma information follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                2001                  2000               1999
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>                    <C>                 <C>
Pro forma net loss                         $ (56,854,044)         $(59,479,716)      $(45,705,251)
Pro forma loss per share                   $       (3.14)         $      (3.70)      $      (3.31)
</TABLE>


                                                                            F-19
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



10. STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS (CONTINUED)


A summary of the Company's stock options and warrants granted to employees and
directors and related information for the years ended December 31 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Weighted Average
                                                               Number of Options     Exercise Price
                                                            ----------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                     <C>
Outstanding at January 1, 1999                                       2,650,689            $9.85
   Exercised                                                           (80,849)           $9.56
   Granted                                                           1,176,406           $22.10
   Canceled                                                            (46,240)          $18.76
                                                            --------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 1999                                     3,700,006           $13.64
   Exercised                                                          (488,008)           $6.26
   Granted                                                             874,075           $24.80
   Canceled                                                            (41,585)          $24.87
                                                            --------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2000                                     4,044,488           $16.61
   Exercised                                                           (68,548)           $1.91
   Granted                                                           1,859,453           $10.93
   Canceled                                                           (101,691)          $20.86
                                                            --------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2001                                     5,733,702           $14.86
                                                            ====================
Exercisable at December 31, 2001                                     3,814,467           $15.31
                                                            ====================
</TABLE>


                                                                            F-20
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


10. STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS (CONTINUED)

The following summarizes information about stock options and warrants granted to
employees and directors outstanding at December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Options Outstanding                                   Options Exercisable
                          ------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------
                                                      Weighted
                                                       Average                Weighted                                    Weighted
                                   Number             Remaining               Average                  Number              Average
        Range of                 Outstanding         Contractual              Exercise              Exercisable           Exercise
    Exercise Prices              at 12/31/01        Life in Years              Price                at 12/31/01             Price
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>                     <C>                    <C>                  <C>                       <C>
     $0.00 - $9.35                1,724,295              7.3                    $7.92                  826,310              $6.77
     $9.36 - $18.70               2,639,959              6.8                   $13.76                1,962,418             $13.64
    $18.71 - $28.05                 991,426              6.3                   $23.72                  761,404             $23.53
    $28.06 - $37.40                 352,273              7.7                   $29.48                  251,461             $29.61
    $37.41 - $46.75                   2,200              8.1                   $41.81                    1,100             $41.81
    $46.76 - $56.10                  22,400              8.3                   $52.46                   11,200             $52.46
    $56.11 - $65.45                   1,150              8.2                   $58.31                      575             $58.31

                          --------------------                                               ---------------------
                                  5,733,703              6.9                   $14.86                3,814,468             $15.31
                          ====================                                               =====================
</TABLE>

The Company also granted 50,000 and 83,334 options to purchase common stock at
$6.38 and $6.00 per share during 1995 and 1993, respectively, to Children's
Hospital, Boston in connection with a sponsored research agreement. These
options are not covered by the incentive and nonqualified stock option plan and
are included in the table below.


                                                                            F-21
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements




10. STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS (CONTINUED)

In addition, the Company has granted warrants valued at approximately $100,000
to consultants and certain third parties. Warrants granted generally expire
after 5 years from the date of grant. Stock warrant activity to non-employees
is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Weighted Average
                                                               Number of Shares           Exercise Price
                                                            --------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                      <C>
Outstanding at January 1, 1999                                         197,567                 $8.30
   Granted                                                           1,544,425                $28.85
   Exercised                                                           (74,000)                $7.34
                                                            ------------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 1999                                     1,667,992                $27.37
   Granted                                                              23,241                $22.97
   Exercised                                                          (992,946)               $25.94
   Cancelled                                                           (38,919)               $25.45
                                                            ------------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2000                                       659,368                $29.39
   Granted                                                             746,263                $11.75
                                                            ------------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2001                                     1,405,631                $27.20
                                                            ========================
Exercisable at December 31, 2001                                     1,405,631                $27.20
                                                            ========================
</TABLE>

11. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash
equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable and
notes payable approximate their fair values.


12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Contingencies

We were a defendant in a lawsuit initiated in August 1995 in the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee by Bolling, McCool & Twist
("BMT"), a consulting firm. In the suit, BMT asserted that we breached an
agreement between BMT and us by failing to pay BMT certain fees that allegedly
were owed under the agreement.


                                                                            F-22
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

In January of 2002, the parties settled the lawsuit with EntreMed making a
payment, within amounts previously reserved, to BMT. In addition, if EntreMed
should receive certain payments from Bristol-Myers Squibb under an existing
agreement between EntreMed and Bristol-Myers, BMT would receive one percent of
those payments.

On May 30, 2000, Abbott Laboratories filed a law suit against Children's Medical
Center Corporation and us in the Federal District Court in Massachusetts
requesting, among other things, that the court substitute Dr. Donald Davidson as
inventor on Children's U.S. Patent No. 4,854,221 which covers use of the Kringle
5 region of the plasminogen molecule as an anti-angiogenic agent and a
declaratory judgment from the court to invalidate any agreement between
Children's Hospital and EntreMed regarding this patent. Abbott also filed a
claim for misappropriation of trade secrets related to the Kringle 5 molecule
seeking actual and punitive damages from the defendants. On July 18, 2000, we
filed counterclaims against Abbott Laboratories including tortuous interference
with contract and a declaratory judgement that Abbott's patent covering Kringle
5 is invalid and that Children's patent covering Kringle 5 is valid. The lawsuit
is in the discovery phase. Although we do not currently believe that the Abbott
lawsuit will have a material impact on the operations of the company, and we
intend to vigorously contest the allegations raised in the lawsuit, there is a
risk that Children's patent or any agreement with Children's with respect to the
use of the patent could be invalidated or found not to exist.

The Abbott lawsuit is not directed to nor does the suit affect our Angiostatin
molecule, Kringles 1-3 of the plasminogen molecule, that is currently in Phase I
clinical trials.


Commitments

In May 1994, the Company entered into two license agreements, whereby the
Company acquired the exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing licenses to make,
use, and sell Angiostatin, thalidomide and thalidomide analogs, all inhibitors
of angiogenesis developed by Children's Hospital, Boston. In consideration for
receiving the rights, the Company must pay a royalty on any sublicensing fees,
as defined in the agreements, to Children's Hospital, Boston. The Company is
also required to pay certain amounts upon the attainment of certain milestones.
The milestone payments aggregate $2,650,000, of which $915,000 has been paid to
date, and are based upon license fees and achievement of regulatory approvals.
Pursuant to a purchase agreement dated June 14, 2001 by and between Bioventure
Investments kft ("Bioventure") and the Company, as amended July


                                                                            F-23
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)


13, 2001, July 30, 2001 and August 3, 2001 (the "Purchase Agreement"),
Bioventure purchased as of August 6, 2001 all of our right, title and interest
to the net royalty payments payable by Celgene Corporation ("Celgene") to the
Company under the agreement dated as of December 9, 1998 by and between the
Company and Celgene (the "Celgene Sublicense"). In consideration for such sale,
the Company recorded $22.6 million gain and has the right to receive a future
payment of $3 million under certain circumstances and the right to receive
additional contingent consideration in the event that sales of Thalidomide
satisfy specified thresholds.

In addition, in 1996, the Company entered into two license agreements with
Children's Hospital, Boston for the exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing
licenses to make, use and sell Endostatin and 2-Methoxyestradiol, both
inhibitors of angiogenesis. In consideration for receiving the rights, the
Company must pay a royalty on any sublicensing fees, as defined in the
agreements, to Children's Hospital, Boston. Each agreement obligates the Company
to pay up to $1,000,000 "upon the attainment of certain milestones." As of
December 31, 2001, the Company has paid $300,000 under these agreements.

These license agreements require the Company to pay Children's Hospital, Boston
a specified percentage of the royalty income received on the first $100 million
in net sales of the licensed products, and an increased percentage thereafter,
with a minimum payment based on a percentage of net sales of the licensed
products by any sublicensees.

The Company has also entered into an agreement with a bioprocessing services
firm for the production of materials to be used in the Company's research
activities, including its clinical trials. As of December 31, 2001, the Company
is committed to materials production costs in the year 2002 of an estimated
$3,000,000.


                                                                            F-24
<PAGE>
                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)


The Company leases its primary facilities through February 2009. The lease
agreement provides for escalation of the lease payments over the term of the
lease, however, rent expense is recognized under the straight-line method.
Additionally, the Company leases office equipment under operating leases. The
future minimum payments under its facilities and equipment leases as of December
31, 2001 are as follows:

<TABLE>
          <S>                                   <C>
          2002                                      $  912,000
          2003                                         922,400
          2004                                         941,100
          2005                                         945,200
          2006                                         962,600
          Thereafter                                 2,166,700
                                                -----------------
          Total minimum payments                    $6,850,000
                                                =================
</TABLE>

Rental expense for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 was
$903,000, $857,000, and $751,000, respectively.


13. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT PLAN

The Company sponsors the EntreMed, Inc. 401(k) and Trust. The plan covers
substantially all employees and enables participants to contribute a portion of
salary and wages on a tax-deferred basis. Contributions to the plan by the
Company are discretionary. Contributions by the Company totaled $215,294 in 2001
and $160,549 in 2000. No employer contributions were made in 1999.

14. SUBSEQUENT EVENT

We recently have entered into a five-year strategic alliance with Allergan, a
leader in ophthalmic research and development and pharmaceutical products, to
develop and commercialize small molecule angiogenic inhibitors for treatment and
prevention of diseases and conditions of the eye. Panzem(TM) is the first small
molecule to be licensed, developed and marketed under this agreement. Allergan
and EntreMed will co-develop Panzem(TM) to treat age-related macular
degeneration (ARMD), a leading cause of blindness that is the result of bleeding
from ruptured new blood vessels that form under the retina. Under the terms of
the agreement, Allergan purchased $5,000,000 of EntreMed common stock in January
2002.

                                                                            F-25
<PAGE>


                                 EntreMed, Inc.

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


15. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

Summarized quarterly financial information for the years ended December 31, 2001
and 2000 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  QUARTER ENDED
                                          MARCH 31,          JUNE 30,       SEPTEMBER 30,     DECEMBER 31,
                                        ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
2001
Revenues                                $    883,952      $    757,523      $     90,988      $    129,478
Research and development costs             8,587,227        12,004,901        12,731,159        19,535,551
General and administrative expenses        3,234,886         3,924,098         3,898,658         4,757,711
Gain on sale of royalty interest                 -                 -          22,410,182               -
Net loss                                 (10,594,949)      (14,876,269)        6,165,262       (24,003,115)


Net loss per share                      $      (0.62)     $      (0.82)     $        .34      $     (1.29)
Net loss per share fully diluted        $      (0.62)     $      (0.82)     $        .33      $     (1.29)

2000
Revenues                                $    726,699      $    866,941      $    854,170      $  1,223,965
Research and development costs             9,071,204        11,226,701         9,971,223        11,446,470
General and administrative expenses        2,697,016         3,201,378         2,873,036         3,902,421
Net loss                                 (10,641,289)      (13,134,408)      (11,280,213)      (13,738,468)
Net loss per share                      $      (0.72)     $      (0.84)     $      (0.66)     $     (0.82)
</TABLE>


                                                                            F-26

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
