<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>financialsandnotes2002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BIOMARIN 10-K
<TEXT>

                                  United States
                       Securities and Exchange Commission
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K
(Mark One)
[X] Annual Report Under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001
                                       Or
[ ] Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934 For the transition period from ______________ to _____________.

                        Commission File Number: 000-26727

                          BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.
        (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)

      Delaware                                          68-0397820
 (State of other jurisdiction of           (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 Incorporation or organization)

371 Bel Marin Keys Blvd., #210, Novato, California                    94949
(Address of principal executive offices)                            (Zip Code)

                  Registrant's telephone number: (415) 884-6700


        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
              Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:
                          Common Stock, $.001 par value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter  period that the registrant was required
to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.
Yes    X       No
     -----        ----

Indicate by check mark if disclosure  of  delinquent  filers in response to Item
405 of Regulation  S-K is not contained in this form, and will not be contained,
to the best of  registrant's  knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or  information
statements  incorporated  by  reference  in Part  III of this  Form  10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. __

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
Registrant as of March 15, 2002 was $392,122,171. The number of shares of common
stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding on March 15, 2002 was 52,447,402.

The documents incorporated by reference are as follows:

Portions  of  the  Registrant's  Proxy  Statement  for  the  Annual  Meeting  of
Stockholders  to be held May 29, 2002 are  incorporated  by reference  into Part
III.

<PAGE>


                          BIOMARIN PHARMACEUTICAL INC.

                                     Part I

                           FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements" as defined under securities
laws. Many of these  statements can be identified by the use of terminology such
as "believes,"  "expects,"  "anticipates,"  "plans," "may," "will,"  "projects,"
"continues,"   "estimates,"   "potential,"   "opportunity"   and  so  on.  These
forward-looking  statements may be found in the " Factors That May Affect Future
Results," "Description of Business," and other sections of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Our actual results or experience could differ  significantly from the
forward-looking  statements.  Factors  that could cause or  contribute  to these
differences include those discussed in "Factors That May Affect Future Results,"
as well as those  discussed  elsewhere in this Form 10-K.  You should  carefully
consider that information before you make an investment decision.

You should not place undue reliance on these statements,  which speak only as of
the date that they were made. These cautionary  statements  should be considered
in connection  with any written or oral  forward-looking  statements that we may
issue in the future.  We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any
revisions to these forward-looking  statements after completion of the filing of
this Form 10-K to  reflect  later  events or  circumstances  or to  reflect  the
occurrence of unanticipated events.

Item 1.   Description of Business

Overview

We develop  enzyme  therapies to treat  serious,  life-threatening  diseases and
conditions.  We leverage  our  expertise  in enzyme  biology to develop  product
candidates  for the treatment of genetic  diseases,  including MPS I, MPS VI and
PKU, as well as other critical care  situations such as  cardiovascular  surgery
and serious burns. Our product  candidates address markets for which no products
are currently  available or where current  products  have been  associated  with
major   deficiencies.   We  focus  on  conditions  with   well-defined   patient
populations, including genetic diseases, which require chronic therapy.

Our lead product candidate,  Aldurazyme(TM),  which recently completed a Phase 3
trial, is being developed for the treatment of  Mucopolysaccharidosis  I (MPS I)
disease. MPS I is a debilitating and life-threatening  genetic disease caused by
the deficiency of (alpha)-L-iduronidase, an enzyme responsible for breaking down
certain  carbohydrates.  MPS I is a progressive  disease that afflicts  patients
from birth and frequently leads to severe disability and early death.  There are
currently  no drugs on the market for the  treatment  of MPS I.  Aldurazyme  has
received  both fast  track  designation  from the  United  States  Food and Drug
Administration  (FDA) and orphan drug  designation for the treatment of MPS I in
the United States and in the European Union. The impact of these designations is
discussed in the "Government Regulation" section, which begins on page 6. We are
developing  Aldurazyme  through a joint  venture  with Genzyme  Corporation.  In
collaboration  with Genzyme,  we completed a double-blinded,  placebo-controlled
Phase 3 clinical  trial of  Aldurazyme  in August 2001.  On November 2, 2001, we
announced  positive results from this trial. On April 1, 2002, we announced that
together with our joint venture  partner,  Genzyme,  we have filed with European
regulatory  authorities  for approval to market  Aldurazyme.  Our joint  venture
submitted a Marketing Authorization  Application (MAA) to the European Medicines
Evaluation  Agency  (European  Union)(or  EMEA) on March 1,  2002.  The EMEA has
accepted  our MAA and  validated  that it is complete  and ready for  scientific
review.  Accordingly,  the EMEA's Committee for Proprietary  Medicinal  Products
(CPMP)  will now  evaluate  the  application  to  determine  whether  to approve
Aldurazyme  for the  treatment of MPS I in all 15 member  states of the European
Union.  Norway  and  Iceland  also  participate  in the CPMP but have a seperate
approval  process.  In the United  States,  we along with  Genzyme  have been in
discussions with the FDA regarding the filing of a Biologics License Application
(BLA). We plan to initiate the BLA filing as soon as possible.

We are developing our second product candidate,  Neutralase(TM), for reversal of
anticoagulation by heparin in patients  undergoing Coronary Artery Bypass Graft,
or CABG,  surgery and angioplasty.  We acquired rights to Neutralase through our
acquisition of the pharmaceutical assets of IBEX Technologies Inc. in the fourth
quarter  of 2001.  Heparin  is a  carbohydrate  drug  commonly  used to  prevent
coagulation,   or  blood  clotting,  during  certain  types  of  major  surgery.
Neutralase is a  carbohydrate-modifying  enzyme that cleaves  heparin,  allowing
coagulation  of blood and aiding  patient  recovery  following  CABG surgery and
angioplasty.  Based on data from previous trials,  we plan to initiate a Phase 3
trial in CABG surgery in 2002.

In addition to Aldurazyme and Neutralase,  we are developing other  enzyme-based
therapeutics for the treatment of a variety of diseases and conditions. In 2001,
we announced a Phase 1 trial of AryplaseTM  (formerly  referred to as rhASB) for
the treatment of MPS VI, another seriously  debilitating genetic disease.  Based
on data  from  this  previous  trial,  we plan to  initiate  a Phase 2 trial  of
Aryplase in early 2002. We are also developing VibrilaseTM (formerly referred to
as Vibriolysin  Topical),  a topical  enzyme product for use in removing  burned
skin tissue in preparation  for skin grafting or other  therapy.  We initiated a
Phase 1  clinical  trial of Vibrilase  in the  United  Kingdom in the fourth
quarter  of 2001,  and  expect to begin a Phase 2  clinical  trial in either the
United States or the United  Kingdom  following  the  completion of this Phase 1
trial.  In addition,  we are pursuing  preclinical  development  of other enzyme
product candidates for genetic and other diseases.

                                       1
<PAGE>

Recent Developments

On April 1, 2002, we announced  that  together  with our joint venture  partner,
Genzyme,  we have filed with  European  regulatory  authorities  for approval to
market  Aldurazyme.  Our joint venture  submitted an MAA to the EMEA on March 1,
2002.  The EMEA has accepted our MAA and validated that it is complete and ready
for  scientific  review.  Accordingly,  the  EMEA's  Committee  for  Proprietary
Medicinal Products (CPMP) will now evaluate the application to determine whether
to approve  Aldurazyme for the treatment of MPS I in all 15 member states of the
European  Union.  Norway and  Iceland  also  participate  in the CPMP but have a
seperate approval process. In the United States, we along with Genzyme have been
in  discussions  with the FDA regarding the filing of a BLA. We plan to initiate
the BLA filing as soon as possible.

On March 21, 2002, we acquired Synapse Technologies Inc. Synapse owns the rights
to certain patented and proprietary  technology  which,  based on the results of
preclinical  trials, has the potential to deliver  therapeutic enzymes and other
drugs  across  the  blood-brain  barrier  by  means of  traditional  intravenous
injections.  Under  the  terms  of  the  agreement,  we  purchased  100%  of the
outstanding shares of Synapse for approximately $10.2 million payable in 885,242
shares of our common stock. We also may make future contingent payments of up to
approximately $6 million.  These payments are payable in cash or stock, at our
option.

On February 25, 2002, we decided to close the analytics product catalog business
of our  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Glyko,  Inc. The majority of the Glyko,  Inc.
employees  will be  incorporated  into  our  pharmaceutical  business  and  such
employees will continue to provide necessary  analytic and diagnostic support to
our therapeutic products. Certain operating assets of Glyko, Inc. may be offered
for sale.

On February 7, 2002, we announced that we had reached a definitive  agreement to
acquire all of the  outstanding  capital stock of Glyko  Biomedical  Ltd. (GBL).
GBL's  principal  asset is its 22% ownership  interest in our common stock.  GBL
owns  approximately  11.4 million shares of our common stock. Under the terms of
the acquisition agreement,  GBL's common shareholders will receive approximately
11.4 million shares of our common stock in exchange for all of GBL's outstanding
common stock.  There will be no net effect on the number of shares of our common
stock outstanding,  as we plan to retire the existing shares of our common stock
currently held by GBL upon closing.

On December 12, 2001, we completed a public offering of our common stock. In the
offering,  we  sold  8,050,000  shares,  including  1,050,000  shares  to  cover
underwriters' over-allotments,  at a price to the public of $12.00 per share, or
a total offering price of $96.6  million.  The net proceeds,  after expenses and
underwriting  discounts,  were approximately $90.4 million. We intend to use the
net proceeds from this sale of shares for:

         o the development and commercialization of our lead product candidate,
           Aldurazyme;
         o additional clinical trials and manufacturing of Neutralase;
         o preclinical studies and clinical trials for our other product
           candidates;
         o potential licenses and other acquisitions of complementary
           technologies and products;
         o general corporate purposes; and
         o working capital.

On November 2, 2001, we along with Genzyme,  announced  positive  results from a
preliminary  analysis of data from the Phase 3 clinical  trial of Aldurazyme for
the treatment of MPS I. Patients were  evaluated at defined  intervals to assess
progress in meeting two primary endpoints.  The preliminary data analysis showed
a  statistically  significant  increase  in  pulmonary  capacity  (p=0.028)  and
demonstrated a positive trend in endurance as measured by a six-minute walk test
(p=0.066).  Among other endpoints measured in the trial, the main findings of an
earlier open-label study of Aldurazyme were confirmed: a reduction in liver size
and a  reduction  in  excretion  of  urinary  glycosaminoglycans,  or GAGs,  the
carbohydrate  substances  that  accumulate  in patients with MPS I. Based on the
strength of the trial's results,  we, along with Genzyme,  have met jointly with
U.S. and  European  regulatory  authorities  to discuss  applications  to market
Aldurazyme.  Based on these discussions, the MAA has been submitted to the EMEA.
We plan to file the BLA with the FDA as soon as possible.

On October 31, 2001, we acquired the pharmaceutical  assets of IBEX Technologies
Inc. and its  subsidiaries.  The product  candidates  and  technologies  that we
gained in this transaction, primarily the Neutralase and Phenylase programs, are
complementary to our existing product portfolio and core competencies. Under the
terms of the agreements,  we acquired these assets in exchange for consideration
of $10.4  million,  with $8.4 million  payable in shares of our common stock and
$2.0 million  payable in cash. In addition,  we agreed to make  contingent  cash
payments  of up to  approximately  $9.5  million  to IBEX upon FDA  approval  of
products acquired from IBEX.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     Aldurazyme

Our lead product candidate,  Aldurazyme, is being developed for the treatment of
MPS  I.   MPS  I  is  a   genetic   disease   caused   by  the   deficiency   of
(alpha)-L-iduronidase.  Patients with MPS I have multiple  debilitating symptoms
resulting from the buildup of carbohydrate  residues in all tissues in the body.
These symptoms  include delayed  physical  growth,  enlarged livers and spleens,
skeletal and joint  deformities,  airway  obstruction,  heart  disease,  reduced
endurance and pulmonary function impaired hearing and vision, and in some cases,
delayed mental development. Most patients with MPS I will die from complications
associated with the disease as children or teenagers. About 3,400 individuals in
developed  countries have MPS I, including  about 1,000 in the United States and
Canada.

There are  currently no approved  drugs for the  treatment of MPS I. Bone marrow
transplantation  has been used to treat severely  affected  patients,  generally
under the age of two,  with  limited  success.  Bone marrow  transplantation  is
associated  with high  morbidity  and  mortality  rates as well as with problems
inherent  in the  procedure  itself,  including  graft vs. host  disease,  graft
rejection,  and  donor  availability,  which  severely  limit  its  utility  and
application.

Aldurazyme is a specific form of recombinant  human  (alpha)-L-iduronidase  that
replaces a genetic deficiency of  (alpha)-L-iduronidase  in MPS I patients, thus
reduces or eliminates the build-up of certain  carbohydrates in the lysosomes of
cells.  By  eliminating  this  carbohydrate  build-up,  Aldurazyme  is  able  to
significantly  reduce the physical symptoms  experienced by these patients.  The
Phase 1 trial  results  of  this  product  candidate  reported  no  neutralizing
antibodies,   indicating  its  applicability  for  chronic  administration.   In
collaboration   with  Genzyme,   we  completed  a  45-patient,   double-blinded,
placebo-controlled  Phase 3 clinical  trial of Aldurazyme in August 2001,  which
was  conducted  at five  sites in the U.S.,  Europe  and  Canada.  All  patients
completed the trial and elected to receive Aldurazyme in an open label extension
study.  On November 2, 2001, we announced  positive  results from this trial. We
intend to continue the  development  of this drug and recently filed an MAA with
the EMEA. We plan to file a BLA with the FDA as soon as possible.

Aldurazyme has received fast track designation from the FDA for the treatment of
MPS I. The FDA has granted Aldurazyme orphan drug designation, which will result
in exclusive rights to market Aldurazyme to treat MPS I for seven years from the
date of FDA approval if  Aldurazyme  is the first  product to be approved by the
FDA for the  treatment  of MPS I.  In  addition,  the  European  Commission  has
designated Aldurazyme for the treatment of MPS I as an orphan medicinal product,
giving the potential for market exclusivity in Europe for 10 years. In September
1998, we formed a 50/50 joint venture with Genzyme for the worldwide development
and  commercialization  of  Aldurazyme.  Genzyme is  responsible  for regulatory
submissions  in  international  markets and marketing,  distribution,  sales and
obtaining  reimbursement for Aldurazyme  worldwide.  We are responsible for U.S.
regulatory    submissions   and   the   development   and    manufacturing    of
(alpha)-L-iduronidase.

     Neutralase

We are developing  Neutralase for the reversal of  anticoagulation by heparin in
patients   undergoing  Coronary  Artery  Bypass  Graft,  or  CABG,  surgery  and
angioplasty.  Patients  undergoing CABG surgery and angioplasty are treated with
heparin to prevent coagulation during surgery.  Once the procedure is completed,
anticoagulant  reversal agents are administered to prevent  excessive  bleeding.
Currently, protamine is the only product commercially available for the reversal
of heparin  anticoagulation.  In medical studies,  protamine has been associated
with  adverse  side  effects,  such  as  abnormal  changes  in  blood  pressure,
depression  of  heart  function  and  acute  allergic   reactions.   There  were
approximately 571,000 CABG procedures and 1,069,000  angioplasties in the United
States in 1999 (as  published by the American  Heart  Association  in their 2002
Heart and Stroke Statistical Update) that could have potentially  benefited from
heparin reversal.  We believe that an additional  substantial market opportunity
exists in Europe and the rest of the world.

We believe  Neutralase  has the  potential  to reverse  heparin  anticoagulation
without many of the serious side effects  associated with protamine.  Neutralase
is a  carbohydrate-modifying  enzyme that  breaks down  heparin in a manner that
inactivates heparin's anticoagulation effect and restores the normal coagulation
of blood.  Neutralase  has the potential for use as a reversal agent for heparin
anticoagulation  in open-heart  surgery such as CABG procedures,  interventional
cardiology procedures such as angioplasty, and in other procedures where heparin
or heparin-like anticoagulants are used, such as in hip and knee surgeries.

Data from  Phase 1 and Phase 2  clinical  trials  suggest  that  Neutralase  can
reverse  heparin  anticoagulation  without the adverse changes in blood pressure
associated  with  protamine  usage.  Building on the work  undertaken so far, we
intend  to  initiate  a Phase 3 trial for CABG in 2002,  followed  by a Phase 2B
trial for angioplasty.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     Other Product Development Programs

     Aryplase

We  are  developing   recombinant,   human   N-acetylgalactosamine   4-sulfatase
(Aryplase) for the treatment of MPS VI, a debilitating  genetic  disease similar
to MPS I. Aryplase has received fast track  designation  from the FDA as well as
orphan drug  designation for the treatment of MPS VI in the United States and in
the European Union.  Based on clinical data to date, we plan to initiate a Phase
2 trial of Aryplase early in 2002.

     Vibrilase

We are developing  Vibrilase for use in removing  burned skin in preparation for
skin grafting or other  therapy.  In the fourth  quarter of 2001, we initiated a
Phase 1 clinical  trial of this  product  candidate in the United  Kingdom,  and
expect to begin a Phase 2  clinical  trial in either  the  United  States or the
United Kingdom following the completion of this Phase 1 trial.

     Phenylase

We are  developing  Phenylase  as an  oral  enzyme  therapy  for  patients  with
phenylketonuria  (PKU) a  genetic  disease  in which  the body  cannot  properly
metabolize the amino acid phenylalanine.  If left untreated,  elevated levels of
phenylalanine lead to brain damage and severe mental  retardation.  Phenylase is
currently in preclinical development.


BioMarin's Strategy

Our  strategy is to develop  therapeutic  enzyme  products to treat a variety of
diseases and conditions. The principal elements of this strategy are to:

     Develop and successfully commercialize our lead product candidates

We are  seeking  to  develop  and  globally  commercialize  Aldurazyme  for  the
treatment  of MPS I,  Neutralase  for the  reversal of  anticoagulation  agents,
Aryplase for MPS VI, and Vibrilase for serious burns,  each of which is in human
clinical  testing.  With regard to Aldurazyme,in  concert with our joint venture
partner,  Genzyme, we are developing strategies for the effective launch of this
product. We believe we will benefit from Genzyme's marketing organization, which
has extensive  worldwide  experience  marketing  drugs to  well-defined  patient
populations with chronic genetic diseases.

     Continue to build a diversified portfolio of product candidates

In addition to the  products  in human  clinical  testing  noted  above,  we are
conducting research on other enzyme products,  including those intended to treat
phenylketonuria  (Phenylase),  ischemia (Extravase), and diseases in which it is
necessary to treat the brain (Synapse.)

     Target underserved markets

We intend to continue to target market opportunities where there is little or no
competition,  such as the markets  for MPS I and MPS VI. We also target  markets
where we believe that our technology will enable us to become a market leader in
a relatively short time period, such as the market for Neutralase.  Our strategy
is to avoid situations where market  differentiation  is a function of marketing
strength and not technical expertise.

     Seek to license or acquire complementary products and technologies

We  intend to  supplement  our  internal  drug  discovery  efforts  through  the
acquisition of products and  technologies  that  complement our general  product
development  strategy.  Two examples of this are our recent  acquisition  of the
pharmaceutical  assets of IBEX  Technologies,  which added  three  complementary
product candidates to our portfolio and our acquisition of Synapse Technologies,
Inc., which added  technology  intended to enable certain drug products to cross
the blood-brain-barrier by means of traditional intravenous injection. We intend
to continue to identify,  evaluate and pursue the  licensing or  acquisition  of
other strategically valuable products and organizations.

     Leverage our core competencies

We  believe  that  we  have   significant   expertise  in  enzyme   biology  and
manipulation,  which  we have  used  to  establish  a  strong  platform  for the
development of  enzyme-related  pharmaceutical  products.  We intend to leverage
these competencies to develop high-value products for markets with unmet medical
needs. When strategically  advantageous,  we may seek partnerships with industry
leaders for the further advancement of our product candidates.

                                       4
<PAGE>

Manufacturing

The drug  candidates  we are currently  developing  require the  manufacture  of
recombinant enzymes. For our genetic disease programs,  we expect to manufacture
the bulk  enzymes.  We believe  that we will be able to  manufacture  sufficient
quantities  of our  genetic  disease  drug  products  for  clinical  trials  and
commercial sales in part because relatively low doses are required for treatment
and because the targeted patient populations are small. In general, we expect to
contract  with outside  service  providers for certain  manufacturing  services,
including  final product fill and finish  operations and bulk enzyme  production
for clinical and early commercial  production where the production  requirements
exceed our manufacturing capacity.

In the first  quarter of 2000, we began  production  of Aldurazyme  for clinical
requirements  including the Phase 3 clinical trial and other  clinical  studies.
The bulk  production  is being  done in our  Galli  Drive  (Novato,  California)
manufacturing facility.  Following the recently completed expansion,  Galli is a
51,800 square foot cGMP production  facility  including  support areas,  housing
utilities,  laboratories and administrative  functions. We expect to support the
commercial  launch of Aldurazyme from this facility.  Vialing and packaging will
be performed using either our joint venture partner or contract manufacturers.

In 2000, the manufacturing  facilities in Novato were inspected and subsequently
licensed by the State of California  Food and Drug Branch for the  production of
clinical trial material. These facilities will be inspected by the FDA and other
regulatory agencies in connection with the BLA and other marketing applications.
These facilities, and those of any third-party manufacturers, will be subject to
periodic inspections  confirming  compliance with applicable law. Our facilities
must be cGMP certified before we can manufacture our drugs for commercial sales.
Failure to comply with these  requirements  could  result in the shutdown of our
facilities, fines or other penalties.

Sales and Marketing

We  have  no  experience  marketing  or  selling  pharmaceutical   products.  To
commercially  market our products  once the necessary  regulatory  approvals are
obtained, we must either develop our own sales and marketing force or enter into
arrangements with third parties.

We  established a joint venture with Genzyme for the worldwide  development  and
commercialization  of  Aldurazyme  for the  treatment  of MPS I. Under the joint
venture,  Genzyme will be  responsible  for marketing,  distribution,  sales and
obtaining reimbursement of Aldurazyme worldwide.

In the  future,  we may  develop  the  capability  to  market  and sell our drug
products that are targeted at small or concentrated patient populations. In many
cases, we believe that these patient populations are typically well-informed and
well-connected to the medical community.  Often family/patient  groups suffering
from niche diseases are capable users of the Internet to share  experiences  and
gather  information.  We believe  that  direct  marketing  to these  families or
patients  would  be  effective.   We  may  also  market  our  products   through
distributors or other collaborators, particularly for those products targeted at
larger  patient  populations  or  for  countries  where  the  development  of an
infrastructure is not economically attractive.

Patents and Proprietary Rights

Our success depends in part on our ability to:

         o     Obtain patents

         o     Protect trade secrets

         o     Operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others

         o     Prevent others from infringing on our proprietary rights

We may obtain licenses to patents and patent applications from others.

We have  thirteen  patent  applications  presently  pending in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office. We have filed six foreign counterpart  applications
and expect to file a foreign counterpart to one of the other pending U.S. patent
applications at the proper time.

Glyko,  Inc.  owns twelve  issued U.S.  patents.  In addition,  Glyko,  Inc. has
licensed four U.S. patents and their foreign counterparts from AstroMed Ltd. and
its  successor  Astroscan  Ltd.  on  an  exclusive,   worldwide,  perpetual  and
royalty-free basis. Glyko, Inc. has also licensed six U.S. patents from Glycomed
Incorporated on an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free basis. These
patents are all related to Glyko, Inc.'s products and services.

                                       5
<PAGE>

Government Regulation

Food  and  Drug  Administration  Modernization  Act of  1997.  The Food and Drug
Administration  Modernization  Act of 1997 was enacted,  in part,  to ensure the
availability  of safe and  effective  drugs,  biologics  and medical  devices by
expediting  the FDA review  process  for new  products.  The  Modernization  Act
establishes  a  statutory  program  for the  approval  of fast  track  products,
including  biologics.  The fast track  provisions  essentially  codify the FDA's
accelerated approval  regulations for drugs and biologics.  A fast track product
is defined as a new drug or biologic  intended for the treatment of a serious or
life-threatening  condition  that  demonstrates  the  potential to address unmet
medical needs for this condition. Under the fast track program, the sponsor of a
new drug or biologic  may request  the FDA  designate  the drug or biologic as a
fast track product at any time during the clinical  development  of the product.
The  Modernization  Act  specifies  that the FDA must  determine  if the product
qualifies for fast track designation  within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor's
request.

Approval of a license  application  for a fast track  product can be based on an
effect on a clinical  endpoint or on a  surrogate  endpoint  that is  reasonably
likely to predict clinical benefit. Approval of a license application for a fast
track product based on a surrogate endpoint may be subject to:

        o     Post-approval studies to validate the surrogate endpoint or
              confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint

        o     Prior review of all promotional materials

If a  preliminary  review of the  clinical  data  suggests  that the  product is
effective,  the FDA may initiate review of sections of a license application for
a fast track product before the application is complete.  This rolling review is
available  if the  applicant  provides a schedule  for  submission  of remaining
information and pays applicable user fees. However, the time period specified in
the Prescription Drug User Fees Act, which governs the time period goals the FDA
has  committed  to  reviewing  a license  application,  does not begin until the
complete application is submitted.

In September  1998, the FDA  designated  Aldurazyme a fast track product for the
more severe  forms of MPS I. In June 2000,  the FDA  designated  Aryplase a fast
track  product  for the  treatment  of MPS VI. We cannot  predict  the  ultimate
impact,  if any, of the fast track  process on the timing or  likelihood  of FDA
approval of Aldurazyme, Aryplase or any of our other potential products.

Orphan Drug  Designation.  In September  1997,  Aldurazyme  received orphan drug
designation  from the FDA.  In  February  1999,  Aryplase  received  orphan drug
designation from the FDA. Orphan drug designation is granted by the FDA to drugs
intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which for this program is defined
as having a  prevalence  less than  200,000  individuals  in the United  States.
Orphan drug designation must be requested before  submitting a biologics license
application.  After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity
of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed  publicly by
the FDA. A similar  system for orphan drug  designation  exists in the  European
Community. Both Aldurazyme and Aryplase received designation as orphan medicinal
products by the European Commission in February 2001.

Orphan drug  designation  does not shorten the  regulatory  review and  approval
process  for an orphan  drug,  nor does it give that drug any  advantage  in the
regulatory  review  and  approval  process.  If an orphan  drug  later  receives
approval  for  the  indication  for  which  it  has  designation,  the  relevant
regulatory  authority may not approve any other  applications to market the same
drug for the same indication,  except in very limited  circumstances,  for seven
years in the U.S. and ten years in Europe. Although obtaining approval to market
a  product  with  orphan  drug  exclusivity  may be  advantageous,  we cannot be
certain:

        o     that we will be the first to obtain approval for any drug for
              which we obtain orphan drug designation,
        o     that orphan drug designation will result in any commercial
              advantage or reduce competition, nor
        o     that the limited exceptions to this exclusivity will not be
              invoked by the relevant regulatory authority.

Competition

The biopharmaceutical  industry is rapidly evolving and highly competitive.  The
following is a summary  competitive  analysis for known competitive  threats for
each of our major biopharmaceutical product programs:

Aldurazyme  for MPS I. On  November  21,  2000 and May 29,  2001,  respectively,
Transkaryotic   Therapies,   Inc.  (TKTX)  announced  that  two  US  patents  on
(alpha)-L-iduronidase   had  been  issued  and  that  these   patents  had  been
exclusively  licensed to TKTX. We have  examined the patents,  the patent files,
the prior art and other information. We believe that the patents may not survive
a challenge.  However,  the processes of patent law are uncertain and any patent
proceeding is subject to multiple unanticipated  outcomes. We believe that it is
in the  best  interests  of  our  joint  venture  with  Genzyme  to  pursue  the
development  of  Aldurazyme  with  commercial  diligence,  concurrent  with  our
challenge of the  patents,  in order to gain  marketing  approvals as rapidly as
possible  and to provide  MPS I patients  with the  benefits of  Aldurazyme.  If
either or both of the  patents  are  deemed  (or  ruled) to be valid,  the joint
venture  will need to reach an  accommodation  with the holder of the license to
the patent.

                                       6
<PAGE>

These patents do not affect our ability to market Aldurazyme in Europe or Japan,
both major pharmaceutical  markets. A patent making the same claims was rejected
by the European Community and cannot be refiled.

A small private company announced that it has novel enzymatic technology to make
enzymes with proper glycosylation and phosphorylation.  Since that announcement,
that company has been acquired by our joint venture partner,  Genzyme.  Pursuant
to our joint venture  agreement with Genzyme,  both Genzyme and our Company must
mutually agree on any  technological  developments  relating to Aldurazyme.  The
proper  carbohydrate  and  phosphate  structural  elements  of  the  enzyme  are
essential  to  facilitate  uptake of the enzyme by the  patient's  cells to have
efficient enzyme replacement  therapy.  Our preclinical  analysis indicates that
Aldurazyme  is  highly  efficient  in  being  taken up by  cells  during  enzyme
replacement  therapy  as a  result  of the  proper  mannose-6-phosphate  ligands
(glycosylation  and   phosphorylation)  on  the  enzyme.  We  do  not  have  any
comparative data to assess directly the relative potential therapeutic qualities
of Aldurazyme and the other enzyme.

Neutralase for  anticoagulation  reversal.  Currently protamine sulfate (US) and
protamine  chloride  (EU)  are  the  only  products  used  to  reverse  heparin.
Neutralase,  if  approved,  would have to compete  with  protamine in the market
place.   Protamine  is  relatively   inexpensive;   for  Neutralase  to  achieve
significant market share, clinical data will be needed to demonstrate advantages
in safety or efficacy  or both for the  reversal  of  heparin.  We believe  that
Neutralase has superior characteristics but cannot predict that clinical studies
will  demonstrate  this  superiority.   Other  than  protamine,   there  are  no
significant competitive drugs in clinical trials for the reversal of heparin.

An alternative  source of competition  comes from  substitutes for heparin,  and
hence reducing the need for  Neutralase.  The Medicines  Company has an approved
drug  AngiomaxTM  (hirudin) that is a substitute for heparin in angioplasty  and
potentially other  indications.  We cannot predict how much this competitor will
reduce  the  potential  market  size of  Neutralase  for  angioplasty  or  other
indications.  One additional source of competition comes from changes in medical
practice  that may decrease the use of  procedures  that require  heparin and so
Neutralase.  Off-pump  coronary artery bypass surgery has increased in frequency
and the amount of heparin used is less, though heparin is still used.  Increased
off-pump  CABG could  reduce the use of  heparin  to some  degree and  therefore
decrease  the  market for  Neutralase.  Other  unpredictable  changes in medical
practice or other non-heparin-like anticoagulants could occur or be approved and
potentially reduce the market for Neutralase.  At this time, we do not foresee a
large competitive challenge to heparin or the need for heparin reversal.

Aryplase  for  MPS VI.  We know of no  active  competitive  program  for  enzyme
replacement therapy for MPS VI that has entered clinical trials.

Gene therapy is a potential  competitive threat to enzyme replacement  therapies
for both MPS I and MPS VI. We know of no competitive  program using gene therapy
for the treatment of either MPS I or MPS VI that has entered clinical trials.

Vibrilase for debridement of serious burns. Other enzymatic products exist which
might be possibly  used for the  debridement  of serious  second or third degree
burns.  Those  products in their  current form have not captured any  meaningful
share of the debridement function in the treatment of burn patients.  We know of
no clinical  program of a new enzymatic  product for the  debridement of serious
burns.  The  primary   competition  for  Vibrilase   continues  to  be  surgical
debridement.

See "Factors that May Affect Future Results--If we fail to compete successfully,
our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected."

Employees

As of  March  15,  2002,  we had 216  full-time  employees,  111 of whom  are in
operations,  80 of whom are in research  and  development  and 25 of whom are in
administration.

We consider our employee  relations to be good. Our employees are not covered by
a collective  bargaining agreement.  We have not experienced  employment related
work stoppages. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue attracting
qualified personnel in sufficient numbers to meet our needs.

                                       7
<PAGE>

                     FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

An investment in our common stock  involves a high degree of risk. We operate in
a dynamic  and  rapidly  changing  industry  that  involves  numerous  risks and
uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones
we face. Other risks and uncertainties, including those that we do not currently
consider material,  may impair our business. If any of the risks discussed below
actually occur, our business,  financial  condition,  operating  results or cash
flows could be materially adversely affected. This could cause the trading price
of our common stock to decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

If we continue to incur operating  losses for a period longer than  anticipated,
we may be unable to continue our  operations at planned  levels and be forced to
reduce or discontinue operations.

We are in an early stage of development and have operated at a net loss since we
were  formed.  Since we began  operations  in March 1997,  we have been  engaged
primarily in research and development. We have no sales revenues from any of our
product  candidates.  As of December 31, 2001, we had an accumulated  deficit of
approximately $148.1 million. We expect to continue to operate at a net loss for
the  foreseeable  future.  Our future  profitability  depends  on our  receiving
regulatory  approval of our product  candidates and our ability to  successfully
manufacture and market any approved  drugs,  either by ourselves or jointly with
others.  The extent of our future  losses  and the timing of  profitability  are
highly  uncertain.  If we fail to become  profitable  or are  unable to  sustain
profitability  on a  continuing  basis,  then we may be unable to  continue  our
operations.

If we fail to obtain the capital  necessary to fund our  operations,  we will be
unable to complete our product development programs.

In the  future,  we may need to raise  substantial  additional  capital  to fund
operations.  We cannot be certain  that any  financing  will be  available  when
needed. If we fail to raise additional  financing as we need it, we will have to
delay or terminate some or all of our product development programs.

We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts of capital for our operations
for the foreseeable  future.  The amount of capital we will need depends on many
factors, including:

        . the progress, timing and scope of our preclinical studies and clinical
          trials;

        . the time and cost necessary to obtain regulatory approvals;

        . the time and cost necessary to develop commercial manufacturing
          processes,  including quality systems and to build or acquire
          manufacturing capabilities;

        . the time and cost necessary to respond to technological and market
          developments; and

        . any changes made or new developments in our existing collaborative,
          licensing and other commercial relationships or any new collaborative,
          licensing and other commercial relationships that we may establish.

Moreover,   our  fixed  expenses  such  as  rent,  license  payments  and  other
contractual  commitments are substantial and will increase in the future.  These
fixed expenses will increase because we may enter into:

        . additional leases for new facilities and capital equipment;

        . additional licenses and collaborative agreements;

        . additional contracts for consulting, maintenance and administrative
          services; and

        . additional contracts for product manufacturing.

We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short term investment  securities
balances  at December  31, 2001 will be  sufficient  to meet our  operating  and
capital  requirements through 2003. These estimates are based on assumptions and
estimates,  which may prove to be wrong.  As a result,  we may need or choose to
obtain additional financing during that time.

If we fail to obtain regulatory approval to commercially manufacture or sell any
of our future drug  products,  or if  approval is delayed,  we will be unable to
generate revenue from the sale of our products and our operating results will be
adversely affected.

We must obtain regulatory approval before marketing or selling our drug products
in the U.S.  and in  foreign  jurisdictions.  In the U.S.,  we must  obtain  FDA
approval for each drug that we intend to commercialize. The FDA approval process
is typically  lengthy and  expensive,  and approval is never  certain.  Products
distributed  abroad are also subject to foreign government  regulation.  None of
our drug products has received regulatory  approval to be commercially  marketed
and sold. If we fail to obtain regulatory approval,  we will be unable to market
and  sell  our  drug  products.  Because  of  the  risks  and  uncertainties  in
biopharmaceutical  development,  our drug  products  could take a  significantly
longer  time to gain  regulatory  approval  than we  expect  or may  never  gain
approval. If regulatory approval is delayed, our management's  credibility,  the
value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected.

                                       8
<PAGE>

To obtain regulatory  approval to market our products,  preclinical  studies and
costly and  lengthy  clinical  trials will be  required,  and the results of the
studies and trials are highly uncertain.

As part of the regulatory approval process, we must conduct, at our own expense,
preclinical  studies in the laboratory on animals and clinical  trials on humans
for each drug product.  We expect the number of preclinical studies and clinical
trials that the regulatory  authorities  will require will vary depending on the
drug product,  the disease or condition  the drug is being  developed to address
and  regulations  applicable  to the  particular  drug.  We may need to  perform
multiple  preclinical studies using various doses and formulations before we can
begin clinical trials, which could result in delays in our ability to market any
of our drug  products.  Furthermore,  even if we  obtain  favorable  results  in
preclinical  studies on  animals,  the  results  in humans may be  significantly
different.

After we have conducted preclinical studies in animals, we must demonstrate that
our drug products are safe and  efficacious for use on the target human patients
in  order to  receive  regulatory  approval  for  commercial  sale.  Adverse  or
inconclusive  clinical results would stop us from filing for regulatory approval
of our drug products.  Additional factors that can cause delay or termination of
our clinical trials include:

        . slow or insufficient patient enrollment;

        . slow recruitment of, and completion of necessary institutional
          approvals at clinical sites;

        . longer treatment time required to demonstrate efficacy;

        . lack of sufficient supplies of the product candidate;

        . adverse medical events or side effects in treated patients;

        . lack of effectiveness of the product candidate being tested; and

        . regulatory requests for additional clinical trials.

Typically,  if a drug product is intended to treat a chronic disease,  as is the
case with most of the product candidates we are developing,  safety and efficacy
data must be gathered over an extended period of time,  which can range from six
months to three years or more.

In May 2001, we completed a 24-month patient evaluation for the initial clinical
trial of our lead drug product,  Aldurazyme,  for the treatment of MPS I. Two of
the  original  ten  patients  enrolled in this trial died in 2000.  One of these
patients  received 103 weeks of Aldurazyme  treatment and the other  received 37
weeks of treatment.  One of the original  forty-five  patients who completed the
Phase 3 clinical trial died after 16 weeks of the Phase 3 extension  study.  One
patient  treated  under a  single-patient  use  protocol  died after 31 weeks of
Aldurazyme   treatment.   Based  on  medical  data   collected   from   clinical
investigative  sites,  none of these cases  directly  implicated  treatment with
Aldurazyme as the cause of death. If cases of patient complications or death are
ultimately  attributed to Aldurazyme,  our chances of commercializing  this drug
would be seriously compromised.

The fast track designation for our product candidates may not actually lead to a
faster review process.

Although  Aldurazyme  and Aryplase  have obtained  fast track  designations,  we
cannot  guarantee a faster  review  process or faster  approval  compared to the
normal FDA procedures.

We will not be able to sell our products if we fail to comply with manufacturing
regulations.

Before we can begin  commercial  manufacture  of our  products,  we must  obtain
regulatory  approval of our  manufacturing  facility and  process.  In addition,
manufacture  of our drug  products  must  comply  with the  FDA's  current  Good
Manufacturing   Practices   regulations,   commonly  known  as  cGMP.  The  cGMP
regulations  govern quality control and  documentation  policies and procedures.
Our manufacturing  facilities are continuously subject to inspection by the FDA,
the State of California  and foreign  regulatory  authorities,  before and after
product approval. Our Galli Drive and our Bel Marin Keys Boulevard manufacturing
facilities  have been  inspected  and  licensed by the State of  California  for
clinical pharmaceutical  manufacture.  We cannot guarantee that these facilities
will pass federal or international  regulatory  inspection.  We cannot guarantee
that we, or any potential third party manufacturer of our drug products, will be
able to comply with cGMP regulations.

We must pass Federal,  state and European  regulatory  inspections,  and we must
manufacture process  qualification  batches to final  specifications  under cGMP
controls for each of our drug products before the marketing  applications can be
approved.   Although  we  have  completed  process   qualification  batches  for
Aldurazyme,  these batches may be rejected by the regulatory authorities, and we
may be unable to  manufacture  the process  qualification  batches for our other
products or pass the inspections in a timely manner, if at all.

                                       9
<PAGE>

If we fail to obtain  orphan  drug  exclusivity  for some of our  products,  our
competitors may sell products to treat the same conditions and our revenues will
be reduced.

As part of our  business  strategy,  we intend to develop some drugs that may be
eligible  for FDA and  European  Community  orphan drug  designation.  Under the
Orphan  Drug Act,  the FDA may  designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a
drug  intended  to treat a rare  disease  or  condition,  defined  as a  patient
population  of less than  200,000 in the United  States.  The company that first
obtains FDA  approval  for a  designated  orphan  drug for a given rare  disease
receives marketing exclusivity for use of that drug for the stated condition for
a period of seven years.  However,  different drugs can be approved for the same
condition.  Similar  regulations are available in the European  Community with a
ten-year period of market exclusivity.

Because  the  extent and scope of patent  protection  for our drug  products  is
limited, orphan drug designation is particularly important for our products that
are eligible  for orphan drug  designation.  We plan to rely on the  exclusivity
period under the orphan drug designation to maintain a competitive  position. If
we do not obtain orphan drug  exclusivity  for our drug  products,  which do not
have patent protection, our competitors may then sell the same drug to treat the
same condition.

Even though we have obtained orphan drug  designation for certain of our product
candidates and even if we obtain orphan drug  designation  for other products we
develop,  we cannot  guarantee  that we will be the  first to  obtain  marketing
approval  for  any  orphan  indication  or,  if we do,  that  exclusivity  would
effectively  protect  the product  from  competition.  Orphan  drug  designation
neither  shortens the development  time or regulatory  review time of a drug nor
gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process.

Because the target patient  populations  for some of our products are small,  we
must achieve significant market share and obtain high per patient prices for our
products to achieve profitability.

Two of our lead drug candidates,  Aldurazyme and Aryplase,  target diseases with
small  patient  populations.  As  a  result,  our  per-patient  prices  must  be
relatively  high  in  order  to  recover  our  development   costs  and  achieve
profitability.  Aldurazyme  targets  patients  with MPS I and  Aryplase  targets
patients with MPS VI. We estimate that there are  approximately  3,400  patients
with MPS I and 1,100  patients  with MPS VI in the developed  world.  We believe
that we will need to market  worldwide to achieve  significant  market share. In
addition,  we are developing other drug candidates to treat conditions,  such as
other genetic diseases and serious burn wounds, with small patient  populations.
We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain  sufficient market share for
our drug  products at a price high  enough to justify  our  product  development
efforts.

If we fail to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement for our drug products by
third-party  payers,  there  would be no  commercially  viable  markets  for our
products.

The  course  of  treatment  for  patients  with MPS I using  Aldurazyme  and for
patients  with MPS VI using  Aryplase  is expected  to be  expensive.  We expect
patients  to need  treatment  throughout  their  lifetimes.  We expect that most
families  of  patients  will  not  be  capable  of  paying  for  this  treatment
themselves.  There  will be no  commercially  viable  market for  Aldurazyme  or
Aryplase without reimbursement from third-party payers.

Third-party  payers,  such  as  government  or  private  health  care  insurers,
carefully  review  and  increasingly  challenge  the prices  charged  for drugs.
Reimbursement  rates from private  companies vary  depending on the  third-party
payer,  the  insurance  plan  and  other  factors.   Reimbursement   systems  in
international   markets  vary  significantly  by  country  and  by  region,  and
reimbursement  approvals  must be obtained  on a  country-by-country  basis.  We
cannot be certain that  third-party  payers will pay for the costs of our drugs.
Even if we are able to obtain  reimbursement from third-party  payers, we cannot
be certain  that  reimbursement  rates will be enough to allow us to profit from
sales of our drugs or to justify our product development expenses.

We currently have no expertise obtaining reimbursement. We expect to rely on the
expertise of our joint venture partner Genzyme to obtain  reimbursement  for the
costs of Aldurazyme.  We cannot predict what the reimbursement rates will be. In
addition,  we will need to develop our own  reimbursement  expertise  for future
drug candidates  unless we enter into  collaborations  with other companies with
the necessary expertise.

We expect that, in the future,  reimbursement  will be  increasingly  restricted
both in the United States and  internationally.  The  escalating  cost of health
care has led to increased  pressure on the health care industry to reduce costs.
Governmental  and private  third-party  payers have proposed health care reforms
and cost reductions. A number of federal and state proposals to control the cost
of health  care,  including  the cost of drug  treatments  have been made in the
United States.  In some foreign  markets,  the  government  controls the pricing
which would affect the profitability of drugs.  Current  government  regulations
and  possible  future  legislation  regarding  health care may affect our future
revenues  from  sales of our drugs and may  adversely  affect our  business  and
prospects.

If we are unable to protect our  proprietary  technology,  we may not be able to
compete as effectively.

Where  appropriate,  we  seek  patent  protection  for  certain  aspects  of our
technology.  Patent  protection  may not be available for some of the enzymes we
are  developing.  If we must spend  significant  time and money  protecting  our
patents,  designing around patents held by others or licensing,  for large fees,
patents or other proprietary  rights held by others,  our business and financial
prospects may be harmed.

The patent  positions of biotechnology  products are complex and uncertain.  The
scope and extent of patent  protection for some of our products are particularly
uncertain  because key  information on some of the enzymes we are developing has
existed in the public domain for many years.  Other  parties have  published the
structure of the enzymes,  the methods for purifying or producing the enzymes or
the methods of treatment. The composition and genetic sequences of animal and/or
human versions of many of our enzymes have been published and are believed to be
in the public domain. The composition and genetic sequences of other MPS enzymes
that we intend to develop as products have also been  published.  Publication of
this  information may prevent us from obtaining  composition-of-matter  patents,
which are generally believed to offer the strongest patent  protection.  For
enzymes with no prospect of broad composition-of-matter  patents, other forms of
patent  protection  or orphan  drug  status may  provide  us with a  competitive
advantage.  As a result of these  uncertainties,  investors  should  not rely on
patents as a means of protecting our product candidates, including Aldurazyme.

                                       10
<PAGE>

We own or license  patents  and patent  applications  to certain of our  product
candidates.  However,  these patents and patent  applications  do not ensure the
protection of our intellectual property for a number of other reasons, including
the following:

        . We do not know whether our patent applications will result in issued
          patents. For example, we may not have developed a method for treating
          a disease before others developed similar methods.

        . Competitors may interfere with our patent process in a variety of
          ways. Competitors may claim that they invented the claimed invention
          prior to us. Competitors may also claim that we are infringing on
          their patents and therefore cannot practice our technology as claimed
          under our patent. Competitors may also contest our patents by showing
          the patent examiner that the invention was not original, was not novel
          or was obvious. In litigation, a competitor could claim that our
          issued patents are not valid for a number of reasons. If a court
          agrees, we would lose that patent. As a company, we have no meaningful
          experience with competitors interfering with our patents or patent
          applications.

        . Enforcing patents is expensive and may absorb significant time of our
          management. Management would spend less time and resources on
          developing products, which could increase our research and development
          expense and delay product programs.

        . Receipt of a patent may not provide much practical protection. If we
          receive a patent with a narrow scope, then it will be easier for
          competitors to design products that do not infringe on our patent.

In addition, competitors also seek patent protection for their technology. There
are many patents in our field of technology,  and we cannot guarantee that we do
not infringe on those patents or that we will not infringe on patents granted in
the future.  If a patent holder believes our product  infringes on their patent,
the patent holder may sue us even if we have received patent  protection for our
technology.  If someone  else claims we infringe on their  technology,  we would
face a number of issues, including the following:

        . Defending a lawsuit takes significant time and can be very expensive.

        . If the court decides that our product infringes on the competitor's
          patent, we may have to pay substantial damages for past infringement.

        . The court may prohibit us from selling or licensing the product unless
          the patent holder licenses the patent to us. The patent holder is not
          required to grant us a license. If a license is available, we may have
          to pay substantial royalties or grant crosslicenses to our patents.

        . Redesigning our product so it does not infringe may not be possible
          or could require substantial funds and time.

It is also unclear  whether our trade  secrets will provide  useful  protection.
While we use reasonable  efforts to protect our trade secrets,  our employees or
consultants  may  unintentionally  or  willfully  disclose  our  information  to
competitors. Enforcing a claim that someone else illegally obtained and is using
our trade secrets, like patent litigation,  is expensive and time consuming, and
the outcome is unpredictable.  In addition, courts outside the United States are
sometimes  less  willing  to  protect  trade  secrets.   Our   competitors   may
independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how.

We may  also  support  and  collaborate  in  research  conducted  by  government
organizations  or by  universities.  We cannot guarantee that we will be able to
acquire  any  exclusive  rights to  technology  or products  derived  from these
collaborations.  If we do not  obtain  required  licenses  or  rights,  we could
encounter delays in product  development while we attempt to design around other
patents or even be prohibited from developing, manufacturing or selling products
requiring these licenses. There is also a risk that disputes may arise as to the
rights to technology or products developed in collaboration with other parties.

The United States Patent and Trademark  Office  recently issued two patents that
relate to  (alpha)-L-iduronidase.  If we are not able to successfully  challenge
these patents, we may be prevented from producing Aldurazyme unless and until we
obtain a license.

The United States Patent and Trademark  Office  recently issued two patents that
include  composition  of  matter  and  method  of  use  claims  for  recombinant
(alpha)-L-iduronidase.   Our  lead  drug  product,   Aldurazyme,   is  based  on
recombinant (alpha)-L-iduronidase.  We believe that these patents are invalid on
a number  of  grounds.  A  corresponding  patent  application  was  filed in the
European   Patent  Office   claiming   composition  of  matter  for  recombinant
(alpha)-L-iduronidase,  and it was  rejected  over prior art and  withdrawn  and
cannot be re-filed.  Nonetheless, under U.S. law, issued patents are entitled to
a  presumption  of  validity,  and our  challenges  to the U.S.  patents  may be
unsuccessful.  Even if we are successful,  challenging  the U.S.  patents may be
expensive,  require our management to devote significant time to this effort and
may delay commercialization of Aldurazyme in the United States.

                                       11
<PAGE>

The patent  holder has granted an  exclusive  license for  products  relating to
these  patents  to one of our  competitors.  If we are  unable  to  successfully
challenge  the  patents,  we may be unable to produce  Aldurazyme  in the United
States unless we can obtain a sublicense from the current licensee.  The current
licensee  is not  required  to  grant us a  license  and  even if a  license  is
available,  we may have to pay substantial  license fees,  which could adversely
affect our business and operating results.

If our joint  venture  with  Genzyme  were  terminated,  we could be barred from
commercializing  Aldurazyme or our ability to commercialize  Aldurazyme would be
delayed or diminished.

We are relying on Genzyme to apply the  expertise it has  developed  through the
launch and sale of other  enzyme-based  products to the marketing of our initial
drug product,  Aldurazyme. We have no experience selling, marketing or obtaining
reimbursement for pharmaceutical products. In addition, without Genzyme we would
be required to pursue  foreign  regulatory  approvals.  We have no experience in
seeking foreign regulatory approvals.

We cannot  guarantee  that  Genzyme  will  devote  the  resources  necessary  to
successfully  market  Aldurazyme.  In addition,  either party may  terminate the
joint venture for specified reasons, including if the other party is in material
breach of the  agreement or has  experienced a change of control or has declared
bankruptcy  and  also is in  breach  of the  agreement.  Either  party  may also
terminate the  agreement  upon  one-year  prior  written  notice for any reason.
Furthermore,  we may terminate the joint venture if Genzyme fails to fulfill its
contractual  obligation to pay us $12.1 million in cash upon the approval of the
BLA for Aldurazyme.

If the joint venture is terminated for breach, the non-breaching  party would be
granted,   exclusively,  all  of  the  rights  to  Aldurazyme  and  any  related
intellectual property and regulatory approvals and would be obligated to buy out
the breaching  party's  interest in the joint  venture.  If we are the breaching
party,  we would  lose our rights to  Aldurazyme  and the  related  intellectual
property and regulatory  approvals.  If the joint venture is terminated  without
cause,  the  non-terminating  party would have the option,  exercisable  for one
year,  to buy out the  terminating  party's  interest  in the joint  venture and
obtain all rights to Aldurazyme exclusively.  In the event of termination of the
buy out option without exercise by the non-terminating party as described above,
all right and title to Aldurazyme is to be sold to the highest bidder,  with the
proceeds to be split equally between Genzyme and us.

If the joint venture is  terminated  by either party because the other  declared
bankruptcy and is also in breach of the agreement,  the terminating  party would
be  obligated  to buy out the other and would  obtain all  rights to  Aldurazyme
exclusively.  If the joint  venture is  terminated  by a party because the other
party  experienced a change of control,  the terminating  party shall notify the
other party, the offeree, of its intent to buy out the offeree's interest in the
joint  venture  for a  stated  amount  set  by  the  terminating  party  at  its
discretion.  The offeree must then either  accept this offer or agree to buy the
terminating party's interest in the joint venture on those same terms. The party
who buys out the other would then have exclusive rights to Aldurazyme.

If we were obligated,  or given the option, to buy out Genzyme's interest in the
joint  venture,  and  gain  exclusive  rights  to  Aldurazyme,  we may not  have
sufficient  funds to do so and we may not be able to obtain the  financing to do
so.  If we fail to buy out  Genzyme's  interest  we may be held in breach of the
agreement  and may lose any claim to the rights to  Aldurazyme  and the  related
intellectual  property and regulatory  approvals.  We would then  effectively be
prohibited from developing and commercializing the product.

Termination  of the joint  venture in which we retain  the rights to  Aldurazyme
could  cause us  significant  delays in  product  launch in the  United  States,
difficulties  in obtaining  third-party  reimbursement  and delays or failure to
obtain  foreign  regulatory  approval,  any of which could hurt our business and
results of operations.  Since Genzyme funds 50% of the joint venture's operating
expenses, the termination of the joint venture would double our financial burden
and reduce the funds available to us for other product programs.

If we are unable to manufacture  our drug products in sufficient  quantities and
at  acceptable  cost,  we may be unable to meet demand for our products and lose
potential revenues or have reduced margins.

Although we have successfully manufactured Aldurazyme at commercial scale within
our cost parameters, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to manufacture any
other drug product successfully with a commercially viable process or at a scale
large enough to support  their  respective  commercial  markets or at acceptable
margins.

Our  manufacturing  processes  may  not  meet  initial  expectations  and we may
encounter  problems with any of the following  measurements of performance if we
attempt to increase the scale or size or improve the commercial viability of our
manufacturing processes:

        . design, construction and qualification of manufacturing facilities
          that meet regulatory requirements;

        . schedule;

        . reproducibility;

        . production yields;

        . purity;

        . costs;

                                       12
<PAGE>

        . quality control and assurance systems;

        . shortages of qualified personnel; and

        . compliance with regulatory requirements.

Improvements in manufacturing  processes typically are very difficult to achieve
and are often very  expensive.  We cannot know with  certainty how long it might
take to make  improvements if it becomes  necessary to do so. If we contract for
manufacturing  services with an unproven  process,  our contractor is subject to
the same uncertainties, high standards and regulatory controls.

The  availability  of suitable  contract  manufacturing  at scheduled or optimum
times is not  certain.  The  cost of  contract  manufacturing  is  greater  than
internal  manufacturing  and therefore our  manufacturing  processes  must be of
higher productivity to yield equivalent margins.

The manufacture of Neutralase  involves the fermentation of a bacterial species.
We have never used a  bacterial  production  process for the  production  of any
commercial product.  IBEX Technologies Inc., from which we acquired  Neutralase,
had contracted  with a third party for the manufacture of the Neutralase used in
prior clinical trials.

We have built-out  approximately 51,800 square feet at our Novato facilities for
manufacturing  capability for Aldurazyme and Aryplase  including related quality
control laboratories,  materials  capabilities,  and support areas. We expect to
add additional  capabilities in stages over time, which could create  additional
operational complexity and challenges.  We expect that the manufacturing process
of all of our new drug products, including Aryplase and Neutralase, will require
significant  time and resources before we can begin to manufacture them (or have
them  manufactured by third parties) in commercial  quantity at acceptable cost.
Even if we can  establish  the  necessary  capacity,  we cannot be certain  that
manufacturing  costs will be  commercially  reasonable,  especially  if contract
manufacturing is employed or if third-party reimbursement is substantially lower
than expected.

In  order to  achieve  our  product  cost  targets,  we must  develop  efficient
manufacturing processes either by:

        . improving the product yield from our current cell lines, colonies of
          cells which have a common genetic makeup;

        . improving the manufacturing processes licensed from others; or

        . developing more efficient, lower cost recombinant cell lines and
          production processes.

A recombinant cell line is a cell line with foreign DNA inserted that is used to
produce an enzyme or other  protein that it would not have  otherwise  produced.
The  development of a stable,  high production cell line for any given enzyme is
difficult, expensive and unpredictable and may not result in adequate yields. In
addition, the development of protein purification processes is difficult and may
not produce the high purity required with acceptable  yield and costs or may not
result in  adequate  shelf-lives  of the final  products.  If we are not able to
develop  efficient  manufacturing  processes,  the  investment in  manufacturing
capacity sufficient to satisfy market demand will be much greater and will place
heavy  financial  demands upon us. If we do not achieve our  manufacturing  cost
targets,  we will have lower  margins and reduced  profitability  in  commercial
production and larger losses in manufacturing start-up phases.

If we are unable to create marketing and  distribution  capabilities or to enter
into  agreements  with third parties to do so, our ability to generate  revenues
will be diminished.

If we  cannot  increase  capabilities  either  by  developing  our own sales and
marketing  organization or by entering into  agreements  with others,  we may be
unable to successfully  sell our products.  If we are unable to effectively sell
our drug products, our ability to generate revenues will be diminished.

Under our joint venture with Genzyme,  Genzyme is responsible  for marketing and
distributing  Aldurazyme.  We cannot guarantee that we will be able to establish
sales and  distribution  capabilities  or that the  joint  venture,  any  future
collaborators or we will successfully sell any of our drug products.

With our  acquisition  of  Neutralase  from IBEX  Technologies  Inc., we have an
enzyme product that has a significantly larger potential patient population than
Aldurazyme  and  Aryplase  and will be  marketed  and sold to  different  target
audiences with different therapeutic and financial  requirements and needs. As a
result,  we  will  be  competing  with  other   pharmaceutical   companies  with
experienced  and  well-funded  sales and marketing  operations  targeting  these
specific physician and institutional audiences. We may not be able to create our
own sales and  marketing  force or of a size that would allow us to compete with
these  other  companies.  If we elect to enter into  third-party  marketing  and
distribution  agreements in order to sell into these markets, we may not be able
to enter into these  agreements  on  acceptable  terms,  if at all. If we cannot
compete  effectively in these specific physician and institutional  markets,  it
would adversely affect sales of Neutralase.

                                       13
<PAGE>

If we fail to compete  successfully,  our revenues and operating results will be
adversely affected.

Our  competitors  may develop,  manufacture  and market  products  that are more
effective or less expensive than ours. They may also obtain regulatory approvals
for their products faster than we can obtain them, including those products with
orphan drug  designation,  or commercialize  their products before we do. If our
competitors  successfully  commercialize  a  product  that  treats a given  rare
genetic disease before we do, we will effectively be precluded from developing a
product  to treat that  disease  because  the  patient  populations  of the rare
genetic  diseases are so small. If our competitor gets orphan drug  exclusivity,
we could be precluded from marketing our version for seven years in the U.S. and
ten years in the European  Union.  However,  different drugs can be approved for
the same condition.  These  companies also compete with us to attract  qualified
personnel  and  organizations   for   acquisitions,   joint  ventures  or  other
collaborations.   They  also  compete  with  us  to  attract  academic  research
institutions  as  partners  and  to  license  these  institutions'   proprietary
technology.  If our competitors  successfully enter into partnering arrangements
or license  agreements  with  academic  research  institutions,  we will then be
precluded  from  pursuing  those  specific  opportunities.  Since  each of these
opportunities  is  unique,  we may not be able  to  find a  substitute.  Several
pharmaceutical and biotechnology  companies have already established  themselves
in the field of  enzyme  therapeutics,  including  Genzyme,  our  joint  venture
partner. These companies have already begun many drug development programs, some
of which  may  target  diseases  that we are also  targeting,  and have  already
entered into  partnering  and  licensing  arrangements  with  academic  research
institutions, reducing the pool of available opportunities.

Universities and public and private research  institutions are also competitors.
While  these   organizations   primarily  have  educational  or  basic  research
objectives,  they may develop proprietary technology and acquire patents that we
may need for the  development of our drug  products.  We will attempt to license
this proprietary technology,  if available.  These licenses may not be available
to us on acceptable  terms, if at all. We also directly compete with a number of
these organizations to recruit personnel, especially scientists and technicians.

If we do not achieve milestones as expected, our stock price may decline.

For planning  purposes,  we estimate the timing of the accomplishment of various
scientific,  clinical, regulatory and other milestones, such as the commencement
or completion of scientific  studies and clinical  trials and the  submission of
regulatory  filings.  These  estimates,  some  of  which  are  included  in this
prospectus,  are based on a variety of  assumptions.  The actual timing of these
milestones can vary  dramatically  compared to our estimates,  in many cases for
reasons beyond our control.

If we fail to manage  our growth or fail to recruit  and retain  personnel,  our
product development programs may be delayed.

Our rapid growth has strained our managerial,  operational,  financial and other
resources.  We expect  this growth to  continue.  We have  entered  into a joint
venture with Genzyme.  If we receive FDA and/or foreign  government  approval to
market  Aldurazyme,  the joint  venture  will be required  to devote  additional
resources to support the commercialization of Aldurazyme.

To manage expansion effectively,  we need to continue to develop and improve our
research and development  capabilities,  manufacturing  and quality  capacities,
sales and marketing  capabilities and financial and administrative  systems.  We
cannot guarantee that our staff,  financial  resources,  systems,  procedures or
controls will be adequate to support our operations or that our management  will
be able to manage successfully future market  opportunities or our relationships
with customers and other third parties.

Our future growth and success depend on our ability to recruit,  retain,  manage
and motivate our employees. The loss of key scientific, technical and managerial
personnel may delay or otherwise harm our product development programs. Any harm
to our research and development programs would harm our business and prospects.

Because of the specialized  scientific and managerial nature of our business, we
rely  heavily  on our  ability  to  attract  and  retain  qualified  scientific,
technical and managerial personnel. In particular, the loss of Fredric D. Price,
our Chairman and Chief Executive  Officer,  or Emil D. Kakkis,  M.D., Ph.D., our
Senior Vice President of Scientific Affairs or Christopher M. Starr,  Ph.D., our
Senior Vice President for Research and  Development,  could be detrimental to us
if we cannot recruit suitable  replacements in a timely manner. While Mr. Price,
Dr. Kakkis and Dr. Starr are parties to employment agreements with us, we cannot
guarantee  that they will remain  employed  with us in the future.  In addition,
these  agreements  do not restrict  their ability to compete with us after their
employment  is  terminated.  The  competition  for  qualified  personnel  in the
biopharmaceutical  field is intense.  We cannot be certain that we will continue
to attract and retain qualified  personnel  necessary for the development of our
business.

If we fail  to  effectively  integrate  the  recently  acquired  Neutralase  and
Phenylase programs and those acquired from Synapse  Technologies,  Inc. into our
current  operations,  the efficient execution of these product programs could be
delayed and our  operating  and  research  and  development  expenditures  could
increase beyond anticipated levels.

Our recent  acquisition  of assets from IBEX  Technologies  Inc.,  including the
Neutralase and Phenylase product programs and from Synapse  Technologies,  Inc.,
will need to be  integrated  with our  current  operations.  This  will  include
several  technical  and  administrative   challenges,   including  managing  the
information transfer,  integrating certain of our former technical staff members
at Ibex and Synapse  into our research and  development  structure  and managing
multiple  operations  in  different  countries.  If we do  not  accomplish  this
integration  effectively,  our programs  could be delayed and our  operating and
research and development  expenditures could increase beyond anticipated levels.
Additionally,  the integration  could require a significant time commitment from
our senior management.

Changes in methods of treatment of disease could reduce demand for our products.

Even if our drug products are approved, doctors must use treatments that require
using those products. If doctors elect a different course of treatment from that
which includes our drug products, this decision would reduce demand for our drug
products.

                                       14
<PAGE>

Examples  include the potential use in the future of effective  gene therapy for
the treatment of genetic diseases.  The use of gene therapy could  theoretically
reduce or  eliminate  the use of enzyme  replacement  therapy  in MPS  diseases.
Sometimes,  this change in treatment method can be caused by the introduction of
other  companies'  products or the  development of new  technologies or surgical
procedures  which may not directly  compete with ours, but which have the effect
of changing how doctors  decide to treat a disease.  For example,  Neutralase is
being  developed  for heparin  reversal  in CABG  surgery.  It is possible  that
alternative  non-surgical  methods of treating heart disease could be developed.
If so, then the demand for Neutralase would likely decrease.

If product liability lawsuits are successfully  brought against us, we may incur
substantial liabilities.

We are exposed to the potential product liability risks inherent in the testing,
manufacturing and marketing of human  pharmaceuticals.  The BioMarin/Genzyme LLC
maintains product liability insurance for our clinical trials of Aldurazyme.  We
have obtained  insurance  against  product  liability  lawsuits for the clinical
trials for Aryplase  and  Vibrilase.  We may be subject to claims in  connection
with our current  clinical  trials for  Aldurazyme,  Aryplase and  Vibrilase for
which the joint venture's or our insurance coverages are not adequate. We cannot
be certain that if Aldurazyme,  Aryplase or Vibrilase receives FDA approval, the
product  liability  insurance  the  joint  venture  or we will need to obtain in
connection with the commercial  sales of Aldurazyme,  Aryplase or Vibrilase will
be available in  meaningful  amounts or at a reasonable  cost.  In addition,  we
cannot be certain that we can successfully  defend any product liability lawsuit
brought  against us. If we are the  subject of a  successful  product  liability
claim which exceeds the limits of any insurance  coverage we may obtain,  we may
incur  substantial  liabilities  which would  adversely  affect our earnings and
financial condition.

Our stock price may be volatile,  and an investment in our stock could suffer a
decline in value.

Our  valuation  and stock price since the beginning of trading after our initial
public  offering  have had no meaningful  relationship  to current or historical
earnings,  asset values, book value or many other criteria based on conventional
measures of stock value. The market price of our common stock will fluctuate due
to factors including:

        . progress of Aldurazyme, Neutralase, Aryplase and our other lead drug
          products through the regulatory process, especially regulatory actions
          in the United States related to Aldurazyme;

        . results of clinical trials, announcements of technological innovations
          or new products by us or our competitors;

        . government  regulatory  action  affecting  our drug products or our
          competitors'  drug products in both the United States and foreign
          countries;

        . developments or disputes concerning patent or proprietary rights;

        . general market conditions and fluctuations for the emerging growth and
          biopharmaceutical market sectors;

        . economic conditions in the United States or abroad;

        . actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

        . broad  market  fluctuations  in the United  States or in  Europe,
          which may cause the  market  price of our  common  stock to fluctuate;
          and

        . changes in company assessments or financial estimates by securities
          analysts

In addition, the value of our common stock may fluctuate because it is listed on
both the Nasdaq National Market and the Swiss Exchange's SWX New Market. Listing
on both exchanges may increase stock price volatility due to:

        . trading in different time zones;

        . different ability to buy or sell our stock;

        . different market conditions in different capital markets; and

        . different trading volume.

In the past,  following  periods of large price  declines  in the public  market
price of a company's  securities,  securities class action  litigation has often
been  initiated  against that  company.  Litigation of this type could result in
substantial costs and diversion of management's  attention and resources,  which
would hurt our business.  Any adverse  determination  in  litigation  could also
subject us to significant liabilities.

                                       15
<PAGE>

If our officers,  directors and largest stockholder elect to act together,  they
may be able to  control  our  management  and  operations,  acting in their best
interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders.

Our directors and officers control  approximately 28% of the outstanding  shares
of our  common  stock.  Glyko  Biomedical  Ltd.  owns  approximately  22% of the
outstanding  shares of our capital  stock.  The  president  and chief  executive
officer of Glyko  Biomedical and a significant  shareholder of Glyko  Biomedical
serve as two of our directors.  As a result, due to their concentration of stock
ownership,  directors and officers, if they act together, may be able to control
our  management  and  operations,  and  may be able to  prevail  on all  matters
requiring a stockholder vote including:

        . The election of all directors;

        . The amendment of charter documents or the approval of a merger, sale
          of assets or other major corporate transactions; and

        . The defeat of any non-negotiated takeover attempt that might otherwise
          benefit the public stockholders.

Anti-takeover  provisions in our charter  documents  and under  Delaware law may
make an  acquisition  of us, which may be beneficial to our  stockholders,  more
difficult.

We are incorporated in Delaware.  Certain  anti-takeover  provisions of Delaware
law and our  charter  documents  as  currently  in  effect  may make a change in
control of our  company  more  difficult,  even if a change in control  would be
beneficial to the stockholders.  Our anti-takeover provisions include provisions
in the certificate of incorporation  providing that  stockholders'  meetings may
only be called by the board of directors and a provision in the bylaws providing
that the stockholders may not take action by written consent.  Additionally, our
board of  directors  has the  authority to issue  1,000,000  shares of preferred
stock and to determine  the terms of those  shares of stock  without any further
action by the  stockholders.  The  rights of  holders  of our  common  stock are
subject to the rights of the holders of any preferred  stock that may be issued.
The issuance of preferred  stock could make it more  difficult for a third party
to  acquire a  majority  of our  outstanding  voting  stock.  Delaware  law also
prohibits  corporations from engaging in a business combination with any holders
of 15% or more of their  capital  stock  until the holder has held the stock for
three years unless, among other  possibilities,  the board of directors approves
the  transaction.  Our board of directors  may use these  provisions  to prevent
changes in the management  and control of our company.  Also,  under  applicable
Delaware law, our board of directors may adopt additional anti-takeover measures
in the future.

                                       16
<PAGE>

Item 2.   Properties

We are currently  leasing a total of seven buildings.  Five of our buildings are
located  in  Novato,  California,  each  within  a  half-mile  radius.  The five
buildings, each named for the streets on which they are located, are:

         o     Bel Marin Keys facility

         o     Galli Drive facility

         o     Pimentel Court facility

         o     79 Digital Drive facility

         o     95 Digital Drive facility

The sixth  building is located in Torrance,  California  and is currently  being
subleased  until the lease  expires in August  2002.  The  seventh  building  is
located in Montreal,  Ontario, Canada, which we sublease from IBEX Technologies,
Inc.  for our  research  and  development  efforts  relating to  Neutralase  and
Phenylase. The Montreal sublease expires in October 2002.

The  Bel  Marin  Keys  facility  houses  administrative  staff  and  a  clinical
production  laboratory.  It consists of  approximately  13,400 square feet.  The
lease  expires  in May  2004.  We have an  option  to  extend  the lease for one
additional three-year period.

The Galli Drive facility consists of approximately  69,800 rentable square feet.
It currently houses research and development laboratories, storage and warehouse
functions,  administrative  offices, and our Aldurazyme  manufacturing facility.
The lease expires in August 2010 and has the option to extend for two additional
five-year periods.

The Pimentel Court facility,  with approximately  11,500 square feet, houses the
manufacturing,  research and administrative  operations of Glyko, Inc. The lease
expires in April 2003 and has options for two 2-year extensions.

Our  79  Digital  Drive  facility  leased   commencing  in  late  2001  provides
warehousing support for our entire organization. Its primary focus is to provide
controlled  access  warehousing and the required  segregation and testing of all
cGMP raw materials used in our manufacturing operations. In addition, 79 Digital
serves  as the  primary  shipping,  receiving  and  storage  point for all other
materials used throughout our entire organization.

The 95 Digital Drive facility,  34,000 rentable square feet, is planned to house
research  and  process  development  functions.  The  building  shell  has  been
completed.  Development of internal  laboratory  space is on hold until at least
2002. When fully developed, it will consist of approximately 42,000 square feet.
The lease expires in November 2009.

Our  administrative  office  space is expected  to be adequate  until the end of
2002,  at  which  time  we may  add  additional  office  space.  We may  need to
supplement our production  facilities'  capacity if the market penetration rates
are such that the output  from our  facilities  would be less than the  markets'
demands.  Based on the timelines for Neutralase  and Vibrilase,  we will have to
develop,  purchase  from  third  parties,  or enter into  agreements  with third
parties for contact  manufacturing for these products for production of clinical
materials,  beginning  in  2002.  We plan  to use  contract  manufacturing  when
appropriate  to provide  product for both clinical and  commercial  requirements
until such time as we believe  it  prudent  to  develop  in-house  manufacturing
capability.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

We have no material legal proceedings pending.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security-Holders

No matters were  submitted to a vote of our security  holders during the quarter
ended December 31, 2001.

                                       17
<PAGE>

                                     Part II

Item 5.  Market For Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

As of July 1999, our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq  National Market
and the Swiss New Market SWX under the symbol "BMRN".  The following  table sets
forth the high and low sales prices for our common stock for the periods  noted,
as reported by Nasdaq National Market.

                                                                Prices
  Year                        Period                     High             Low



  2000                     First Quarter                $41.25          $11.00
  2000                    Second Quarter                $30.38          $16.00
  2000                     Third Quarter                $21.86          $15.75
  2000                    Fourth Quarter                $18.50          $15.75
  2001                     First Quarter                $13.25           $6.56
  2001                    Second Quarter                $13.29           $7.50
  2001                     Third Quarter                $13.74           $8.07
  2001                    Fourth Quarter                $14.40           $8.65


On March 15, 2002,  the last reported sale price on the Nasdaq  National  Market
for our common  stock was $10.55.  We have never paid any cash  dividends on our
common stock and we do not anticipate  paying cash dividends in the  foreseeable
future.

Holders

As of March 15, 2002, there were 80 holders of record of 52,447,402  outstanding
shares of our  common  stock.  Additionally,  on such date  options  to  acquire
7,573,124  shares of our common stock and warrants to acquire  752,427 shares of
our common stock were outstanding.

Unregistered Securities

On  October  31,  2001,  we  issued  814,647  shares  of  common  stock  to IBEX
Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries as partial consideration for our purchase
of  the  intellectual  property  and  other  assets  associated  with  the  IBEX
therapeutic  enzyme drug products  (including  Neutralase and Phenylase).  These
shares were issued  pursuant to an exemption  from  registration  under  Section
4(2), of the Securities Act of 1933. These shares were appropriately legended to
indicate  that  the  shares  may  not be  resold  unless  registered  under  the
Securities Act or an exemption  from  registration  is available.  We have since
registered these shares for resale through a registration statement on Form S-3.

                                       18
<PAGE>

Item 6.  Selected consolidated financial data (in thousands, except per share
         data)

The selected consolidated  financial data set forth below contain only a portion
of our financial  statement  information and should be read in conjunction  with
the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  of BioMarin  Pharmaceutical  Inc.  and
related Notes and "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition
and  Results of  Operations"  included  elsewhere  herein.  All  financial  data
presented in thousands, except per share data.

We derived the  statement of operations  data for the interim  period from March
21, 1997 through  December 31, 1997 and the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999,
2000 and 2001 and balance sheet data as of December 31, 1997,  1998,  1999, 2000
and  2001  from  audited  financial  statements.   Historical  results  are  not
necessarily indicative of results that we may expect in the future.

<table>
<S>                                              <C>               <C>                  <C>          <C>          <C>

                                                    Period from
                                                   March 21, 1997
                                                   (inception) to
                                                    December 31,                     Year ended December 31,
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated statements
of operations data:                                      1997              1998         1999          2000          2001
----------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          (in thousands, except for per share data)

Revenues                                                  $    --         $    854      $ 5,300      $ 9,714      $ 11,699
   Operating costs and expenses:

    Research and development                                1,914           10,288       26,341       34,459        45,283
    General and administrative                                914            3,146        4,757        6,507         6,718
    In-process research and development                                                                             11,647
    Facility closure                                           --               --           --        4,423
                                                           ------           ------       ------       ------       -------
        Total operating costs and expenses                  2,828           13,434       31,098       45,389        63,648
                                                           ------           ------       ------       ------       -------
Loss from operations                                       (2,828)         (12,580)     (25,798)     (35,675)      (51,949)
Interest income                                                65              685        1,832        2,979         1,871
Interest expense                                               --               --         (732)          (7)          (17)
Equity in loss of joint venture                                --              (47)      (1,673)      (2,912)       (7,333)
                                                           ------           ------       ------       ------       -------
Net loss continuing operations                             (2,763)         (11,942)     (26,371)     (35,615)      (57,428)
Loss from discontinued operations                               -             (372)      (1,701)      (1,749)       (2,266)
Loss from disposal of discontinued operations                   -                -            -            -        (7,912)
                                                           ------           ------      -------       ------       -------
Net loss                                                  $(2,763)        $(12,314)    $(28,072)    $(37,364)     $(67,606)
                                                           ======           ======      =======       ======       =======


Net loss per share, basic and diluted
   Loss from continued operations                          $(0.34)          $(0.53)      $(0.88)      $(0.99)       $(1.40)
                                                           ======           ======       ======       =======       =======
   Loss from discontinued operations                        $   -           $(0.02)      $(0.06)      $(0.05)      $ (0.06)
                                                           ======           ======       ======       =======       =======
   Loss on disposal of discontinued operations              $   -           $    -       $    -       $    -       $ (0.19)
                                                           ======           ======       ======       =======       =======
   Net loss                                                $(0.34)          $(0.55)      $(0.94)      $(1.04)      $ (1.65)
                                                           ======           ======       ======       =======       =======

Weighted average common shares outstanding                  8,136           22,488       29,944       35,859        41,083
                                                           ======           ======       ======       =======       =======

                                                                                   December 31,
                                                  -------------------- -----------------------------------------------------
Consolidated                                                1997            1998         1999          2000         2001
balance sheet data:
------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ --------------

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term                     $6,888          $11,389      $62,986       $40,201       $131,097
investments
Total current assets                                       7,507           12,819       66,422        44,541        136,783
Total assets                                               7,653           31,510      103,549        76,933        171,811
Long-term liabilities                                         --              110           85            56          3,961
Total stockholders' equity                                 7,380           29,394       98,377        69,994        159,548
---------------------------

</table>

See notes to our consolidated financial statements  incorporated by reference in
this  prospectus  for a  description  of  the  number  of  shares  used  in  the
computation of the net loss per common share.

                                       19
<PAGE>

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
         of Operations


The following  discussion  of the financial  condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction  with our  consolidated  financial  statements and
their notes appearing elsewhere in this document.

Overview

We develop  enzyme  therapies to treat  serious,  life-threatening  diseases and
conditions.  We leverage  our  expertise  in enzyme  biology to develop  product
candidates  for the treatment of genetic  diseases,  including MPS I, MPS VI and
PKU, as well as other critical care  situations such as  cardiovascular  surgery
and serious burns. Our product  candidates address markets for which no products
are currently  available or where current  products  have been  associated  with
major   deficiencies.   We  focus  on  conditions  with   well-defined   patient
populations, including genetic diseases, which require chronic therapy.

Our lead  product  candidate,  Aldurazyme,  which  recently  completed a Phase 3
trial, is being developed for the treatment of  Mucopolysaccharidosis  I (MPS I)
disease.  We are  developing  our  second  product  candidate,  Neutralase,  for
reversal of  anticoagulation by heparin in patients  undergoing  Coronary Artery
Bypass Graft, or CABG,  surgery and  angioplasty.  In addition to Aldurazyme and
Neutralase,  we are developing other enzyme-based therapeutics for the treatment
of a  variety  of  diseases  and  conditions.  These  include  Aryplase  for the
treatment of MPS VI,  Vibrilase,  a topical  enzyme  product for use in removing
burned skin tissue in preparation for skin grafting or other therapy,  and other
enzyme product candidates,  currently in preclinical development for genetic and
other diseases.

Results of Operations

In  February  2002,  we decided to close the  carbohydrate  analytical  business
portion of our wholly  owned  subsidiary,  Glyko,  Inc.,  which  provided all of
Glyko,  Inc.'s revenues.  The decision to close Glyko,  Inc. has resulted in the
operations  of Glyko Inc.  being  classified as  discontinued  operations in our
consolidated  financial  statements  and,  accordingly,  we have  segregated the
assets  and  liabilities  of the  discontinued  operations  in our  consolidated
balance sheets.  In addition,  we have  segregated the operating  results in our
consolidated  statements  of  operations  and have  segregated  cash  flows from
discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of cash flows.

Years Ended December 31, 2001 and 2000

For the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000,  revenues were $11.7 million and
$9.7  million,  respectively.  Revenues from our joint venture with Genzyme were
$11.3  million and $9.7 million,  and other  revenues were $0.4 million and zero
representing  grant  revenues  for the years ended  December  31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively.  The increase in joint venture  revenues in 2001 was primarily the
result of increased manufacturing  activities in support of our Phase 3 clinical
trial and our  Phase 1 and  Phase 3  extension  studies,  increased  regulatory,
clinical and plant and process  validation efforts in preparation for a BLA that
will be filed as soon as possible.

Research and development  expenses increased to $45.3 million in 2001 from $34.5
million in 2000.  The major  factors in the growth of research  and  development
expenses include  increased  expenses in support of the Aldurazyme joint venture
with Genzyme, especially manufacturing, regulatory and clinical requirements, of
manufacturing and clinical requirements to support our Phase 1 clinical trial of
Aryplase,  of the  contract  manufacturing  requirements  to support our Phase 1
clinical trial of Vibrilase and the increased  manufacturing and research staff,
including the scientific staff we assumed in Montreal, Canada in our purchase of
the  therapeutic  assets of IBEX  Technologies,  Inc.  and its  subsidiaries  in
October  2001,  to support our product  programs.  We  anticipate  research  and
development  expenditures  to increase in the future in order to further develop
our drug product candidates.

General and administrative  expenses increased to $6.7 million in 2001 from $6.5
million in 2000.  This increase was primarily due to the costs  incurred in 2001
in legal and other fees  associated  with the  potential  purchase of all of the
outstanding  capital stock of Glyko  Biomedical  Ltd. by us (in exchange for our
common  stock)  anticipated  to close in the second  quarter of 2002,  increased
staffing in finance,  business development,  information systems and purchasing,
partially  offset by savings due to the  elimination  of the President  position
from our executive team. We anticipate general and  administrative  expenditures
to increase in the future relating to the increased  headcount and facilities to
support the growth of our Company.

In-process research and development  represents all of the purchase price of our
acquisition of the IBEX therapeutic assets in October 2001 plus related expenses
totaling $11.7 million. On October 31, 2001, we purchased from IBEX Technologies
Inc. and its subsidiaries the intellectual  property and other assets associated
with the  IBEX  therapeutic  enzyme  drug  products  (including  Neutralase  and
Phenylase) for $10.4 million,  consisting of $2 million in cash and $8.4 million
in our common stock at $10.218 per share (814,647  shares).  In connection  with
the  purchase  of the IBEX  therapeutic  assets,  we issued  options to purchase
43,861  shares  of our  common  stock.  These  options  were  valued  using  the
Black-Scholes  option pricing model and the resulting  valuation of $291,000 was
included as additional  purchase price.  The purchase  agreement  includes up to
approximately $9.5 million in contingency  payments upon regulatory  approval of
Neutralase  and  Phenylase,  provided that approval  occurs prior to October 31,
2006.

                                 20
<PAGE>

Facility closure in 2000, represents a charge of $4.4 million for the closure of
our  Carson  Street  clinical  manufacturing   facility.  The  charge  primarily
consisted  of  impairment  reserves for  leasehold  improvements  and  equipment
located in the Carson Street facility.

Interest  income  decreased  by $1.1  million to $1.9  million in 2001 from $3.0
million in 2000  primarily due to the decrease in cash  available for investment
through  most of the 2001 (as our  significant  follow-on  offering  occurred in
December  2001) and the  decrease  in interest  rates  available  on  short-term
investments.

Interest expense for 2001 and 2000 were  immaterial.  We expect interest expense
to increase in future years due to an equipment  loan  executed for $5.5 million
in December 2001.

Our equity in the loss of our joint  venture  with  Genzyme was $7.3 million for
2001  compared  to $2.9  million  for 2000,  as the joint  venture  conducted  a
multi-site,  placebo-controlled  Phase 3  clinical  trial of 45  patients  which
commenced in December 2000 and continued extension studies of the original Phase
1 clinical trial and the Phase 3 clinical trial of Aldurazyme.

Net loss from  continuing  operations was $57.4 million ($1.40 per share,  basic
and diluted) and $35.6 million ($0.99 per share, basic and diluted) for 2001 and
2000, respectively.

Loss from discontinued operations relating to the Glyko, Inc. analytics business
increased by $0.6  million to $2.3  million in 2001  compared to $1.7 million in
2000 due to the increased  sales and  production  staff in 2001 in an attempt to
grow the core analytics business.

Loss from disposal of discontinued operations represents the Glyko, Inc. closure
expense of $7.9 million in 2001  consisting  primarily of an impairment  reserve
against the unamortized  balance of goodwill and other intangible assets related
to the initial  acquisition  of Glyko,  Inc.  The  majority  of the Glyko,  Inc.
employees  will be  incorporated  into  our  business  and such  employees  will
continue to provide necessary  analytic and diagnostic  support to the Company's
therapeutic products.

Net loss was $67.6  million  ($1.65  per  share,  basic and  diluted)  and $37.4
million ($1.04 per share, basic and diluted) for 2001 and 2000, respectively.

Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999

For the years ended  December 31, 2000 and 1999,  revenues were $9.7 million and
$5.3  million,  respectively  representing  revenues from our joint venture with
Genzyme. The increase in joint venture revenues in 2000 was primarily the result
of increased  manufacturing  activities as we began enzyme production in our new
Galli Drive manufacturing facility in Novato, California.

Research and development  expenses increased to $34.5 million in 2000 from $26.3
million in 1999.  Increased  expenses in support of the Aldurazyme joint venture
with Genzyme, especially manufacturing requirements, and of the Aryplase program
were the major factors in the growth of research and development expenses.

General and administrative  expenses increased to $6.5 million in 2000 from $4.8
million in 1999.  This  increase was  partially due to tthe increase in staffing
and facilities in 2000.

In the first  quarter  of 2000,  we  recorded a charge of $4.4  million  for the
closure of our Carson Street clinical  manufacturing  facility. The facility was
no longer required for the production of Aldurazyme,  the initial purpose of the
plant,  after a decision by the  BioMarin/Genzyme  LLC joint  venture to use our
Galli Drive facility for the manufacture of bulk Aldurazyme both for the Phase 3
trial and for the commercial  launch of  Aldurazyme.  This decision was based in
part on FDA guidance to use an improved production process,  which was installed
in the Galli facility,  for the clinical  trial,  for the BLA submission and for
the  commercial  production.  The majority of our technical  staff at the Carson
Street facility transferred to the Galli Drive facility in Novato, California in
May 2000. The charge  primarily  consisted of impairment  reserves for leasehold
improvements and equipment located in the Carson Street facility.

Interest  income  increased  to $3.0  million in 2000 from $1.8  million in 1999
primarily  due to increased  cash  reserves  resulting  from our initial  public
offering  (concurrent  with an  investment  by  Genzyme)  in July 1999 and funds
received from exercise of stock options and warrants.

                                       21
<PAGE>

Interest  expense  decreased by $0.7 million in 2000 compared to 1999 due to the
interest  accrued  in 1999 from  April  through  July on our  convertible  notes
payable which,  along with the accrued interest  converted into our common stock
issued to note holders concurrent with our initial public offering.

Our equity in the loss of our joint  venture  with  Genzyme was $2.9 million for
2000  compared to $1.7  million for 1999,  as the joint  venture  continued  the
original clinical trial of Aldurazyme and began a Phase 3 clinical trial.

Net loss from  continuing  operations was $35.6 million ($0.99 per share,  basic
and diluted) and $26.4 million ($0.88 per share, basic and diluted) for 2000 and
1999, respectively.

Loss  from   discontinued   operations  was  $1.7  million  for  2000  and  1999
representing the Glyko, Inc. analytics business.

The net loss was $37.4  million  ($1.04 per share,  basic and diluted) and $28.1
million ($.94 per share, basic and diluted) for 2000 and 1999, respectively.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

We have  financed our  operations  since our inception by the issuance of common
stock and convertible notes, equipment financing and the related interest income
earned on cash balances available for short-term investment. Since inception, we
have raised  aggregate  net  proceeds of  approximately  $286  million.  We were
initially  funded by an  investment  from GBL. We have since  raised  additional
capital from the sale of our common  stock in both public and private  offerings
and the sale of our other  securities,  all of which have since  converted  into
common stock.

Our combined cash, cash  equivalents and short-term  investments  totaled $131.1
million at December 31, 2001 an increase of $90.9  million from $40.2 million at
December 31, 2000.  The primary uses of cash during the year ended  December 31,
2001 were to finance  operations,  fund the joint  venture,  purchase  leasehold
improvements  and equipment  and purchase the  therapeutic  assets of IBEX.  The
primary sources of cash during the year were:

 o the issuance of common stock in a follow-on offering in December 2001 netting
   us approximately $90.4 million;
 o the issuance of common stock in a private placement in May 2001 netting us
   approximately $41.6 million;
 o the issuance of common stock to Acqua Wellington and its affiliates during
   2001 pursuant to our agreement with Acqua Wellington, including their
   participation in our private placement, netting us, in the aggregate,
   approximately $14.2 million;
 o equipment financing of $5.5 million; and
 o the issuance of common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options under
   the 1997 Stock Plan and the 1998 Director Plan and pursuant to our Employee
   Stock Purchase Plan, the aggregate exercise price of which totaled
   approximately $1.6 million.

For the year ended December 31, 2001, operations used $23.1 million, we invested
$18.2  million  in the  joint  venture  (which  was  consumed  in joint  venture
operations),  we purchased $17.8 million of leasehold improvements and equipment
and we purchased the therapeutic assets of IBEX in exchange for our common stock
plus $3 million in cash and out of pocket expenses.

From our inception  through  December 31, 2001, we have purchased  approximately
$51.1  million of  leasehold  improvements  and  equipment.  We expect  that our
investment in leasehold  improvements and equipment will increase  significantly
during the next two years because we will provide facilities and equipment for a
larger staff and increase manufacturing capacity.

We have  made and plan to make  substantial  commitments  to  capital  projects,
including  developing new research and development  facilities and expanding our
administrative and support offices.

In September 1998, we established a joint venture with Genzyme for the worldwide
development and  commercialization  of Aldurazyme for the treatment of MPS I. We
share expenses and profits from the joint venture equally with Genzyme.  Genzyme
has committed to pay us an additional $12.1 million upon approval of the BLA for
Aldurazyme.

On May 16, 2001, we sold 4,763,712 shares of our common stock at $9.45 per share
and, for no additional  consideration,  issued  three-year  warrants to purchase
714,554  shares of common  stock at an  exercise  price of $13.10  per share and
received net proceeds of approximately  $41.6 million.  Also, on May 17, 2001, a
fund managed by Acqua  Wellington  purchased  105,821 shares of common stock and
received  warrants to purchase  15,873  shares of common stock on the same price
and  terms  as the May  16,  2001  transaction;  we  received  net  proceeds  of
approximately $1 million.

In August  2001,  we signed an amended  agreement  with Acqua  Wellington  North
American  Equities Fund Ltd. (Acqua  Wellington) for an equity investment in us.
The  agreement  allows for the  purchase of up to $27.7  million  (approximately
2,500,000 shares). Under the terms of the agreement,  we will have the option to
request that Acqua  Wellington  invest in us through sales of registered  common
stock at a small  discount  to market  price.  The  maximum  amount  that we may
request to be bought in any one month is dependent  upon the market price of the
stock (or an amount that can be mutually  agreed-upon  by both  parties)  and is
referred  to as the "Draw Down  Amount."  Subject to certain  conditions,  Acqua
Wellington  is obligated to purchase this amount if requested to do so by us. In
addition,  we may, at our discretion,  grant a "Call Option" to Acqua Wellington
for an  additional  investment  in an amount up to the "Draw Down Amount"  which
Acqua  Wellington  may or  may  not  choose  to  exercise.  During  2001,  Acqua
Wellington  purchased  1,344,194  shares for $13.5 million ($13.2 million net of
issuance costs). Under this agreement,  Acqua Wellington may also purchase stock
and receive similar terms of any other equity financing by us.

                                       22
<PAGE>

On December 13, 2001,  we  completed a follow-on  public  offering of our common
stock. In the offering, we sold 8,050,000 shares,  including 1,050,000 shares to
cover  over-allotments,  at a price to the public of $12.00  per share.  The net
proceeds to us were approximately $90.4 million.

During  December  2001, we entered into three separate  agreements  with General
Electric Capital Corporation for secured loans totaling $5.5 million.  The notes
bear  interest  (ranging  from  9.1%  to  9.31%)  and  are  secured  by  certain
manufacturing and laboratory equipment.  Additionally,  one of the agreements is
subject to a covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum  unrestricted  cash
balance of $25  million.  Should the  unrestricted  cash  balance fall below $25
million,  the note is  subject to  prepayment,  including  prepayment  penalties
ranging from 1% to 4%.

The net proceeds from any sales of our common stock or equipment  financing will
be used to fund  operating  costs,  capital  expenditures  and  working  capital
requirements, which may include costs associated with our lead clinical programs
including  Aldurazyme for MPS I, Neutralase for heparin  reversal,  Aryplase for
MPS VI and Vibrilase for burn wounds. In addition, net proceeds may also be used
for  research  and  development  of other  pipeline  products,  building  of our
supporting infrastructure, and other general corporate purposes.

We expect our current funds to last through 2003.

We do not expect to generate  positive cash flow from  operations at least until
2004  because  we expect to  increase  operational  expenses  and  manufacturing
investment  for the joint  venture  and to  increase  research  and  development
activities, including:

   .   Preclinical studies and clinical trials

   .   Process development, including quality systems for product manufacture

   .   Regulatory processes in the United States and international jurisdictions

   .   Clinical and commercial scale manufacturing capabilities

   .   Expansion of sales and marketing activities

Until we can generate  sufficient levels of cash from our operations,  we expect
to continue our operations  through the  expenditure  of our current cash,  cash
equivalents and short-term  investments  and possibly  supplement our cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments through:

   .   The sale of equity securities;

   .   Equipment-based financing; and

   .   Collaborative agreements with corporate partners.

We anticipate a need for additional  financing to fund the future  operations of
our business,  including the  commercialization  of our drug products  currently
under  development.  We cannot  assure  you that  additional  financing  will be
obtained or, if obtained,  will be available on reasonable  terms or in a timely
manner.

Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not
limited to:

   .   The progress, timing and scope of our preclinical studies and clinical
       trials

   .   The time and cost necessary to obtain regulatory approvals

   .   The time and cost necessary to develop commercial manufacturing
       processes, including quality systems and to build or acquire
       manufacturing capabilities

                                       23
<PAGE>

   .   The time and cost necessary to respond to technological and market
       developments

   .   Any changes made or new developments in our existing collaborative,
       licensing and other commercial relationships or any new collaborative,
       licensing and other commercial relationships that we may establish

We plan to  continue  our policy of  investing  available  funds in  government,
investment grade and interest-bearing securities. We do not invest in derivative
financial instruments, as defined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 119.

New Accounting Pronouncements

SFAS No. 141
On June 29,  2001,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  (FASB)  issued
Statement  of  Financial   Accounting   Standards   (SFAS)  No.  141,   Business
Combinations, and SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Intangible Assets. Major provisions
of these Statements are as follows:  all business  combinations  initiated after
June 30, 2001 must use the  purchase  method of  accounting;  intangible  assets
acquired in a business  combination  must be recorded  separately;  all acquired
goodwill must be assigned to reporting units for purposes of impairment  testing
and segment reporting; effective January 1, 2002, goodwill and intangible assets
with  indefinite  lives will not be amortized but will be tested for  impairment
annually using a fair value approach;  other intangible  assets will continue to
be valued and amortized  over their  estimated  lives;  in-process  research and
development  acquired in business  combinations  will continue to be written off
immediately.  We do not expect this  standard  to have a material  impact on our
consolidated financial position or results of operations.

SFAS No. 143
In June 2001,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 143,  "Accounting  for Asset  Retirement
Obligations."  We do not expect this  standard to have a material  impact on our
consolidated financial position or results of operations.

SFAS No. 144
In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144,  "Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of  Long-Lived  Assets."  SFAS No. 144  broadens  the  presentation  of
discontinued  operations to include more transactions and eliminates the need to
accrue for future  operating  losses.  Additionally,  SFAS No. 144 prohibits the
retroactive  classification of assets as held for sale and requires revisions to
the depreciable lives of long-lived assets to be abandoned. SFAS No. 144 will be
effective  January  1, 2002 for us. We do not  expect  this  standard  to have a
material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.

Critical Accounting Policies

Investment in BioMarin/Genzyme  LLC and Related  Revenue--Under the terms of our
joint venture agreement with Genzyme, Genzyme and we have each agreed to provide
50 percent of the funding for the joint venture.  All research and  development,
sales and marketing,  and other activities performed by Genzyme and us on behalf
of the joint  venture  are billed to the joint  venture at cost.  Any profits or
losses of the joint venture are shared  equally by the two parties.  We provided
$39.3 million in funding to the joint venture from  inception  through  December
31, 2001.

During the years ended  December  31, 1999,  2000,  2001 and for the period from
March 21, 1997 (inception)  through December 31, 2001, we incurred  expenses and
billed  $10.6  million,   $19.4  million,   $22.6  million  and  $54.4  million,
respectively, for services provided to the joint venture under our Agreement. Of
these  amounts,  $5.3 million,  $9.7 million,  $11.3 million and $27.2  million,
respectively,  or 50 percent,  was recognized as revenue in accordance  with our
policy of recognizing  revenue to the extent that research and development costs
billed to the joint  venture have been funded by Genzyme.  At December 31, 2000,
and 2001, we had  receivables  of $1.8 million and $3.1  million,  respectively,
related to these billings.

We account for our  investment  in the joint  venture  using the equity  method.
Accordingly,  we record a reduction in our  investment  in the joint venture for
our 50 percent  share of the loss of the joint  venture.  The  percentage of the
costs  incurred by us and billed to the joint  venture that are funded by us (50
percent),  is  recorded  as a credit  to our  equity  in the  loss of the  joint
venture.

Discontinued  Operations - The decision to close Glyko, Inc. has resulted in the
operations  of Glyko Inc.  being  classified as  discontinued  operations in our
consolidated  financial  statements  and,  accordingly,  we have  segregated the
assets  and  liabilities  of the  discontinued  operations  in our  consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 2001. In addition, we have segregated
the operating results in our consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended  December 31,  1999,  2000 and 2001 and for the period from March 21, 1997
(inception)  to  December  31,  2001;  and  have   segregated  cash  flows  from
discontinued  operations  in our  consolidated  statements of cash flows for the
same periods.  The notes to our consolidated  financial  statements  reflect the
classification of Glyko Inc. operations as discontinued operations.

The loss on disposal of  discontinued  operations  included in our  consolidated
statement of operations  reflects certain  adjustments  required at December 31,
2001 primarily to record an impairment reserve against the unamortized  goodwill
related to Glyko, Inc. of approximately $7.8 million.

                                       24
<PAGE>

Goodwill and Other  Intangible  Assets--In  connection  with the  acquisition of
Glyko, Inc. in 1998, we recorded intangible assets of $11.7 million.  Additional
intangible  assets of $891,000 were recorded in connection  with the acquisition
by Glyko,  Inc. of the key assets of the bio-chemical  research reagent division
of Oxford  GlycoSciences Plc. (OGS), a company not related to Glyko, Inc. During
2000,  we revised our  estimate of the useful  life of these  intangible  assets
downward to 7 years; the effect of this change increased amortization expense in
2000. We recorded an impairment reserve against the unamortized  balance of $7.8
million at December 31, 2001 as a result of our decision to close the business.

Impairment of  Long-Lived  Assets--We  regularly  review  long-lived  assets and
identifiable  intangibles  whenever  events or  circumstances  indicate that the
carrying  amount of such assets may not be fully  recoverable.  We evaluate  the
recoverability  of  long-lived  assets by measuring  the carrying  amount of the
assets  against the estimated  undiscounted  future cash flows  associated  with
them. At the time such evaluations  indicate that the future  undiscounted  cash
flows of certain  long-lived  assets are not  sufficient to recover the carrying
value of such assets, the assets are adjusted to their fair values.

Income taxes - We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets
to the amount  that is more  likely  than not to be  realized.  For all  periods
presented,  we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our net deferred
tax asset.  While we have  considered  future taxable income and ongoing prudent
and feasible tax planning  strategies  in assessing  the need for the  valuation
allowance,  in the event we were to  determine  that we would be able to realize
our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of our net recorded  amount,  an
adjustment  to the deferred tax asset would  increase  income in the period such
determination was made.

                                       25
<PAGE>

Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk.

Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest  rates relates  primarily to
our investment portfolio.  By policy, we place our investments with highly rated
credit  issuers and limit the amount of credit  exposure  to any one issuer.  As
stated  in our  policy,  we  seek  to  improve  the  safety  and  likelihood  of
preservation of our invested funds by limiting  default risk and market risk. We
have no investments  denominated in foreign country currencies and therefore are
not subject to foreign exchange risk.

We mitigate  default risk by investing in high credit quality  securities and by
positioning our portfolio to respond appropriately to a significant reduction in
a credit rating of any investment  issuer or guarantor.  The portfolio  includes
only  marketable  securities  with active  secondary or resale markets to ensure
portfolio liquidity.

The table below presents the carrying value for our  investment  portfolio.  The
carrying value approximates fair value at December 31, 2001.

Investment portfolio:
                                                  Carrying value
                                                 (in $ thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents......................  $ 12,528
Short-term investments.........................   118,569*
                                                 --------
Total..........................................  $131,097
                                                 ========

* 19% invested in A1/P1 rated commercial paper and 81% in United States agency
securities.

Item 8.           Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information required to be filed in this item appears on pages F1 to F19 and
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.           Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
                  and Financial Disclosure.


Not applicable.

                                       26
<PAGE>

                                    Part III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons

   We incorporate information regarding our directors and executive officers
   into this section by reference from sections captioned "Election of
   Directors" and "Executive Officers" in the proxy statement for our 2002
   annual meeting of stockholders.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

   We incorporate information regarding our directors and executive officers
   into this section by reference from the section captioned "Executive
   Compensation" in the proxy statement for our 2002 annual meeting of
   stockholders.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

   We incorporate information regarding our directors and executive officers
   into this section by reference from the section captioned "Security Ownership
   of Certain Beneficial Owners" in the proxy statement for our 2002 annual
   meeting of stockholders.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

   We incorporate information regarding our directors and executive officers
   into this section by reference from the section captioned "Interest of
   Insiders in Material Transactions" in the proxy statement for our 2002 annual
   meeting of stockholders.

                                     Part IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, List and Reports on Form 8-K

(a) Documents are filed as exhibits to this report as enumerated in the Index to
    Exhibits hereto, Part V Item I.

(b) Reports on Form 8-K


On  October  10,  2001,  we filed a  Current  Report on Form 8-K  regarding  the
announcement of our definitive agreement with IBEX Technologies Inc. relating to
the acquisition of the rights to all IBEX pharmaceutical assets.

On  October  26,  2001,  we filed a  Current  Report on Form 8-K  regarding  the
announcement of our financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2001.

On November 2, 2001, we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the results
of our Phase III trial of Aldurazyme for the treatment of MPS I.

On  November  2,  2001,  we filed a  Current  Report on Form 8-K  regarding  the
completion of our acquisition of the rights to all of the pharmaceutical  assets
of IBEX  Technologies  Inc.  This Current  Report was  subsequently  amended and
restated on November 14, 2001 and again on January 15, 2002.

On  December  17,  2001,  we filed a Current  Report on Form 8-K  regarding  the
announcement of the completion of our public offering of 8,050,000 shares of our
common stock.

                                       27
<PAGE>
                                     Part V


<TABLE>
<S>            <C>
Item 1.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT                                           DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
NUMBER
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.1**          Canadian Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 9, 2001 by and among the Company, BioMarin
               Pharmaceutical Nova Scotia Company, IBEX Technologies Inc., IBEX Pharmaceutical Inc., IBEX
               Technologies LLC, IBEX Technologies Corp. and Technologies IBEX R&D Inc., previously filed
               with the Commission on December 26, 2001 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Registration
               Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-72866), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.2**          United States Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 9, 2001 by and among the Company,
               BioMarin Enzymes Inc., IBEX Technologies Inc., IBEX Pharmaceutical Inc., IBEX Technologies
               LLC, IBEX Technologies Corp. and Technologies IBEX R&D Inc., previously filed with the
               Commission on November 6, 2001 as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on
               Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-72866), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.3            Amendment to Canadian Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 31, 2001 by and among the
               Company, BioMarin Pharmaceutical Nova Scotia Company, IBEX Technologies Inc., IBEX
               Pharmaceutical Inc., IBEX Technologies LLC, IBEX Technologies Corp. and Technologies IBEX R&D
               Inc., previously filed with the Commission on November 6, 2001 as Exhibit 10.3 to the
               Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-72866), which is
               incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.4            Amendment to United States Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 31, 2001 by and among the
               Company, BioMarin Enzymes Inc., IBEX Technologies Inc., IBEX Pharmaceutical Inc., IBEX
               Technologies LLC, IBEX Technologies Corp. and Technologies IBEX R&D Inc., and IBEX
               Technologies Delaware Corp., previously filed with the Commission on November 6, 2001 as
               Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No.
               333-72866), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.5*           Acquisition Agreement for a Plan of Arrangement by and among the Company, BioMarin
               Acquisition (Nova Scotia) Company, and Glyko Biomedical Ltd., dated February 6, 2002.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.1            Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc., a Delaware
               Corporation, previously filed with the Commission on July 6, 1999 as Exhibit 3.1 to the
               Company's Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701),
               which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.2*           Amended and Restated Bylaws of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc., a Delaware corporation.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.1           Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers, previously filed with the
               Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1
               (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.2           1997 Stock Plan, as amended on December 22, 1998, and forms of agreements, previously filed
               with the Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on
               Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.3           1998 Director Option Plan and forms of agreements thereunder, previously filed with the
               Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1
               (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.4           1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and forms of
               agreements thereunder, previously filed with the Commission on
               May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Registration
               Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is
               incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.5           Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Company and the
               investors named therein, previously filed with the Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 4.1
               to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is
               incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.6           Amended and Restated Founder's Stock Purchase Agreement with Grant W. Denison, Jr. dated as
               of October 1, 1997 with exhibits, previously filed with the Commission on May 4, 1999 as
               Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No.
               333-77701), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.7           Amended and Restated Founder's Stock Purchase
               Agreement with Dr. Christopher M. Starr dated as of October 1,
               1997 with exhibits, previously filed with the Commission on May
               4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Registration Statement
               on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated
               herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       28
<PAGE>
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.8           Employment Agreement with Fredric D. Price dated December 22, 2000, previously filed with the
               Commission on January 11, 2001 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Amendment No. 1 to
               Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-48800), which is incorporated herein
               by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.9           Employment Agreement with Dr. Christopher M. Starr dated June 26, 1997, as amended,
               previously filed with the Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein
               by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.10          Employment Agreement with Stuart J. Swiedler, M.D., Ph.D., dated May 29, 1998, as amended,
               previously filed with the Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein
               by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.11          Employment Agreement with Emil Kakkis, M.D., Ph.D., dated June 30, 1998, as amended,
               previously filed with the Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein
               by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.12          Employment Agreement between Brian K. Brandley, Ph.D. and Glyko, Inc. dated February 22,
               1998, as amended, previously filed with the Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.14 to the
               Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is
               incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.13          Employment Agreement with Robert Baffi dated April 20,
               2000, previously filed with the Commission on March 20, 2001 as
               Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
               is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.14**        License Agreement with W.R. Grace & Co. effective January 1, 2001, previously filed with the
               Commission on May 10, 2001 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
               which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.15**        Grant Terms and Conditions Agreement with Harbor-UCLA
               Research and Education Institute dated April 1, 1997, as amended,
               previously filed with the Commission July 21, 1999 as Exhibit
               10.17 to the Company's Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement
               on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated
               herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.16**        License Agreement with Women's and Children's Hospital, Adelaide, Australia dated August 14,
               1998, previously filed with the Commission July 21, 1999 as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's
               Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is
               incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.17          Lease Agreement dated May 18, 1998 for 371 Bel Marin Keys Boulevard, as amended, previously
               filed with the Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Registration
               Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.18*         Amendment To Lease Agreement dated October 3, 2000 for 371 Bel Marin Keys Boulevard.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.19          Standard NNN Lease dated June 25, 1998 for 46 Galli Drive, previously filed with the
               Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
               S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.20*         First Amendment to Lease dated April 14, 2000 for 46 Galli Drive.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.21          Standard Industrial Commercial Single-Tenant Lease
               dated May 29, 1998 for 95 Digital Drive (formerly referred to as
               110 Digital Drive), as amended, previously filed with the
               Commission on May 4, 1999 as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701),
               which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.22*         Agreement of Sublease dated July 27, 2001 for 79 Digital Drive.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.23          Collaboration Agreement with Genzyme Corporation dated September 4, 1998, previously filed
               with the Commission on July 21, 1999 as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's Amendment No. 3 to
               Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein
               by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       29
<PAGE>

-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.24          Operating Agreement with Genzyme Corporation, previously filed with the Commission on July
               21, 1999 as Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form
               S-1 (Registration No. 333-77701), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.25          Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company. and Acqua Wellington North American
               Equities Fund, Ltd. dated January 26, 2001, previously filed with the Commission on January
               29, 2002 as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form
               S-3 (Registration No. 333-48800), which is incorporated herein by reference.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.26*         Second Amended and Restated Agreement for Plan of Arrangement by and among the Company,
               BioMarin Delivery Canada Inc. and Synapse Technologies Inc., dated February 4, 2002.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
21.1*          List of Subsidiaries.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
23.1*          Consent of Independent Public Accountants.
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
24.1*          Power of Attorney (Included in Signature Page)
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
99.1*          Letter from the Company to the SEC pursuant to Temporary Note 3T
-------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


*      Filed herewith

**    This exhibit has been granted confidential treatment

                                       30
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.

Dated:   March 25, 2002                    By:  /s/ Fredric D. Price
----------------------------------              ----------------------------
                                                Fredric D. Price
                                                Chairman, Chief Executive
                                                Officer and Director


                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS,  that each person whose  signature  appears
below constitutes and appoints Fredric D. Price, his attorney-in-fact,  with the
power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments
to the Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other
documents in connection therewith,  with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in  fact, or his
substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     In  accordance  with the Exchange Act of 1934,  this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.

       Signature                         Title                       Date

/s/ Fredric D. Price                                            March 25, 2002
-----------------------------------                             --------------
Fredric D. Price                    Chairman, Chief Executive
                                    Officer and Director
                                    (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Kim R. Tsuchimoto-Evans                                     March 25, 2002
-----------------------------------                             --------------
Kim R. Tsuchimoto-Evans             Vice President, Controller
                                   (Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/  Grant W. Denison, Jr.                                      March 25, 2002
-----------------------------------                             --------------
Grant W. Denison, Jr.               Director

/s/ Phyllis I. Gardner, M.D.                                    March 25, 2002
-----------------------------------                             --------------
Phyllis I. Gardner, M.D.            Director

/s/ Erich Sager                                                 March 25, 2002
-----------------------------------                             --------------
Erich Sager                         Director

/s/ Gwynn R. Williams                                           March 25, 2002
-----------------------------------                             --------------
Gwynn R. Williams                   Director

                                       31
<PAGE>

                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. Financial Statements

Report of Independent Public Accountants                     F1
Consolidated Balance Sheets                                  F2
Consolidated Statements of Operations                        F3
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity   F4
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                        F7
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                   F8


                                       32
<PAGE>

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Stockholders of
BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.:

We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  BioMarin
Pharmaceutical  Inc.  (a  Delaware  corporation  in the  development  stage) and
Subsidiaries  as of  December  31, 2000 and 2001,  and the related  consolidated
statements of operations,  changes in stockholders'  equity,  and cash flows for
the years ended December 31, 1999,  2000, and 2001 and for the period from March
21, 1997  (inception) to December 31, 2001.  These financial  statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects,  the financial position of BioMarin  Pharmaceutical  Inc.
and  Subsidiaries  as of  December  31,  2000 and 2001 and the  results of their
operations and their cash flows for the years ended December 31, 1999, 2000, and
2001 and for the period from March 21, 1997  (inception) to December 31, 2001 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

                                    /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP


San Francisco, California
February 21, 2002

                                       F1
<PAGE>


                           BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                   (a development-stage company)

                    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 2001

                        (In thousands, except for share and per share data)
<table>
<s>                                                       <c>                   <c>
                                                                         December 31,
                                                          -------------------------------------------
                                                                       2000                  2001
                                                          --------------------- ---------------------
Assets
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                 $          16,530     $         12,528
 Short-term investments                                               23,671              118,569
 Due from BioMarin/Genzyme LLC                                         1,799                3,096
 Current assets of discontinued operations
  of Glyko, Inc.                                                         918                  668
 Other current assets                                                  1,623                1,922
                                                          --------------------- ---------------------
  Total current assets                                                44,541              136,783
Property and equipment, net                                           20,715               32,560
Investment in BioMarin/Genzyme LLC                                     1,482                1,145
Note receivable from officer                                              -                   889
Non-current assets of discontinued operations
 of Glyko, Inc.                                                        9,862                   -
Deposits                                                                 333                  434
                                                          --------------------- ---------------------
  Total assets                                             $          76,933     $        171,811
                                                          ===================== =====================

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                          $           4,647     $          4,284
 Accrued liabilities                                                   1,951                2,198
 Current liabilities of discontinued operations
  of Glyko, Inc.                                                         258                  229
 Current portion of capital lease obligations                             -                    66
 Short term portion of notes payable                                      27                1,525
                                                          --------------------- ---------------------
  Total current liabilities                                            6,883                8,302
Long-term liabilities:
 Long term portion of notes payable                                       56                3,864
 Long term portion of capital lease obligations                           -                    97
                                                          --------------------- ---------------------
  Total liabilities                                                    6,939               12,263
                                                          --------------------- ---------------------

Commitments and Contingencies (note 8)
Stockholders' equity:
 Common stock, $0.001 par value: 75,000,000 shares
  authorized, 36,921,966 and 52,402,355 shares
  issued and outstanding at December 31, 2000
  and 2001, respectively                                                  37                   52
 Additional paid-in capital                                          153,940              305,230
 Warrants                                                                 -                 5,134
 Deferred compensation                                                (1,530)                (699)
 Notes receivable from stockholders                                   (1,940)              (2,037)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  -                   (13)
 Deficit accumulated during the development stage                    (80,513)            (148,119)
                                                          -------------------------------------------
  Total stockholders' equity                                          69,994              159,548
                                                          -------------------------------------------
  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity               $          76,933     $        171,811
                                                          ===========================================

                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

</table>

                                       F2
<PAGE>

                  BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and Subsidiaries
                          (a development-stage company)
                    Consolidated Statements of Operations for
            the Years Ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001 and for
         the Period from March 21, 1997 (inception) to December 31, 2001

                      (In thousands, except per share data)
<TABLE>

                                                                                                       Period from
                                                                                                     March 21, 1997
                                                                      December 31,                   (inception) to
                                                    ------------------------------------------------   December 31,
                                                          1999            2000             2001            2001
                                                    ---------------  --------------   --------------  -------------
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>
Revenues:
      BioMarin/Genzyme LLC                                    5,300            9,714           11,330       27,198
      Other revenues                                              -                -              369          369
                                                     ---------------  --------------   --------------  -------------
           Total revenues                                     5,300            9,714           11,699       27,567
                                                     ---------------  --------------   --------------  -------------
Operating costs and expenses:
      Research and development                               26,341           34,459           45,283      118,283
      General and administrative                              4,757            6,507            6,718       22,044
      In-process research and development                         -                -           11,647       11,647
      Facility closure                                            -            4,423                -        4,423
                                                     ---------------  --------------   --------------  --------------
           Total operating costs and expenses                31,098           45,389           63,648      156,397
                                                     ---------------  --------------   --------------  --------------
           Loss from operations                             (25,798)         (35,675)         (51,949)    (128,830)

Interest income                                               1,832            2,979            1,871        7,432
Interest expense                                               (732)              (7)             (17)        (756)
Equity in loss of BioMarin/Genzyme LLC                       (1,673)          (2,912)          (7,333)     (11,965)
                                                     ---------------  --------------   --------------  ---------------

           Net loss from continuing operations              (26,371)         (35,615)         (57,428)    (134,119)
Loss from discontinued operations                            (1,701)          (1,749)          (2,266)      (6,088)
Loss from disposal of discontinued operations                      -               -           (7,912)      (7,912)
                                                     ---------------  --------------   --------------  ---------------

           Net loss                                     $  (28,072)      $  (37,364)      $  (67,606)   $ (148,119)
                                                     ===============  ==============   ==============  ===============

Net loss per share, basic and diluted
      Loss from continuing operations                    $   (0.88)       $   (0.99)       $   (1.40)    $   (4.72)
                                                     ===============  ==============   ==============  ===============
      Loss from discontinuing operations                 $   (0.06)       $   (0.05)       $   (0.06)    $   (0.22)
                                                     ===============  ==============   ==============  ===============
      Loss on disposal of discontinued operations        $        -         $     -        $   (0.19)    $   (0.28)
                                                     ===============  ==============   ==============  ===============
      Net loss                                           $   (0.94)       $   (1.04)       $   (1.65)    $   (5.22)
                                                     ===============  ==============   ==============  ===============

Weighted average common shares outstanding                  29,944           35,859           41,083        28,391
                                                     ===============  ==============   ==============  ===============


         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

</TABLE>

                                       F3
<PAGE>


                  BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and Subsidiaries
                          (a development stage company)
       Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the
                  Years ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001

                      (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>

                                                                                                           Deficit
                                                                                          Note    Foreign  Accumulated
                                                      Additional                      Receivable  Currency During         Total
                                         Common Stock   Paid-in   Warrants Deferred      from     Trans-   Development Stockholders'
                                        Shares Amount  Capital    Amount    Comp.     Stockholder lation   Stage       Equity
                                        ------ ------ ----------  -------  --------- ------------ -------- ----------- -------------
<S>                                     <C>    <C>     <C>        <C>      <C>       <C>          <C>      <C>         <C>
Balance at January 1, 2001              36,947    $37   $153,940       -    $(1,530)    $ (1,940)   $   -   $ (80,513)  $    69,994
 Issuance of common stock under ESPP
 on April 30 and October 31, 2001 at
 $9.22 and $9.51 per share,
 respectively                               35      -        288       -          -            -        -           -           288

 Issuance of 1,345 shares of common stock
 to Acqua Wellington for cash in five
 transactions priced from $9.60 to $10.16
 per share net of issuance costs         1,344      1     13,163       -          -            -        -           -        13,164

 Issuance of 4,870 shares of common stock
 and warrants to purchase 753 shares of
 common stock on May 16 and 17, 2001 at
 $9.45 per share, net of issuance costs  4,870      5     37,507   5,134          -            -        -           -        42,646

 Issuance of 814 shares of common stock
 on October 31, 2001 at $10.218 per share
 to purchase certain therapeutic assets
 of IBEX                                   814      1      8,323       -          -            -        -           -         8,324

 Issuance of stock options on October 31,
 2001 in connection with the IBEX
 acquisition                                 -      -        291       -          -            -        -           -           291

 Issuance of 8,050 shares of common stock
 on December 13, 2001 in a public offering
 at $12 per share net of issuance costs  8,050      8     90,363       -          -            -        -           -        90,371

Exercise of common stock options           342      -      1,258       -          -            -        -           -         1,258

Interest accrued on notes receivable         -      -         97       -          -          (97)       -           -             -

Foreign currency translation                 -      -          -       -          -            -      (13)          -           (13)

Amortization of deferred compensation        -      -          -       -        831            -        -           -           831

Net loss                                     -      -          -       -          -            -        -     (67,606)      (67,606)
                                        ------  ------   --------  ------  --------    --------- -------    ----------     ---------
Balance at December 31, 2001            52,402   $ 52   $305,230  $5,134      $(699)     $(2,037)   $ (13)  $(148,119)     $159,548
                                        ======  ======   ========  ======  ========    ========= =======    ==========     =========

                                                    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
</TABLE>

                                       F4
<PAGE>


                  BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and Subsidiaries
                          (a development stage company)
       Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the
                  Years ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001

                      (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>

                                                                                                                   Deficit
                                                                                               Note              Accumulated
                                                     Additional                          Receivable   Foreign      During    Total
                                      Common Stock    Paid-in      Warrants     Deferred   from       Currency   Development  SH's
                                     Shares   Amount  Capital   Shares  Amount   Comp.  Stockholder  Translation    Stage    Equity
                                     ------   ------  -------   ------  ------  ------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ------
<S>                                  <C>       <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>     <C>       <C>        <C>            <C>      <C>
Balance at January 1, 2000           34,832    $35   $146,592   802    $128    $(2,591)  $ (2,638)  $        -    (43,149)   $98,377
 Issuance of common stock on April 30,
  2000 pursuant to the Employee Stock
  Purchase Plan at $11.05 per share      18      -        199     -       -          -          -             -         -       199

 Issuance of common stock on October 31,
  2000 pursuant to the Employee Stock
  Purchase Plan at $11.05 per share      10      -        115     -       -          -           -            -         -       115

 Exercise of common stock options     1,301       1     5,674     -      -          -           -           -          -      5,675

 Exercise of common stock warrants      802       1       929  (802)  (128)         -           -           -          -        802

 Common stock surrendered by stockholders
  for payment of principal and interest (41)      -      (170)     -      -          -         170           -          -         -

 Repayment of notes from stockholders     -       -         -      -      -          -         804           -          -       804

 Interest on notes receivable             -       -       276      -      -          -        (276)          -          -         -

 Amortization of deferred compensation    -       -         -      -      -        1,386       -             -          -     1,386

 Deferred compensation related to stock and
  option issuances, net of terminations  25       -       325      -      -         (325)     -              -          -         -

Net loss                                  -       -         -      -      -            -      -              -    (37,364)  (37,364)
                                      ------   ------  --------   ------ ------   --------   ---------  --------- ---------  -------
Balance at December 31, 2000          36,947   $ 37    $153,940      -    $ -     $(1,530)   $(1,940)   $    -   $(80,513)  $69,994
                                      ======   ====== =========  ====== ======   =========  =========  =========  =========  =======

                                                    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
</TABLE>

                                       F5
<PAGE>

                  BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and Subsidiaries
                          (a development stage company)

       Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the
                  Years ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001

                      (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
                                                                                                                 Deficit
                                                                                                    Notes       Accumulated
                                                              Additional                           Receivable    During       Total
                                           Common   Stock      Paid-in      Warrants     Deferred    from      Development     SH's
                                           Shares   Amount     Capital   Shares   Amount   Comp.  Stockholders    Stage      Equity
                                           ------   ------     -------   ------   ------  ------  ------------  -------     --------

<S>                                        <C>        <C>      <C>         <C>    <C>     <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Balance, January 1, 1999...............    26,176     $ 26     $ 50,058    802    $ 128   $(3,253)   $(2,488)   $(15,077)  $ 29,394
 Issuance of common  stock on July 23,
  1999, in an initial  public  offering
  (IPO) for cash at $13.00 per share
  (net of issuance costs of $7) ........    4,500        4       51,805     --       --        --         --          --     51,809

 Issuance of common stock on July 23,
  1999 to Genzyme Corporation in a
  private placement concurrent with the
  IPO for cash at $13.00 per share.....       769        1        9,999     --       --        --         --          --     10,000

 Issuance  of  common  stock  on July  23,
  1999  concurrent  with the IPO upon con-
  version of promissory  notes plus accrued
  interest of $720 at $10.00 pershare
  (net of issuance costs of $1).......      2,672        3       25,612     --       --        --         --          --     25,615

 Issuance of common  stock on August  3,
  1999 and  August  25,  1999 from the over-
  allotment exercise by underwriters at
  $13.00 per share (net of issuance costs
  of $1)........................              675        1        8,141     --       --        --         --          --      8,142

 Exercise of common stock options.......       40       --          148     --       --        --         --          --        148

 Interest on notes receivable from
  stockholders..........................       --       --          150     --       --        --       (150)         --         --

 Deferred compensation related to stock
  options..............................        --       --          679     --       --      (679)        --          --         --
 Amortization of deferred compensation.        --       --           --     --       --     1,341         --          --      1,341
 Net loss...............................       --       --           --     --       --        --         --     (28,072)   (28,072)
                                           ------   ------     -------   ------   ------  ------  ------------  -------     --------
Balance, December 31, 1999..............   34,832     $ 35     $146,592    802    $ 128   $(2,591)   $(2,638)   $(43,149)   $ 98,377
                                           ======   ======    =========  ======  ======   =========  =========  =========   ========

                                   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

</TABLE>
                                       F6
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                     BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                              (a development-stage company)
                                          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                 the Years Ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001 and for
                             the Period from March 21, 1997 (inception) to December 31, 2001

                                                      (In thousands)



                                                                                                        Period from March 21,
                                                                        December 31,                    1997 (inception) to
                                                         --------------------------------------------    December 31,
                                                              1999           2000          2001              2001
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from operating activities:
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>
Net loss from continuing operations                     $  (26,371)    $ (35,615)     $  (57,428)       $   (134,119)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net
  cash used in operating activities:
  In-process research and development                            -             -          11,647              11,647
  Facility closure                                               -          3,791              -               3,791
  Depreciation                                               4,074          4,347          6,173              14,907
  Amortization of deferred compensation                      1,341          1,386            831               3,761
  Loss from bioMarin/Genzyme LLC                             6,973         12,635         18,509              38,164

 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Due from BioMarin/Genzyme LLC                               (861)          (519)        (1,297)             (3,096)
  Other current assets                                         383           (720)          (299)             (1,266)
  Note receivable from officer                                   -              -           (889)               (889)
  Deposits                                                     (72)          (182)          (101)               (434)
  Accounts Payable                                           1,754          1,552           (363)              4,383
  Accrued liabilities                                        1,326            148            247               2,519
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net cash used in continuing operations                   (11,453)       (13,177)       (22,970)            (60,632)
  Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued operations    (1,487)           444            (95)                749
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchase of property and equipment                        (22,944)        (3,760)       (17,812)            (51,051)
 Investment in BioMarin/Genzyme LLC                         (6,709)       (13,696)       (18,172)            (39,309)
 Purchase of IBEX therapeutic assets                             -              -         (3,032)             (3,032)
 Purchase (sale) of short-term investments                 (37,597)        15,902        (94,898)           (118,569)
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net cash used in continuing operations                   (67,250)        (1,554)      (133,914)           (211,961)
  Net cash used in discontinued operations                  (1,500)          (163)             -              (1,663)
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash used in investing activities                  (68,750)        (1,717)      (133,914)           (213,624)
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
 Net proceeds from sale of common stock, net                69,951              -        133,017             232,823
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes                25,615              -              -              25,615
 Net proceeds from Acqua Wellington agreement                    -              -         13,163              13,163
 Proceeds from exercise of common
 stock options and warrants                                    148          6,477          1,258               7,695
 Net proceeds from notes payable                                 -              -          5,505               5,639
 Repayment of notes payable                                    (24)           (28)          (198)               (250)
 Repayment of capital lease obligations                          -              -            (43)                (43)
 Receipts from notes receivable from stockholders                -            804              -                 804
 Issuance of common stock for ESPP, and other                    -            314            288                 602
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net cash provided by financing activities             95,690          7,567        152,990             286,048
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of foreign currency translation on cash                   -              -            (13)                (13)
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net increase (decrease) in cash                       14,000         (6,883)        (4,002)             12,528

Cash and cash equivalents:
 Beginning of period                                         9,413         23,413         16,530                   -
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
 End of period                                            $ 23,413        $16,530        $12,528             $12,528
                                                         ==================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       F7
<PAGE>


                  BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and Subsidiaries
                          (a development-stage company)

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1.   NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BUSINESS RISKS:

BioMarin  Pharmaceutical  Inc. (the Company or BioMarin) is a  biopharmaceutical
company  specializing  in the development of enzyme  therapies for  debilitating
life-threatening  chronic  genetic  diseases and other diseases and  conditions.
Since March 21, 1997 (inception),  the Company has devoted  substantially all of
its  efforts to  research  and  development  activities,  including  preclinical
studies and clinical  trials,  the  establishment  of  laboratory,  clinical and
commercial  manufacturing  facilities,   clinical  manufacturing,   and  related
administrative activities.

The Company was  incorporated  on October 25, 1996 in the state of Delaware  and
first began business on March 21, 1997 (inception) as a wholly-owned  subsidiary
of Glyko  Biomedical  Ltd.  (GBL).  Subsequently,  BioMarin  has issued stock to
outside  investors in a series of transactions,  resulting in GBL's ownership of
BioMarin's  outstanding common stock being reduced to 22 percent at December 31,
2001.

On October 7, 1998, the Company acquired Glyko, Inc., a wholly-owned  subsidiary
of GBL, in a transaction valued at $14.5 million.  The transaction was accounted
for as a purchase and resulted in Glyko, Inc. becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the  Company.  Glyko,  Inc.  provides  products  and  services  that  perform
sophisticated  carbohydrate  analysis for research  institutions  and commercial
laboratories.

In February  2002,  the  Company  decided to close the  carbohydrate  analytical
business  portion of Glyko,  Inc. which provided all of Glyko,  Inc.'s revenues.
Accordingly,  the Company recorded a Glyko, Inc. closure expense of $7.9 million
in the  2001  consolidated  statements  of  operations.  This  charge  consisted
primarily of an impairment  reserve against the unamortized  balance of goodwill
and other  intangible  assets  related to the  acquisition  of Glyko,  Inc.  The
majority of the Glyko,  Inc.  employees will be  incorporated  into the BioMarin
business and such  employees  will  continue to provide  necessary  analytic and
diagnostic support to the Company's therapeutic products.

The net  loss of  Glyko,  Inc.'s  operations  is  included  in the  accompanying
consolidated  statements  of operations  as loss from  discontinued  operations.
Revenues from Glyko,  Inc. for the years ended December 31, 1999,  2000 and 2001
and the period from March 21, 1997  (inception)  to December  31, 2001 were $1.7
million, $2.6 million, $2.7 million and $7.4 million respectively.

In September 2001, the Company formed BioMarin  Enzymes,  Inc. as a wholly-owned
subsidiary  incorporated  in Delaware  and BioMarin  Pharmaceutical  Nova Scotia
Company, an unlimited liability company formed in Nova Scotia and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of BioMarin  Enzymes,  Inc. Both entities were formed to purchase the
therapeutic assets of IBEX Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries on October 31,
2001.

On October 31, 2001,  the Company  purchased from IBEX  Technologies  Inc. (TSE:
IBT) and its subsidiaries the intellectual  property and other assets associated
with the IBEX  therapeutic  enzyme drug  products  (including  NeutralaseTM  and
PhenylaseTM)  for  $10.4  million,  consisting  of $2  million  in cash and $8.4
million in BioMarin common stock at $10.218 per share (814,647 shares). See also
Note 3.

Through  December  31,  2001,  the Company  had  accumulated  losses  during its
development  stage of  approximately  $148.1  million.  Based on current  plans,
management  expects to incur further  losses at least  through 2003.  Management
believes that the Company's  cash, cash  equivalents  and short-term  investment
balances  at  December  31,  2001  will  be  sufficient  to meet  the  Company's
obligations through the end of 2003.

                                       F8
<PAGE>


Business Risks - The Company is exposed to the following risks:

o         There can be no assurance that the Company's  research and development
          efforts will be successfully  completed or that its product candidates
          will be shown to be safe and effective.

o         Certain  of the  Company's  product  candidates  rely  on  proprietary
          technology  and  patents  owned  by  certain  universities  and  other
          institutions and licensed to BioMarin. These universities also provide
          research and development  services.  Cessation of  relationships  with
          these  universities  could  significantly  affect the Company's future
          operations.

o         In order to grow significantly, the Company must expand its efforts to
          develop new products in pharmaceutical applications.  The Company will
          also need to enhance manufacturing capabilities,  to develop marketing
          capabilities,  and/or enter into collaborative arrangements with third
          parties having the capacity for such manufacturing or marketing.

o         There can be no assurance that any of the Company's  current or future
          product  candidates  will  be  successfully  developed,  prove  to  be
          effective in clinical trials,  receive required regulatory  approvals,
          be capable of being  produced in  commercial  quantities at reasonable
          costs,  gain  reasonable  reimbursement  levels,  or  be  successfully
          marketed.

In addition, the Company is subject to a number of risks, including the need for
additional  financing,  dependence on key personnel,  small patient populations,
patent protection, significant competition from larger organizations, dependence
on  corporate   partners  and  collaborators,   and  expected   restrictions  on
reimbursement, as well as other changes in the healthcare industry.


2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

Basis of  Presentation--These  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the
accounts of BioMarin and its wholly-owned  subsidiaries:  Glyko, Inc.,  BioMarin
Enzymes, Inc., BioMarin Nova Scotia and BioMarin Genetics,  Inc. All significant
intercompany transactions have been eliminated.

Discontinued  Operations--The  decision to close Glyko, Inc. has resulted in the
operations  of Glyko Inc.  being  classified as  discontinued  operations in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and, accordingly, the Company has
segregated  the assets and  liabilities  of the  discontinued  operations in the
accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 2001. In
addition,  the Company has segregated the operating  results in the accompanying
consolidated  statements  of operations  for the years ended  December 31, 1999,
2000 and 2001 and for the period from March 21, 1997 (inception) to December 31,
2001;  and  has  segregated  cash  flows  from  discontinued  operations  in the
accompanying  consolidated  statements of cash flows for the same  periods.  The
notes  to  the  accompanying   consolidated  financial  statements  reflect  the
classification of Glyko Inc. operations as discontinued operations.

The loss on disposal of  discontinued  operations  included in the  accompanying
consolidated  statement of operations reflects certain  adjustments  required at
December  31,  2001  primarily  to  record an  impairment  reserve  against  the
unamortized goodwill related to Glyko, Inc. of approximately $7.8 million.

Concentration of Credit Risk--Financial instruments that may potentially subject
the Company to  concentration  of credit risk consist  principally of cash, cash
equivalents,  and  short-term  investments.  All  cash,  cash  equivalents,  and
short-term  investments are placed in financial  institutions with strong credit
ratings, which minimizes the risk of loss due to nonpayment. The Company has not
experienced any losses due to credit  impairment or other factors related to its
financial instruments.

Use of  Estimates--The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with
generally accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management to make certain
estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the
financial  statements,  and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash  Equivalents--For  the consolidated  statements of cash flows, the
Company treats liquid  investments  with original  maturities of less than three
months when purchased as cash and cash equivalents.

Short-Term   Investments--The   Company  records  its  investments  as  held-to-
maturity. These investments are recorded at amortized cost at December 31, 2001.
These securities are comprised mainly of Federal Agency investments,  commercial
paper and bank certificates of deposit.

                                       F9
<PAGE>
Investment in BioMarin/Genzyme  LLC and Related Revenue - Under the terms of the
Company's  joint venture  agreement  with Genzyme (see note 10), the Company and
Genzyme  have each  agreed to provide 50  percent of the  funding  for the joint
venture. All research and development, sales and marketing, and other activities
performed  by Genzyme and the Company on behalf of the joint  venture are billed
to the joint  venture at cost.  Any  profits or losses of the joint  venture are
shared equally by the two parties. BioMarin provided $39.3 million in funding to
the joint venture from inception through December 31, 2001.

During the years ended  December  31, 1999,  2000,  2001 and for the period from
March 21, 1997  (inception)  through  December  31, 2001,  the Company  incurred
expenses  and billed  $10.6  million,  $19.4  million,  $22.6  million and $54.4
million,  respectively,  for services  provided to the joint  venture  under the
Agreement. Of these amounts, $5.3 million, $9.7 million, $11.3 million and $27.2
million,  respectively,  or 50 percent,  was recognized as revenue in accordance
with the Company's policy of recognizing revenue to the extent that research and
development  costs billed to the joint  venture have been funded by Genzyme.  At
December 31, 2000,  and 2001,  the Company had  receivables  of $1.8 million and
$3.1 million, respectively, related to these billings.

The Company  accounts for its  investment  in the joint venture using the equity
method.  Accordingly,  the Company  records a reduction in its investment in the
joint  venture for its 50 percent  share of the loss of the joint  venture.  The
percentage of the costs  incurred by the Company and billed to the joint venture
that are funded by the  Company  (50  percent),  is  recorded as a credit to the
Company's equity in the loss of the joint venture.


The following table  summarizes the components of the Company's  recorded equity
in loss of BioMarin/Genzyme LLC (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<s>                                               <c>        <c>          <c>          <c>
                                                                                          March 21, 1997
                                                                                          (inception) to
                                                       Years ended December 31,         December 31, 2001
                                                  ------------------------------------ ---------------------
                                                  ---------- ------------ ------------
                                                    1999        2000         2001
                                                  ---------- ------------ ------------

50 percent of joint venture net loss              $(6,973)   $(12,643)    $(18,663)            $(39,163)
50 percent of services billed by the
 Company to joint venture                           5,300       9,731       11,330               27,198
                                                  ---------- ------------ ------------ ---------------------
                                                  $(1,673)   $ (2,912)   $  (7,333)            $(11,965)
                                                  ========== ============ ============ =====================

</table>

At December 31, 2001 the summarized  assets and liabilities of the joint venture
and its results of operations from inception to December 31, 2001 are as follows
(in thousands):


         Assets                         $  7,628
                                        ========

         Liabilities                    $  5,338
         Net equity                        2,290
                                        --------
                                        $  7,628
                                        ========

         Cumulative net loss            $ 77,918
                                        ========


Property and  Equipment--Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation
is computed using the  straight-line  method over the related  estimated  useful
lives. Significant additions and improvements are capitalized, while repairs and
maintenance are charged to expense as incurred.

As of December 31, 2000 and 2001, property and equipment consisted of the
following (in thousands):

<table>
<s>                                     <c>             <c>               <c>
                                                 December 31,
                                        -------------------------------
Category                                     2000           2001           Estimated Useful Lives
------------------------------------    --------------- ---------------   ------------------------
Computer hardware and software                 $   678         $ 1,532           3 years
Office furniture and equipment                   1,056           1,557           5 years
Manufacturing/Laboratory Equipment               9,323          11,769           5 years
Leasehold improvements                          16,685          30,886    Shorter of life of asset
                                                                                or lease term
Construction in progress                         1,048           1,064
                                        -------------------------------
                                                28,790          46,808
Less:  Accumulated depreciation                 (8,075)        (14,248)
                                        -------------------------------
Total property and equipment, net              $20,715         $32,560
                                        ===============================
</table>


Depreciation  expense for the years ended  December 31, 1999,  2000 and 2001 and
for the period  March 21, 1997  (inception)  to December  31,  2001,  was,  $4.1
million, $4.3 million, $6.2 million and $14.9 million, respectively.

                                       F10
<PAGE>
Goodwill and Other  Intangible  Assets--In  connection  with the  acquisition of
Glyko,  Inc. in 1998, the Company recorded  intangible  assets of $11.7 million.
Additional  intangible  assets of $891,000 were recorded in connection  with the
acquisition  by  Glyko,  Inc.  of the key  assets of the  bio-chemical  research
reagent  division of Oxford  GlycoSciences  Plc. (OGS), a company not related to
Glyko,  Inc. During 2000, the Company revised its estimate of the useful life of
these intangible assets downward to 7 years; the effect of this change increased
amortization  expense in 2000.  As indicated in Note 1, the Company  recorded an
impairment  reserve against the unamortized  balance of $7.8 million at December
31, 2001 as a result of the Company's decision to close the business.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets--The Company regularly reviews long-lived assets
and identifiable  intangibles whenever events or circumstances indicate that the
carrying  amount  of such  assets  may not be  fully  recoverable.  The  Company
evaluates  the  recoverability  of  long-lived  assets by measuring the carrying
amount of the  assets  against  the  estimated  undiscounted  future  cash flows
associated  with them.  At the time such  evaluations  indicate  that the future
undiscounted  cash flows of certain  long-lived  assets  are not  sufficient  to
recover the carrying value of such assets, the assets are adjusted to their fair
values.

Accrued  Liabilities--As  of  December  31, 2000 and 2001,  accrued  liabilities
consisted of the following:


                                           December 31,
                                   -----------------------------
                                        2000           2001
                                   -------------- --------------
Vacation                            $      365     $      602
Construction in progress                   225             -
ESPP/401K                                  167            528
Other                                    1,194          1,068
                                   -------------- --------------
              Total                 $    1,951     $    2,198
                                   ============== ==============


Revenue  Recognition--Revenue from the joint venture is recognized to the extent
that  research and  development  costs billed by the Company have been funded by
Genzyme.

Research and Development--Research and development expenses include the expenses
associated  with contract  research and  development  provided by third parties,
research and development provided in connection with the joint venture including
manufacturing,   clinical  and  regulatory  costs,  and  internal  research  and
development costs. All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

Net Income  (Loss) per  Share--Net  income  (loss)  per share is  calculated  by
dividing net income (loss) by the weighted  average  common  shares  outstanding
during the period.  Diluted net income per share is  calculated  by dividing net
income by the weighted  average common shares  outstanding and potential  common
shares  during the period.  Potential  common  shares  include  dilutive  shares
issuable upon the exercise of outstanding  common stock options,  warrants,  and
contingent  issuances  of common  stock.  For  periods in which the  Company has
losses (all periods  presented),  such potential common shares are excluded from
the computation of diluted net loss per share, as their effect is antidilutive.

Potentially dilutive securities include (in thousands):




                                                       December 31,
                                          --------------------------------------
                                               1999        2000         2001
                                          ------------ ------------ ------------
Options to purchase common stock                5,450        5,539        7,767
Warrants to purchase common stock                 802           -           753
                                          ------------ ------------ ------------
     Total                                      6,252        5,539        8,520
                                          ============ ============ ============


Segment  Reporting--The  Company  operates in two  segments.  The  Analytic  and
Diagnostic  segment  represents the operations of Glyko,  Inc. which involve the
manufacture  and sale of analytic and diagnostic  products (See Note 1 regarding
closure of Glyko, Inc. and the associated  discontinued  operations  treatment).
The Pharmaceutical  segment  represents the research and development  activities
related  to  the  development  and   commercialization  of  carbohydrate  enzyme
therapeutics. Management of the Company has concluded that the operations of the
Analytic  and  Diagnostic  segment  are  immaterial  to  the  Company's  overall
activities and, thus, disclosure of segment information is not required.

                                       F11
<PAGE>
Recent  Accounting  Pronouncements--On  June 29, 2001, the Financial  Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
No. 141,  Business  Combinations,  and SFAS No.  142,  Goodwill  and  Intangible
Assets.  Major  provisions  of these  Statements  are as follows:  all  business
combinations  initiated  after  June 30,  2001 must use the  purchase  method of
accounting;  intangible  assets  acquired  in a  business  combination  must  be
recorded  separately;  all acquired goodwill must be assigned to reporting units
for purposes of impairment testing and segment  reporting;  effective January 1,
2002, goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives will not be amortized
but will be tested for impairment  annually using a fair value  approach;  other
intangible  assets will continue to be valued and amortized over their estimated
lives;  in-process  research and development  acquired in business  combinations
will  continue to be written off  immediately.  Management  does not expect this
standard  to have a  material  impact on the  Company's  consolidated  financial
position or results of operations.

In June 2001,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 143,  "Accounting  for Asset  Retirement
Obligations." Management does not expect this standard to have a material impact
on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144,  "Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of  Long-Lived  Assets."  SFAS No. 144  broadens  the  presentation  of
discontinued  operations to include more transactions and eliminates the need to
accrue for future  operating  losses.  Additionally,  SFAS No. 144 prohibits the
retroactive  classification of assets as held for sale and requires revisions to
the depreciable lives of long-lived assets to be abandoned. SFAS No. 144 will be
effective  January 1, 2002 for the  Company.  Management  does not  expect  this
standard  to have a  material  impact on the  Company's  consolidated  financial
position or results of operations.

Reclassifications--Certain  items  in  the  prior  year  consolidated  financial
statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.


3.       PURCHASE OF IBEX THERAPEUTIC ASSETS

On October 31, 2001,  the Company  purchased from IBEX  Technologies  Inc. (TSE:
IBT) and its subsidiaries the intellectual  property and other assets associated
with the  IBEX  therapeutic  enzyme  drug  products  (including  Neutralase  and
Phenylase) for $10.4 million,  consisting of $2 million in cash and $8.4 million
in BioMarin  common  stock at $10.218  dollars per share  (814,647  shares).  In
connection  with the purchase of IBEX,  the Company  issued  options to purchase
43,861 shares of the Company's common stock. These options were valued using the
Black-Scholes  option pricing model and the resulting  valuation of $291,000 was
included as additional  purchase price.  The purchase  agreement  includes up to
approximately $9.5 million in contingency  payments upon regulatory  approval of
Neutralase  and  Phenylase,  provided that approval  occurs prior to October 31,
2006.

The transaction did not meet the criteria of a business  combination as outlined
in EITF 98-3 "Determining Whether a Nonmonetary  Transaction Involves Receipt of
Productive  Assets or of a Business" as, upon  acquisition,  the assets acquired
did not have any significant business outputs.  Accordingly, all of the purchase
price plus related expenses  totaling $11.7 million was attributed to in-process
research  and  development  and was  expensed in the  accompanying  consolidated
statements of operations.

The following  unaudited pro forma summary financial  information (in thousands,
except  for  per  share  information)   displays  the  consolidated  results  of
operations  of the  Company  as if the  acquisition  of the  assets  of IBEX had
occurred on January 1, 2000 and was carried forward  through  December 31, 2001.
Preparation of the pro forma summary information was based on assumptions deemed
appropriate  by the  Company.  The  pro  forma  information  is not  necessarily
indicative of the results that actually  would have occurred if the  acquisition
had been  consummated  on January 1, 2000 nor does it purport to  represent  the
future financial position of operations for future periods:

                                                    Year ended December 31
                                                     2000             2001
                                               ---------------- ---------------
Revenues                                             $ 9,731         $ 11,699
Operating expenses                                   (59,163)         (53,457)
                                               ---------------- ---------------
Loss from continuing operations                      (49,372)         (47,237)

Net loss                                             (50,956)         (57,282)

Net loss per share (basic and diluted)                $(1.39)          $(1.37)

Weighted average common shares outstanding
(basic and diluted)                                   36,674           41,898



4.   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:

Common Stock and Warrants--The  Company closed a number of private placements in
1997 and 1998. In  connection  with these  placements,  an entity with which the
former chief executive officer and chairman of the board is affiliated (see Note
7) was issued a total of 899,500  shares  (valued at $1.4  million) and warrants
(valued at $0.1  million)  to purchase an  additional  801,500  shares of common
stock at an  exercise  price of $1 per  share.  These  issuances  were  made for
brokerage  services  rendered  in  connection  with  these  placements  and were
accounted  for as a cost of raising  capital.  The  warrants  were  exercised in
August 2000.

                                       F12
<PAGE>
In July 1999,  the Company  completed its initial  public  offering  raising net
proceeds (including the exercise of the over-allotment) of $60 million.

On May 16, 2001, the Company sold 4,763,712  shares of common stock at $9.45 per
share and,  for no  additional  consideration,  issued  three-year  warrants  to
purchase 714,554 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $13.10 per share
and  received  net  proceeds of $41.6  million.  Also,  on May 17,  2001, a fund
managed  by Acqua  Wellington  purchased  105,821  shares  of  common  stock and
received  warrants to purchase  15,873  shares of common stock on the same price
and terms as the May 16, 2001 transaction;  the Company received net proceeds of
$1 million.  The Company  allocated a portion of the proceeds to warrants in the
consolidated  balance sheet based on the  estimated  fair value of the warrants.
The fair value of the warrants was  calculated  using the  Black-Scholes  option
pricing model.

In August 2001,  the Company signed an amended  agreement with Acqua  Wellington
North American Equities Fund Ltd. (Acqua Wellington) for an equity investment in
the  Company.  The  agreement  allows for the  purchase  of up to $27.7  million
(approximately  2,500,000 shares). Under the terms of the agreement, the Company
will have the option to  request  that Acqua  Wellington  invest in the  Company
through  sales of registered  common stock at a small  discount to market price.
The maximum amount that the Company may request to be bought in any one month is
dependent  upon the market price of the stock (or an amount that can be mutually
agreed-upon  by both  parties)  and is  referred  to as the "Draw Down  Amount."
Subject to certain  conditions,  Acqua  Wellington is obligated to purchase this
amount if requested to do so by the  Company.  In addition,  the Company may, at
its  discretion,  grant a "Call  Option" to Acqua  Wellington  for an additional
investment in an amount up to the "Draw Down Amount" which Acqua  Wellington may
or may not choose to exercise. During 2001, Acqua Wellington purchased 1,344,194
shares for $13.5  million  ($13.2  million  net of issuance  costs).  Under this
agreement, Acqua Wellington may also purchase stock and receive similar terms of
any other equity financing by the Company.

On December 13, 2001, the Company  completed a follow-on  public offering of its
common stock.  In the offering,  the Company sold  8,050,000  shares,  including
1,050,000  shares to cover  over-allotments,  at a price to the public of $12.00
per share. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately $90.4 million.

Notes  Receivable  from  Stockholders--These  originated  from the October  1997
issuance of 2.5 million shares of Founders' Stock to three  officers.  The notes
carried an interest rate of 6%; since this was less than the then-market rate of
9%, an interest  discount  and related  deferred  compensation  of $200,000  was
recorded.  The deferred  compensation was recognized as an expense over the term
of the notes.

The  notes  were  originally  due on  March  31,  2001  and are  secured  by the
underlying stock. The notes contained  buy-back and vesting  provisions.  Two of
the three executives have left the Company.  For the first officer,  the Company
repurchased  33,334 of his shares at his original purchase price and reduced his
note balance by the same amount.  This officer repaid the remaining  balance and
interest in 2000.  The second and third officers have not yet fully repaid their
loans but repayment is expected in 2002 including interest that is continuing to
be accrued.

The notes are classified in the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets as a
reduction of stockholders' equity.

Deferred Compensation--In  connection with certain stock option and stock grants
to  employees  from 1998 to 2000,  the Company  recorded  deferred  compensation
totaling  $4.2 million,  which is being  amortized  over the  estimated  service
periods of the grantees.  Amortization expense recognized during the years ended
December  31,  1999,  2000,  and 2001 was $1.3  million,  $1.4  million and $0.8
million, respectively.

5.   STOCK OPTION PLANS:

The Board of Directors and stockholders have approved two plans:

o         The 1997 Stock Plan (the 1997  Plan)  provides  for the grant of stock
          options  and the  issuance  of common  stock to  employees,  officers,
          directors and consultants.  As of December 31, 2001,  9,172,451 shares
          were reserved for issuance under the 1997 Plan.

o         The 1998  Director  Option Plan (the Director  Plan)  provides for the
          grant  of  stock   options  and  the   issuance  of  common  stock  to
          non-employee  directors.  As of December 31, 2001, options to purchase
          185,000 shares were outstanding and options to purchase 500,000 shares
          were authorized by the Director Plan.

Options  currently  outstanding  under the 1997 Plan and 1998 Director Plan (the
Plans) generally have vesting  schedules of up to four years.  Options terminate
from  5-10  years  from  the  date of  grant  or 90 days  after  termination  of
employment.

                                       F13
<PAGE>
The  Company  accounts  for  option  grants  in  accordance  with  APB  25.  Had
compensation cost for option grants to employees under the Plans been determined
consistent  with the fair value  provisions  of SFAS No. 123,  the effect on the
Company's net loss would have been as follows:


<table>
<s>                                     <c>            <c>             <c>           <c>
                                                                                      Period from
                                                                                     March 21, 1997
                                                  Years ended December 31,           (Inception) to
                                        --------------------------------------------  December 31,
                                             1999           2000           2001            2001
                                        -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
Net loss as reported                     $  (28,072)    $  (37,364)    $  (67,606)    $  (148,119)
Pro forma effect of SFAS No. 123             (1,074)        (5,412)       (13,875)        (20,544)
                                        -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
Pro forma net loss                       $  (29,146)    $  (42,776)    $  (81,481)    $  (168,663)
                                        ============== ============== ============== ==============
Net loss per common share as reported    $    (0.94)    $    (1.04)    $    (1.65)    $     (5.22)
                                        ============== ============== ============== ==============
Pro forma loss per common share          $    (0.97)    $    (1.19)    $    (1.98)    $     (5.94)
                                        ============== ============== ============== ==============

</table>

A summary of the status of the Company's Plans is as follows:

<table>
<s>                                    <c>            <c>            <c>             <c>
                                                         Weighted
                                                         Average      Exercisable    Weighted Average
                                                         Exercise      at End of      Fair Value of
                                       Option Shares      Price           Year       Options Granted
                                       -------------  -------------  -------------   ----------------
Outstanding at March 21, 1997                    -
                                       -------------
     Granted                                297,000       $1.00                            $0.22
                                       -------------
Outstanding at December 31, 1997            297,000        1.00          232,000
                                                                     =============
     Granted                              2,507,660        4.18                            $2.40
     Exercised                              (1,973)        1.00
     Canceled                               (1,447)        1.00
                                       -------------
Outstanding at December 31, 1998          2,801,240        3.85          761,609
                                                                     =============
     Granted                              2,877,430       11.35                            $8.80
     Exercised                             (40,148)        3.69
     Canceled                             (188,536)        9.28
                                       -------------
Outstanding at December 31, 1999          5,449,986        7.59        1,922,041
                                       =============                 =============
       Granted                            1,881,310       15.83                           $13.27
       Exercised                         (1,300,532)       4.36
       Canceled                            (491,506)      11.70
                                       -------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2000          5,539,258       10.92        2,067,302
                                       =============                 =============
       Granted                            2,844,206       10.80                            $8.22
       Exercised                           (343,560)       3.72
       Canceled                            (273,226)      14.21
                                     ---------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2001          7,766,678       11.18        3,682,150
                                     ===============                 =============
</table>


There were 1,048,661 and 219,560 options available for grant under the Plans at
December 31, 2000 and 2001, respectively.

                                       F14
<PAGE>
As of December 31, 2001,  the  options  outstanding  consisted of the
following:

<table>
<s>                  <c>                  <c>            <c>         <c>                  <c>
                       Options Outstanding                                     Options Exercisable
-------------------------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------
                                                          Weighted
                                                           Average    Weighted Average         Weighted
 Range of Exercise    Number of Options    Contractual    Exercise    Number of Options    Average Exercise
       Prices            Outstanding           Life        Price        Exercisable              Price
-------------------  -------------------  -------------  ----------  -------------------  ------------------
   $0.00 to $3.50             103,523            0.7        $1.07             103,523            $1.07

   $3.50 to $7.00           1,699,903            4.0        $5.35           1,376,818            $5.24

  $7.01 to $10.50           1,644,037            8.9        $9.43             539,178            $9.45

 $10.51 to $14.00           3,030,947            7.1       $12.60           1,026,982           $12.68

 $14.01 to $17.50             691,394            4.6       $15.83             358,365           $15.81

 $17.51 to $21.00             265,874            6.5       $19.40             132,621           $19.66

 $21.01 to $24.50             220,000            8.1       $21.63              93,541           $21.96

 $24.51 to $28.00              96,000            3.2       $25.88              43,935           $25.90

 $28.00 to $31.50              15,000            3.2       $31.25               7,187           $31.25

                     -------------------                             -------------------
                            7,766,678                                       3,682,150
                     ===================                             ===================

</table>
The following  summarizes  the  assumptions  used to determine the fair value of
each option using the Black-Scholes option pricing model:

<table>
<s>                                     <c>              <c>         <c>          <c>
                                                          Dividend
Dates of Grant                           Interest Rate      Yield        Life     Volatility
--------------------------------------  ---------------  ----------- -----------  -----------

Inception to July 22, 1999  (pre-IPO)     4.6% to 5.7%       0.00%    4 years           0%
July 22, 1999 to December 31, 1999        5.8% to 6.1%       0.00%    4 years          39%
January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2000      4.6% to 6.8%       0.00%    4 years         105%
January 1, 2001 to December 31, 2001      3.9% to 4.9%       0.00%    4 years          76%
</table>


6.       NOTE PAYABLE:

During  December 2001, the Company  entered into three separate  agreements with
General  Electric  Capital  Corporation for secured loans totaling $5.5 million.
The notes bear interest  (ranging from 9.1% to 9.31%) and are secured by certain
manufacturing  and  laboratory   equipment  not  purchased  with  the  proceeds.
Additionally,  one of the  agreements is subject to a covenant that requires the
Company to maintain a minimum  unrestricted cash balance of $25 million.  Should
the  unrestricted  cash balance  fall below $25 million,  the note is subject to
prepayment, including prepayment penalties ranging from 1 percent to 4 percent.

Principal  payments due on notes payable subsequent to December 31, 2001, are as
follows (in thousands):

        2002                      $      1,525
        2003                             1,803
        2004                             1,948
        2005                               113
                                 ----------------
                                  $      5,389
                                 ================

7.   INCOME TAXES:

The Company  utilizes the asset and liability  method of  accounting  for income
taxes. Under this method,  deferred taxes are determined based on the difference
between the financial  statement and tax bases of assets and  liabilities  using
tax rates  expected  to be in effect in the years in which the  differences  are
expected to reverse.

The  Company's  primary  temporary  differences  relate  to items  expensed  for
financial  reporting  purposes  but not  currently  deductible  for  income  tax
purposes, consisting primarily of depreciable lives for property and equipment.

                                       F15
<PAGE>
As of December 31, 2001,  net operating  loss  carryforwards  are  approximately
$120.6 million and $57.6 million for federal and California income tax purposes,
respectively.  These net  operating  loss  carryforwards  include net  operating
losses of $12.6  million  for  federal  purposes  related to Glyko,  Inc.  These
federal  and state  carryforwards  expire  beginning  in the year 2011 and 2004,
respectively.

The Company also has research and development credits available to reduce future
federal and  California  income  taxes of  approximately  $3.2  million and $3.1
million,  respectively,  at December 31, 2001.  These  credits  include  credits
related to Glyko,  Inc.  of  approximately  $0.7  million  and $0.4  million for
federal  and  California  purposes,   respectively.   These  federal  and  state
carryforwards expire beginning in 2012 and 2013, respectively.

The Company also has orphan drug  credits  available  to reduce  future  federal
income taxes, if any, of approximately $13.6 million at December 31, 2001.

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 contains  provisions that may limit the net operating
loss carryforwards and research and development  credits available to be used in
any given year should certain events occur,  including sale of equity securities
and other changes in ownership.  The acquisition of Glyko,  Inc. and the related
issuance of stock represented a change of ownership under these provisions. As a
result of this and the proposed  exiting of the Glyko business,  there can be no
assurance  that  the  Company  will  be  able  to  utilize  net  operating  loss
carryforwards and credits before expiration.

The Company has a cumulative net operating loss  carryforward  since  inception,
resulting in net deferred tax assets of approximately $61.5 million. A valuation
allowance  has been placed on the net  deferred  tax assets to reduce them to an
assumed net realizable value of zero.

8.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

Lease  Commitments--The  Company  leases  office  space and research and testing
laboratory space in various  facilities under operating  agreements  expiring at
various dates through 2010.  Future  minimum lease  payments for the years ended
December 31 are as follows (in thousands):

            2002.................       $   2,548
            2003.................           2,566
            2004.................           2,392
            2005.................           2,093
            2006.................           1,924
            Thereafter...........           5,715
                                        ----------
                      Total......       $  17,238
                                        ==========

Rent expense for the years ended  December 31, 1999,  2000 and 2001, and for the
period from March 21, 1997 (inception),  to December 31, 2001, was $1.1 million,
$1.5 million, $2.2 million and $5.2 million, respectively.

Research  and  Development  Funding and  Technology  Licenses--The  Company uses
experts and  laboratories  at  universities  and other  institutions  to perform
research and development activities. Funding commitments as of December 31, 2001
to these institutions for future years are as follows (in thousands):

            2002..................          $   652
            2003..................              330
            2004..................              255
            2005..................              255
            2006..................              255
                                          ---------
                      Total.......          $ 1,747
                                          =========

The Company has also licensed technology from certain institutions, for which it
is  required  to pay a royalty  upon  future  sales,  subject to certain  annual
minimums. As of December 31, 2001, such minimum commitments were $255,000.

Product Liability and Lack of Insurance -- The Company is subject to the risk of
exposure to product  liability claims in the event that the use of AldurazymeTM,
AryplaseTM  or  VibrilaseTM   results  in  adverse  effects  during  testing  or
commercial  sale.  BioMarin/Genzyme  LLC (the LLC) and the Company carry product
liability  insurance to cover the clinical trials of Aldurazyme (by the LLC) and
Aryplase and  Vibrilase  (by the  Company).  There can be no assurance  that the
Company  will  be  able  to  obtain  product  liability  insurance  coverage  at
economically  reasonable  rates or that such  insurance  will  provide  adequate
coverage  against all  possible  claims.  To date,  there have not been any such
claims.

                                       F16
<PAGE>
9.   RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

On April 13,  1999,  the  Company  entered  into a  convertible  note  financing
agreement  in the amount of $26.0  million.  Of this amount GBL  purchased  $4.3
million worth of such notes and LaMont Asset  Management SA (LAM) purchased $9.7
million. A director of the Company is also the chairman of LAM. The Company also
entered into an agency  agreement  with LAM pursuant to which the Company agreed
to pay LAM a five percent cash  commission on sales to certain note  purchasers.
On July 23, 1999,  concurrent with the Company's IPO, the Company's  convertible
notes payable  (including accrued interest) were converted into 2,672,020 shares
of the Company's common stock at $10 per share.  GBL's $4.3 million  convertible
note plus  interest  was  converted  to 441,911  shares  and LAM's $9.7  million
convertible note plus interest was converted to 996,869 shares.

In April  2001,  the  Company  loaned a Company  officer  $860,000 to purchase a
property  and  received a  promissory  note  secured by the  property.  The note
matures on October 31, 2004  (subject to various  conditions  in the  employment
agreement) and bears interest at the Federal  mid-term rate (3.9% as of December
31, 2001).

Due to the terms of the  collaborative  agreement with Genzyme  outlined in Note
10,  Genzyme is  considered to be a related  party.  See also Notes 1 and 10 for
Genzyme related-party transactions.

10.   COLLABORATIVE AGREEMENTS:

Genzyme--In  1998,  the Company  entered  into an agreement  (the  Collaboration
Agreement) with Genzyme to establish a joint venture  (BioMarin/Genzyme LLC) for
the worldwide development and commercialization of Aldurazyme to treat MPS I. In
conjunction with the formation of the joint venture,  the Company  established a
wholly-owned  subsidiary,  BioMarin Genetics,  Inc. The Company has a 49 percent
interest in the joint venture, BioMarin Genetics, Inc. has a 1 percent interest,
and Genzyme has the remaining 50 percent interest.

Under the Collaboration  Agreement, the Company and Genzyme are each required to
make capital contributions to the joint venture in an amount equal to 50 percent
of costs and expenses associated with the development and  commercialization  of
Aldurazyme.  The  parties  also  agree to share the  profits  equally  from such
commercialization.  In  addition,  Genzyme  purchased  1,333,333  shares  of the
Company's  common stock at $6 per share in a private  placement  for proceeds of
$8.0 million and,  concurrent  with the IPO,  purchased  an  additional  769,230
shares of the Company's  common stock at the IPO price for an  additional  $10.0
million.  Genzyme has also agreed to pay the Company  $12.1 million in cash upon
FDA approval of the biologics license application for Aldurazyme.

Other   Agreements--The   Company  is  engaged  in  research   and   development
collaborations with various academic  institutions,  commercial research groups,
and other  entities.  The  agreements  provide for  sponsorship  of research and
development  by the Company and may also provide for  exclusive  royalty-bearing
intellectual property licenses or rights of first negotiation regarding licenses
to intellectual property development under the collaborations.  Typically, these
agreements are terminable for cause by either party upon 90 days written notice.

11.   COMPENSATION PLANS:

Employment  Agreements--The  Company has entered into employment agreements with
eight officers. Seven of these agreements can be terminated without cause by the
Company upon six months prior notice,  or by the officer upon three months prior
written notice to the Company. The employment agreement with the Company's Chief
Executive  Officer (CEO) shall be renewed  after three years for one  additional
three-year  period  unless  either  party gives nine months  notice prior to the
expiration of the initial three-year period. The annual salaries committed under
these employment agreements total approximately $2.0 million. In addition, three
of the  agreements  provide for the payment of an annual cash bonus of up to 100
percent of the base annual  salary of the three senior  officers  based upon the
Company's  market  capitalization  through June 30, 2000.  Bonuses for the three
senior  officers (two of whom are no longer with the company)  totaled  $294,000
and $0 in 2000 and 2001, respectively.  The bonuses for the CEO totaled $279,000
in 2001.

401(k)  Plan--The  Company sponsors the BioMarin  Retirement  Savings Plan. Most
employees  (Participants)  are eligible to  participate  following  the start of
their employment,  on the earlier of the next occurring January 1, April 1, July
1 or October 1.  Participants  may  contribute up to 20 percent of their current
compensation  to the  401(k)  Plan or an amount up to a  statutorily  prescribed
annual  limit.  The  Company  pays the direct  expenses  of the 401(k)  Plan and
matches 50% of the first 2% contributed to the employee accounts.  The Company's
matching contribution vests over four years from employment commencement and was
$0, $30,000,  $90,000 and $123,000 for the years ended December 31, 1999,  2000,
2001 and for the period from March 21, 1997  (inception)  through  December  31,
2001, respectively.

                                       F17
<PAGE>

1998 Employee  Stock  Purchase Plan (1998  Purchase  Plan) -- A total of 250,000
shares of Company  common stock has been  reserved  for issuance  under the 1998
Purchase Plan,  plus annual  increases equal to the lesser of 0.5 percent of the
outstanding capital stock,  200,000 shares, or a lesser amount set by the Board.
As of December 31, 2001,  63,083 shares have been issued under the 1998 Purchase
Plan.

12.   SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

The following non-cash transactions took place in the periods presented
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>

                                                                                                 Period from March
                                                                                                     21, 1997
                                                              Year Ended December 31,              (Inception) to
                                                     ------------------------------------------     December 31,
                                                          1999          2000          2001              2001
                                                     -------------- ------------ --------------  ------------------
Common stock issued upon conversion of
   convertible notes plus interest                      $25,615     $         -  $        -      $        25,615

Common stock issued in exchange for notes                     -               -           -               20,500

Common stock and common stock warrants
    issued in exchange for brokerage services                 -               -           -                1,518

Common stock surrendered by stockholders'
    for payment of principle and interest                     -             170           -                  170

Compensation in the form of common stock
    and common stock options                                  -               -           -                   18

Issuance of common stock to acquire the
therapeutic   assets of IBEX at $10.218 per share             -               -       8,324                8,324

Fair value of common stock options issued in
connection with IBEX acquisition                              -               -         291                  291

Fair value of restricted stock grant issued
pursuant to an employment contract                            -             313           -                  313

Borrowings under capital lease arrangements                   -               -         206                  206

</TABLE>

13.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (unaudited)

In December  2001,  the  Company  signed a  definitive  agreement  with  Synapse
Technologies  Inc. (a  privately  held  Canadian  company) to acquire all of its
outstanding  capital stock for  approximately  $10.2  million in Company  common
stock plus future contingent  milestone  payments totaling $6 million payable in
cash or  common  stock at the  Company's  discretion.  The  Company  will  issue
approximately  885,000 shares of common stock for the purchase.  The acquisition
will be recorded  upon  closing in the first  quarter of 2002 using the purchase
method of accounting. All of the purchase price along with related expenses will
be expensed as in-process research and development costs.

In February 2002,  the Company signed a definitive  agreement to purchase all of
the  outstanding  capital stock of Glyko  Biomedical  Ltd.  (GBL).  Upon closing
(anticipated to be in the second quarter of 2002) GBL shareholders  will receive
11,367,617  shares of Company  common stock in exchange for their GBL stock.  In
turn,  the Company  will retire the  existing  11,367,617  shares of  restricted
common stock of the Company  currently  held by GBL. There will be no net effect
on the common stock outstanding. It is anticipated that $2.1 million of expenses
will be incurred and expensed as  reorganization  costs for this  transaction in
2002.  Approximately $400,000 of transaction costs were incurred and expensed in
2001.


14.  QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA (unaudited)

The Company's  quarterly  operating  results have fluctuated in the past and may
continue to do so in the future as a result of a number of  factors,  including,
but not limited to, the  completion of  development  projects and  variations in
levels of production.

The Company's common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market since July
22, 1999.  There were 82 common  stockholders of record at December 31, 2001. No
dividends have ever been paid by the Company.

                                       F18
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>          <C>           <C>               <C>

                                                                Quarter Ended
                                        -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         March 31,   June 30,      September 30,     December 31,
2001                                                  (In thousands, except per share data)
Total revenue                            $  2,690    $  3,012      $     3,101       $   2,896
Loss from continuing operations            (9,083)    (11,331)         (10,642)        (26,372)
Loss from discontinued operations            (617)       (638)            (373)           (638)
Loss from disposal of Glyko, Inc.               -           -                -          (7,912)
Net loss                                   (9,700)    (11,969)         (11,015)        (34,922)
Net loss per share, basic and diluted       (0.26)      (0.30)           (0.26)          (0.77)
Common stock price per share:
  High                                   $ 12.063    $ 13.210      $    13.610       $  14.160
  Low                                       7.313       7.500            9.120           9.400


                                                                Quarter Ended
                                        -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         March 31,   June 30,      September 30,     December 31,
2000                                                  (In thousands, except per share data)
Total revenue                            $  2,791    $  2,258      $    1,950        $   2,715
Loss from continuing operations           (11,202)     (6,854)         (7,731)          (9,828)
Loss from discontinued operations            (534)       (232)           (417)            (566)
Net loss                                  (11,736)     (7,086)         (8,148)         (10,394)
Net loss per share, basic and diluted       (0.34)      (0.20)          (0.23)           (0.28)
Common stock price per share:
  High                                   $ 38.750    $ 27.750      $   21.750        $  17.625
  Low                                      12.750      16.750          16.375            7.156

</TABLE>
                                       F19
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
