<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>p18248_10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark one)

_X_      Annual  Report  Pursuant  to  Section  13 or  15(d)  of the  Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934 for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2003

OR

___      Transition  Report  Pursuant  to Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934

                        Commission File Number 000-26372

                          CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          California                                           82-0429727
(State or other jurisdiction of                             (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                             Identification No.)

  349 Oyster Point Boulevard, Suite 200, South San Francisco, California 94080
               (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (zip code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (650) 616-2200

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

          None                                  Nasdaq National Market
(Title of each class)                (Name of each exchange on which registered)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                           Common Stock, no par value
                                (Title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  Registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                                 YES _X_ NO ___

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.

                                 YES _X_ NO ___

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Act of 1934).

                                 YES ___ NO _X_

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
Registrant as of June 30, 2003, the last business day of the  Registrant's  most
recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $51,755,662,  based on the closing
price  for the  common  stock on The  Nasdaq  Stock  Market on such  date.  This
calculation  does not include a  determination  that persons are  affiliates  or
non-affiliates for any other purpose.

As of  March  29,  2004,  there  were  20,117,211  of  shares  of  common  stock
outstanding.


                      Documents Incorporated By Reference:

The information called for by Part III of this Report,  and certain  information
called  for by Part II,  Item 5 of this  Report,  to the  extent  not set  forth
herein, is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement  relating
to the Annual  Meeting of  Shareholders  of the Company which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange  Commission not later than 120 days after the end of
the fiscal year to which this Report relates.

<PAGE>

                CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 10-K ANNUAL REPORT
                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                          Page
                                                                                                          ----
                                                    Part I
<S>       <C>                                                                                               <C>
Item 1.   BUSINESS                                                                                           3
Item 2.   PROPERTIES                                                                                        12
Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                                                                 12
Item 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS                                               12
Item 4a.  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT                                                              12


                                                    Part II

Item 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS                             13
Item 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA                                                                           14
Item 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS             16
Item 7a.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK                                        28
Item 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA                                                       28
Item 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE              29
Item 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES                                                                           29


                                                   Part III

Item 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT                                                30
Item 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                                                            30
Item 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT                                    30
Item 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS                                                    30
Item 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT, FEES AND SERVICES                                                           30

                                                    Part IV

Item 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K                                  31
</TABLE>

Unless the context  otherwise  requires,  the terms "we",  "our",  and "Cellegy"
refer to  Cellegy  Pharmaceuticals,  Inc.,  a  California  corporation,  and its
subsidiaries.   Cellegesic,   Fortigel,   Tostrelle,   and  Rectogesic  are  our
trademarks.  We also refer to trademarks of other corporations and organizations
in this document.

                                       2
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1:  BUSINESS

         Cellegy    Pharmaceuticals    is   a   development    stage   specialty
biopharmaceutical company, incorporated in California in 1989, that develops and
intends to commercialize prescription drugs targeting primarily gastrointestinal
conditions and sexual  dysfunction  using proprietary  topical  formulations and
nitric  oxide ("NO")  donor  technologies.  In January  2004,  Cellegy  reported
positive  results  from  a  confirmatory  Phase  3  study  using  Cellegesic(TM)
(nitroglycerin ointment) for the treatment of chronic anal fissure pain. We plan
to submit a New Drug  Application  ("NDA")  to the United  States  Food and Drug
Administration ("FDA") in the second quarter of 2004.

         In  addition  to  the  anal  fissure  indication,   we  are  developing
Cellegesic  for the  treatment of  hemorrhoids  and a painful  condition  called
dyspareunia,  which  prevents or inhibits  sexual  intercourse in more than five
million  women  in the  United  States.  Other  early  stage  NO  donor  product
candidates  in our pipeline  address a number of conditions  including  prostate
cancer, Raynaud's Disease and Restless Leg Syndrome.

         Cellegy is also developing two transdermal  testosterone  gel products.
Tostrelle(TM)  (testosterone  gel) 0.5% is for the  treatment  of female  sexual
dysfunction in postmenopausal  women. We have previously announced results of an
interim  analysis of a Phase 2 study using Tostrelle for the treatment of female
sexual  dysfunction  showing a favorable  response  rate of 71% versus a placebo
response of 13%. Fortigel(TM) (testosterone gel) 2.0%, a replacement therapy for
male hypogonadism, was the subject of a Not Approvable letter by the FDA in July
2003.  Cellegy has had  discussions  and exchanges with the FDA which we believe
may lead to  agreement  on any  remaining  work  required  for  approval  of the
product.  There can, however, be no assurances  regarding the timing and outcome
of these  interactions and the FDA's decisions  regarding  Fortigel or our other
products.

Products Under Development

Cellegesic  (nitroglycerin ointment for treatment of anal fissures,  hemorrhoids
and dyspareunia)

         Cellegesic is a topical, nitroglycerin-based prescription product being
developed  for the  treatment of anal  fissures,  hemorrhoids  and  dyspareunia.
Nitroglycerin is a drug that has safely and effectively been used for many years
to treat cardiac conditions, primarily angina pectoris.

         Anal  fissures  are painful  tears in the lining of the anal  canal,  a
condition  afflicting  men and women of all age  groups and  nationalities.  The
condition is associated with increased pressure in the anal canal and a decrease
in blood  supply to the  region.  Many  chronic  cases  require  a  painful  and
expensive surgical procedure (Lateral Internal Sphincterotomy), that is designed
to reduce anal  pressure by  severing  the muscles of the inner anal  sphincter.
This procedure, while highly effective,  frequently leaves patients incontinent.
Cellegesic,  which is applied  intra-anally,  works to reduce  anal  pressure by
gently relaxing the inner anal sphincter muscles. If approved,  Cellegesic, will
likely reduce the number of surgeries and the associated incontinence risk.

         There are currently no FDA approved drug  therapies for anal  fissures,
although anesthetics and  anti-inflammatory  agents which only partially relieve
the symptoms of the condition are  currently  prescribed.  According to Verispan
audits, anal fissures afflict an estimated 750,000 Americans,  resulting in over
one million physician visits each year. The most recent audit data for 2003 show
about 100,000 annual uses of pharmacy-compounded nitroglycerin for the treatment
of anal  fissures.  We believe that,  if  Cellegesic is approved,  the extensive
compounding of  nitroglycerin  by pharmacies will decline as physicians begin to
prescribe  Cellegesic,  a stable,  homogeneous  formulation  that will be to FDA
standards  and will be  consistent  from batch to batch.  We plan to enforce our
issued  United States  patents if  compounding  continues  after FDA approval of
Cellegesic.

         Hemorrhoids are dilated,  swollen veins and tissue located either in or
near the anal canal. In the United States alone,  there are  approximately  nine
million  people who suffer from  hemorrhoids  each year,  according to published
data.  Hemorrhoids are also characterized by an increase in intra-anal pressure,
which has been shown to be effectively reduced by the application of Cellegesic.
Cellegy is currently conducting a Phase 2 clinical trial to test the efficacy of
Cellegesic ointment in the treatment of various symptoms of hemorrhoids.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         Dyspareunia is a condition  that is  characterized  by intense  vaginal
pain.  The  condition  can  be  recurrent  and  frequently  causes   significant
impairment to normal sexual  functioning in woman.  There are multiple  possible
causes of  dyspareunia  but often the  condition is present  without any obvious
evidence of underlying  disease.  It has been reported that between 7% to 15% of
American women of sexually  active age are affected by the condition.  There are
no approved  treatments for dyspareunia and while many different  approaches are
used none are  completely  satisfactory.  In a recent,  non  placebo  controlled
clinical study of nitroglycerin ointment conducted by Dr. Jennifer Berman of the
University of California Los Angeles Medical Center, the product was reported to
reduce the pain of women suffering from vulvodynia,  a condition that is a major
contributor  to  dyspareunia.  Cellegy  is now  initiating  a similar  study and
intends to conduct  additional  trials  using  Cellegesic  for the  treatment of
vulvodynia.

Recent Cellegesic Clinical Trials Results

         In January 2004, Cellegy announced results of a preliminary analysis of
its third Cellegesic Phase 3 clinical trial showing a statistically  significant
(p<0.05)  reduction in anal fissure pain compared with a placebo  control during
the first three weeks of the trial, the primary efficacy  endpoint of the study.
As observed in two earlier Phase 3 trials,  the most common side effect was mild
to moderate headache.  The double blind,  placebo controlled trial was conducted
according to a Special Protocol  Assessment  ("SPA"),  that was agreed to by the
Company  and the  FDA.  An SPA is  intended  to  provide  assurance  that if the
pre-specified  primary endpoint is achieved and no unexpected  safety issues are
seen, the FDA will approve the product for commercial sale. We are now preparing
an NDA submission for filing with the FDA in the second quarter of 2004.

         Subjects  who met the  enrollment  criteria  for a chronic anal fissure
were  randomized to receive  either the placebo  ointment or 0.4%  nitroglycerin
ointment  twice daily over an  eight-week  period.  The daily records of average
pain intensity from 187 intent-to-treat  subjects (89  Cellegesic-treated and 98
placebo-treated) were analyzed for statistical evidence of pain reduction during
the first 21 days of treatment  as the primary  efficacy  endpoint.  The primary
endpoint was achieved (p<0.05).

         A secondary endpoint and several tertiary endpoints were also analyzed.
The secondary endpoint was time to 50% pain reduction.  On average,  the time to
50% pain reduction produced by Cellegesic was sooner than the reduction produced
by the  placebo,  although the  difference  was not  statistically  significant.
Tertiary  endpoints  included  reduction of average pain over the eight-week (56
days) treatment  period,  reduction of pain upon defecation  through days 21 and
56, and healing.  Average pain reduction and defecation pain reduction were both
statistically  significant  over 56 days  (p<0.05).  However,  the  significance
achieved in these tertiary  endpoints did not remain  statistically  significant
after  applying  adjustment  to  the  p-values  for  the  analysis  of  multiple
endpoints. These results were numerically superior to placebo and demonstrate an
important positive trend. There was no significant difference in fissure healing
between Cellegesic and the placebo control, as in earlier trials.

         Side effects seen in the trial were  consistent  with those observed in
the previous two Phase 3 studies, with mild to moderate headache the most common
side effect. Five subjects dropped out of the study as a result of the headache.
The SPA, as agreed to with the FDA, required that subjects  discontinuing due to
nitroglycerin   related   headache   (one  that  occurs  within  30  minutes  of
application)  should have their last daily pain intensity  score, as recorded on
the day the  subject  dropped  out,  carried  forward  each day  through day 21.
Clinical judgment,  based on each subject's entire record, was used to determine
which of the five subjects  discontinued due to nitroglycerin related headaches.
Last daily pain  intensity  scores  were  carried  forward for three of the five
subjects. The other two subjects who withdrew from the trial due to headache had
all of their available pain data prior to dropout  included in the analysis.  We
believe we  achieved  the results  specified  in the SPA  although  the FDA will
conduct its own analysis, and could disagree with our conclusion.

         Cellegy is also conducting a Phase 2 clinical trial using Cellegesic to
determine  its effect on the  symptoms of  hemorrhoids.  Hemorrhoids  afflict an
estimated nine million people annually in the United States alone,  according to
published data. We are also  initiating a pilot study in dyspareunia,  a painful
condition afflicting up to five million women in the United States.

                                       4
<PAGE>

Previous Cellegesic Clinical Trial Results

         We completed our initial Phase 3 clinical  trial using  Cellegesic  for
the treatment of anal fissures and announced the results in November  1999.  The
trial,  which  included  304  patients,  did  not  demonstrate  a  statistically
significant rate of healing compared with placebo, but did show significant pain
reduction. Based on this outcome, we initiated a second Phase 3 trial in 2000 to
confirm the drug's ability to reduce  fissure pain, the primary trial  endpoint,
with healing of chronic anal fissures as a secondary endpoint.  The second Phase
3 clinical  trial,  which  included 229 patients in several study centers in the
United States and overseas,  was completed in September 2001.  Patients received
either of two strengths of Cellegesic or placebo  administered  twice daily over
an eight week treatment period. The patient's pain scores were tabulated and the
patients  were  examined to determine  whether the fissure had healed.  Positive
results  were  achieved in the primary  endpoint,  which was pain  reduction  of
chronic anal fissures. Statistical significance was not achieved in healing.

         In June  2001,  we  filed a  rolling  NDA  with  the FDA for the use of
Cellegesic for the treatment of pain associated  with chronic anal fissures.  We
amended the NDA upon completion of the second Phase 3 anal fissure pain study in
November  2001. In April 2002, we announced the withdrawal of our Cellegesic NDA
after it became  clear  that the FDA was not going to  approve  the NDA.  We had
several  subsequent  discussions and meetings with the FDA to supply  additional
information  and to attempt to clarify  and  respond to the FDA's  concerns  and
questions. In September 2002, we announced that we believed most of the agency's
previously stated concerns had been satisfactorily  addressed with the exception
that the FDA believed that some aspects of the statistical  analysis methodology
used  by  Cellegy  were  not  pre-specified  in the  statistical  analysis  plan
submitted prior to unblinding the trial. Cellegy believes that it had adequately
demonstrated that the statistical analysis methodology was properly set forth in
the  original  analysis  plan  and  was  correctly  utilized.  However,  the FDA
concluded  that  the  method  was  not  pre-specified  to its  satisfaction  and
indicated  that it  would  require  another  Phase 3  trial  before  considering
approval of the product.

Tostrelle (testosterone gel for female hormone replacement therapy)

         Normal blood  concentrations  of testosterone in women range from 10 to
20 times less than those of men. Nevertheless, in both sexes, testosterone plays
a key role in building  muscle tissue or bone and in  maintaining  normal sexual
desire.  In women,  the  ovaries  and  adrenal  glands  continue  to  synthesize
testosterone after menopause, although the rate of production may diminish by as
much as 50%.  Testosterone  deficiency in women  frequently  leads to diminished
libido, decreased bone and muscle mass and reduced energy levels.  Approximately
15 million  women in the United  States  suffer from  symptoms  of  testosterone
deficiency.  At the  present  time,  there  are no  approved  products  for  the
treatment of this  condition,  although it has been reported  that  testosterone
treatment is frequently  being  prescribed  off-label for women by Obstetricians
and Gynecologists.

         Based  on the  results  of  pharmacokinetic  studies  in men  receiving
Fortigel,  Cellegy's  product  candidate for male  hypogonadism,  our scientists
calculated  the  concentration  of  testosterone   required  to  achieve  normal
pre-menopausal  hormone levels in postmenopausal  women. The result is Cellegy's
Tostrelle,  a product designed to safely restore normal  testosterone  levels in
hormone deficient women.

         Cellegy  has  successfully  completed  two  Phase  1/2  pharmacokinetic
studies in which we  determined  the proper  dose  necessary  to restore  normal
testosterone  levels to normally  menopausal and  surgically-induced  menopausal
women.  In June 2003,  we  announced  an interim  analysis of a Phase 2 study in
women with  sexual  dysfunction  showing a favorable  response  rate of 71% with
Tostrelle versus a 13% placebo response. Based on these results, we initiated an
amended  Phase 2  clinical  study in 2003.  We now plan to meet  with the FDA to
review the trial  results  and the  overall  Tostrelle  program.  Subject to the
outcome of this meeting,  we intend to pursue advanced trials  incorporating any
reasonable protocol changes that might be required by the FDA.

Fortigel (testosterone replacement therapy for male hypogonadism)

         Fortigel  is a  transdermal  testosterone  gel  designed  to treat male
hypogonadism,  a  condition  involving  clinically  deficient  levels of the sex
hormone  testosterone.  Low  levels of  testosterone  can  result  in  lethargy,
depression and a decline in libido. In severely  deficient cases, loss of muscle
mass and bone  density can occur.  Approximately  five million men in the United
States,  primarily in the aging (over 40) male population  group, have deficient
levels of testosterone.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      There  are a number  of  companies  currently  marketing  testosterone  in
several different product forms in domestic and international  markets.  Cellegy
believes there is an important  medical and market need for an improved product,
as the side  effects  and  patient  inconveniences  associated  with many of the
currently marketed products have limited their use to less than 10% of potential
patients,  according to  published  prescription  data.  Current  product  forms
include  injectables,  a transdermal  patch, two testosterone gel products and a
buccal tablet. The leading gel product currently priced at approximately  $3,500
per year is now generating annual domestic revenues in excess of $350 million.

         Cellegy's   proprietary   testosterone   gel   product   candidate   is
transparent,  rapid-drying  and  non-staining.  It is designed  as a  once-a-day
application  from a unique metered dose  dispenser to relatively  small areas of
the skin.  Based on the  results of a  201-patient  Phase 3 trial  announced  in
November  2001,  Cellegy  filed an NDA in June of 2002.  However,  Fortigel  was
subsequently the subject of a Not Approvable  letter by the FDA in July 2003. In
its letter, the FDA stated that in its opinion the following deficiencies in the
Fortigel NDA were found: (1) there is insufficient information to establish that
high  supraphysiologic  daily  Cmax  serum  testosterone  levels  achieved  in a
significant  portion of participants in the major clinical study  supporting the
NDA are safe under  conditions  of  chronic  administration;  and,  (2) there is
insufficient  information  provided to demonstrate  that the dose of the product
can be adjusted to consistently preclude achieving these high supraphysiological
testosterone levels. Cellegy has had discussion and exchanges with the FDA which
Cellegy  believes  may lead to  agreement  on any  remaining  work  required for
approval of the  product,  although  there can be no  assurances  regarding  the
timing and outcome of these  interactions  and the FDA's  decision.  We could be
required to conduct further clinical trials or undertake other time consuming or
costly actions necessary to satisfy the FDA's requirements.

Marketed Products

Rectogesic

         Rectogesic(TM)   (nitroglycerin   ointment),   a  product   similar  in
formulation to  Cellegesic,  was approved by the  Australian  Therapeutic  Goods
Administration and has been successfully  marketed in Australia since early 1999
and is now on the market in New Zealand and South Korea.  Rectogesic is the only
approved  product for the  treatment of anal  fissures  and,  although it is not
indicated  for  hemorrhoids  treatment,  it has  achieved  the  number  3 market
position in the much larger hemorrhoid product category in Australia, with sales
increasing  by 27% in 2002 and  another  40% in 2003.  There have been no safety
issues reported with use of the product since its introduction.

Skin Care

         Cellegy has completed development of certain consumer skin care blends,
including skin moisturizers and anti-aging  lotions and creams. We are currently
marketing  our  C79  Intensive  Moisturizer  formulation  to a  major  specialty
retailer which  incorporates  C79 into its products.  Our revenues from sales of
C79 totaled  $316,000 in 2003 with total sales of approximately $5 million since
product introduction in 1998.

Marketing and Commercialization Strategy

         Cellegy  intends to become a leader in the development and marketing of
selected  specialty  biopharmaceutical  products  that are directed  towards the
treatment of  gastrointestinal  disorders,  sexual  dysfunction  in both men and
women, and conditions affecting women's health. Key elements of our business and
commercialization strategy include the following:

         o        Self-Marketing  to  Specialty  Physicians  in  United  States.
                  Whenever  practical,  we plan to self market our products to a
                  targeted  audience  of key  physician  specialists,  including
                  Gastroenterologists  and  Obstetrician-Gynecologists,  through
                  the  establishment  of our own  sales  force.  We plan to seek
                  pharmaceutical partners to assist in the promotion of products
                  prescribed  by larger  physician  groups.  Cellegy  intends to
                  commercialize  Cellegesic,  if approved,  initially on our own
                  and subsequently through co-promotion agreements with partners
                  in the United States as the use of Cellegesic  expands

                                       6
<PAGE>

                  beyond the  specialists.  In most cases, we plan to outlicense
                  the overseas rights for products we develop.

         o        Acquisition of  Complementary  Products and Companies.  As was
                  done with the acquisitions of Vaxis  Therapeutics  Corporation
                  ("Vaxis")  in  Canada  in  November  2001,  of  Rectogesic(TM)
                  (nitroglycerin  ointment)  from Quay  Pharmaceuticals  Pty Ltd
                  ("Quay")  in  Australia  in June 2000 and of  Cellegesic  from
                  Neptune  Pharmaceuticals  ("Neptune")  in the United States in
                  December   1997,   we  intend  to  acquire   other   products,
                  technologies  or  companies  with  products  and  distribution
                  capabilities consistent with our commercial objectives.

         o        Manufacturing.  Cellegy has  manufacturing  arrangements  with
                  PendoPharm  Inc.,  ("PendoPharm")  an  FDA  approved  contract
                  manufacturing company based in Canada. PendoPharm,  previously
                  called  PanGeo and now an  affiliate  of  Pharmasciences,  has
                  successfully  manufactured Cellegesic,  Fortigel and Tostrelle
                  for our clinical trials and will be a commercial  manufacturer
                  for these products,  when approved. We are actively working to
                  validate a domestic contract manufacturer to serve as a second
                  manufacturing source for our product candidates.

         o        Distribution. Cellegy has entered into distribution agreements
                  for  Rectogesic  in New Zealand and South Korea.  We intend to
                  contract with additional  distributors in Asia and other major
                  overseas markets.

Research Programs

         Cellegy's  research  and  development  programs  focus on nitric  oxide
pharmacology and related treatments for anorectal and gastrointestinal diseases,
sexual dysfunction,  peripheral vascular disorders and cancer. The November 2001
acquisition  of  Vaxis,   now  Cellegy  Canada,   significantly   broadened  our
intellectual  property  and product  candidate  portfolio  for the  treatment of
female sexual dysfunction,  male erectile  dysfunction and has also expanded our
research  into  potential  oncology  treatments.  Cellegy  has  rights to future
discoveries,  technologies and products developed by Cellegy Canada. Most of the
current research programs are being conducted at Queen's University in Kingston,
Ontario or in our leased laboratories located at the University.

         The  expanded  expertise  in nitric  oxide  pharmacology  has led to an
understanding of the role of nitric oxide as a signaling molecule,  operating at
lower  concentrations than is normally required for vasodilators,  especially in
tissue under an  abnormally  vaso-spasmatic  or  vaso-constrictive  state.  This
discovery  presents various  potential  approaches to treat conditions caused by
vaso-constriction,  such as peripheral vascular insufficiency found in Raynaud's
disease,  male  erectile  dysfunction  and  selected  aspects  of female  sexual
dysfunction.  We plan to verify  and  validate  selected  potential  therapeutic
indications either in vivo animal testing or in pilot human studies.

         We have  also  been  investigating  the  role of  nitric  oxide  in the
development of chemo-resistance  and in attenuating cancer metastasis induced by
hypoxia (low oxygen),  a condition that commonly exists in various  difficult to
treat cancers. Results published in various peer-reviewed journals show that the
administration  of  nitric  oxide  donors,  like  nitroglycerin,  prevented  the
development of  chemo-resistance  to several  well-established  chemotherapeutic
agents such as 5-flurouracil  and  doxorubicin,  and the metastasis of prostate,
breast and other human cancer cell lines and in spheroid  cultures.  In addition
to these mechanistic studies,  Cellegy's collaborators at Queens University have
also  established  an in vivo tumor  model to test the effect of a nitric  oxide
donor in preventing the metastasis of existing tumors. A pilot human study using
topical   nitroglycerin   to   attenuate   the   progressive   increase  of  PSA
(prostate-specific  antigen,  a marker of biological failure in patients after a
prostectomy  procedure)  was  presented at the American  Urological  Association
annual meeting in the second quarter of 2003.

         Early  observations  by  Cellegy  Canada  scientists  showed  that  the
co-administration  of nitric oxide  releasing  agents  blocks  nociceptive  pain
response  triggered by PGE1 injection.  This concept is further supported by the
July 2002  publication of a pilot study in Journal of Gender  Specific  Medicine
reporting the efficacy of treating  vulvar pain and pain with sexual activity in
women with vulvodynia using 0.2% topical nitroglycerin ointment.  Cellegy is

                                       7
<PAGE>

now initiating a clinical study using topical  nitroglycerin  in treating vulvar
pain associated with vulvodynia and dyspareunia,  which we intend to complete in
2004.

Patents and Trade Secrets

         Cellegy  has 22  issued  United  States  patents,  more  than 60 issued
foreign patents, and over 80 pending patent applications  worldwide.  Two issued
United  States  patents  and  15  pending  patent  applications  relate  to  our
testosterone  gel  products  for males and  females.  Two issued  United  States
patents,  over 20  issued  foreign  patents,  and more  than 10  pending  patent
applications  relate to Cellegy's  Cellegesic  product for the treatment of anal
fissures  and other  anal  diseases.  While our  European  patent  covering  the
Cellegesic product was challenged and subsequently revoked during the opposition
proceedings in December 2003, Cellegy plans to file an appeal to the decision in
the next several  months.  Two issued United States  patents and over 25 pending
patent  applications  relate to possible  backup  compounds  for our  Cellegesic
product.  As part of Cellegy's  acquisition  of Cellegy  Canada,  Cellegy gained
rights to 5 issued United States  patents,  3 issued foreign  patents,  and more
than 40 pending patent  applications.  These patents and  applications  disclose
methods of treatment of peripheral vascular  conditions  including male erectile
dysfunction,  female sexual dysfunction, and Raynaud's disease, as well as other
conditions.  United  States and foreign  patent  applications  disclosing  novel
store-operated calcium influx (SOC) inhibitors and their use in the treatment of
various  disorders are pending or have  recently  published.  Additional  patent
applications  are being  prepared for filing that will cover methods or products
currently  under  development.  Corresponding  patent  applications  for most of
Cellegy's  issued  United  States  patents  have  been  filed  in  countries  of
importance to us located in major world markets,  including certain countries in
Europe, Australia, South Korea, Japan, Mexico and Canada.

         Our policy is to protect our technology by, among other things,  filing
patent applications for technology that we consider important to the development
of our  business.  We  intend  to  file  additional  patent  applications,  when
appropriate,  relating to our technology,  improvements to our technology and to
specific products that we develop. It is impossible to anticipate the breadth or
degree of  protection  that any such  patents  will  afford,  or  whether we can
meaningfully  protect our rights to our unpatented  trade secrets.  Cellegy also
relies upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how, and no assurance can be given
that  competitors  will  not  independently  develop  substantially   equivalent
proprietary  information and  techniques,  or otherwise gain access to our trade
secrets or disclose such  technology.  It is our policy to require our employees
to  execute  an  invention   assignment  and   confidentiality   agreement  upon
employment.  Our consultants are required to execute a confidentiality agreement
upon the  commencement of their  consultancy.  Each agreement  provides that all
confidential  information  developed or made known to the employee or consultant
during the course of employment or consultancy will be kept confidential and not
disclosed  to third  parties  except in specific  circumstances.  The  invention
assignment  generally  provides  that all  inventions  conceived by the employee
shall be the  exclusive  property of Cellegy.  In addition,  it is our policy to
require collaborators and potential  collaborators to enter into confidentiality
agreements.  There can be no  assurance,  however,  that these  agreements  will
provide  meaningful  protection of our trade secrets.  For additional  risks and
uncertainties  relating to our patents and intellectual  property,  particularly
the European  opposition to our  Cellegesic  patents,  see the discussion of our
patents and intellectual  property under the heading,  "Management's  Discussion
and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operation - Factors That May
Affect Future Operating Results."

Product and Company Acquisitions

         In November 2001,  Cellegy acquired Vaxis Therapeutics  Corporation,  a
private  Canadian  company for $4.1 million  primarily in Cellegy  common stock.
Vaxis,  subsequently  renamed  Cellegy  Canada,  is a wholly-owned  research and
development subsidiary with prominent scientists focusing in the areas of sexual
dysfunction,   peripheral   vascular   disorders,   cancer  and   nitric   oxide
pharmacology. This research supports our goals of expanding our product pipeline
and protecting our patents.

         In June 2000,  Cellegy  acquired  Quay  Pharmaceuticals,  an Australian
company  marketing  Rectogesic,  a  nitroglycerin  ointment  product  similar to
Cellegesic.  The acquisition cost totaled  $1,835,000,  consisting  primarily of
Cellegy common stock and warrants.  Cellegy continues to self-market  Rectogesic
in Australia through its wholly-owned Cellegy Australia subsidiary and currently
sells Rectogesic through distributors in New Zealand and South

                                       8
<PAGE>

Korea.  We plan to selectively  sell  Rectogesic  through  distributors in other
Pacific Rim countries and potentially in other major markets around the world.

         In December  1997,  Cellegy  acquired  patent and related  intellectual
property rights relating to Cellegesic from Neptune  Pharmaceuticals.  Under the
purchase agreement,  we issued 462,809 shares of common stock to Neptune in 1997
with a value of  $3,750,000.  The  agreement  calls for a series  of  additional
payments,  payable in shares of common  stock,  upon  successful  completion  of
various  milestones  tied to clinical  trial  results and  commercialization  of
Cellegesic  in domestic  and  foreign  markets.  Cellegy  has no future  product
royalty  obligations to Neptune in connection with potential  Cellegesic product
revenues.

Government Regulation

         FDA Requirements for Human Drugs. The research,  development,  testing,
manufacturing,  storage,  labeling, record keeping,  distribution,  advertising,
promotion and marketing of drug products are  extensively  regulated by numerous
governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United
States,  drugs are subject to rigorous FDA  regulation  pursuant to, among other
laws, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act or FD&C Act.

         The steps ordinarily  required before a new pharmaceutical  product may
be  marketed in the United  States  include:  (i)  preclinical  tests,  (ii) the
submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application,  or IND, which
must be approved  before human  clinical  trials  commence;  (iii)  adequate and
well-controlled  clinical  trials to  establish  the safety and  efficacy of the
product  for  its  proposed  indication;  (iv)  the  submission  of a  New  Drug
Application,  or NDA, for a new drug or a Product License  Application for a new
biologic  to the FDA;  and (v) FDA  review  and  approval  of the NDA or Product
License  Application  before any  commercial  sale or shipment  of the  product.
Preclinical  tests  include  laboratory  evaluation of product  formulation  and
animal  studies (if an  appropriate  animal  model is  available)  to assess the
potential safety and efficacy of the product.  Formulations must be manufactured
according  to  the  FDA's   current  Good   Manufacturing   Practice,   or  GMP,
requirements,  and  preclinical  safety tests must be conducted by  laboratories
that comply with FDA's Good Laboratory Practice regulations.

         The results of preclinical  testing are submitted to the FDA as part of
an IND and are reviewed by the FDA before commencement of human clinical trials.
Clinical  trials  may begin 30 days  after the IND is  received,  unless the FDA
raises  concerns or  questions  about the  conduct of the  clinical  trials.  If
concerns or questions  are raised,  the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any
outstanding  concerns  before  clinical  trials  can  proceed.  There  can be no
assurance that submission of an IND will result in FDA authorization to commence
clinical trials.  In some instances,  the IND application  process can result in
substantial  delay and expense.  Clinical  trials to support NDAs are  typically
conducted  in three  sequential  phases,  which may  overlap  and which  usually
require several years to complete.  A clinical trial may combine the elements of
more than one phase,  and often two or more Phase 3 studies  are  required.  The
FDA,  upon  request  through a Special  Protocol  Assessment,  can also  provide
specific written guidance on the  acceptability of protocol designs for selected
clinical trials.

         After successful completion of the required clinical testing, generally
an NDA is submitted.  FDA approval of the NDA (as  described  below) is required
before  marketing  may begin in the  United  States.  The FDA  reviews  all NDAs
submitted  and may request more  information  before it accepts the filing.  The
review  process is often extended  significantly  by FDA requests for additional
information  or  clarification.  The  FDA  may  refer  the  application  to  the
appropriate  advisory  committee,  typically a panel of clinicians,  for review,
evaluation  and a  recommendation  as  to  whether  the  application  should  be
approved.  The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory  committee.
During the review  process,  the FDA generally will conduct an inspection of the
relevant drug  manufacturing  facilities  and clinical  sites to ensure that the
facilities  are in  compliance  with  applicable  Good  Manufacturing  Practices
requirements.   If  FDA  evaluations  of  the  NDA  application,   manufacturing
facilities,  and  clinical  sites are  favorable,  the FDA may  issue  either an
approvable  letter  or a not  approvable  letter,  which  contains  a number  of
conditions  that must be met in order to secure approval of the NDA. When and if
those conditions have been met to the FDA's satisfaction,  the FDA will issue an
approvable  letter,  authorizing  commercial  marketing  of the drug for certain
specific  indications.  If  the  FDA's  evaluation  of  the  NDA  submission  or
manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA may refuse to approve the NDA
or issue a not approvable  letter,  outlining the deficiencies in the submission
and often  requiring  additional  testing or  information.  Notwithstanding  the
submission of any requested  additional  data or  information  in response to an
approvable or not  approvable  letter,  the FDA  ultimately  may decide that the
application does not satisfy the regulatory  criteria for approval.  Even if FDA
approval is

                                       9
<PAGE>

obtained,  a marketed drug product and its manufacturer are subject to continual
review and inspection,  and later discovery of previously  unknown problems with
the product or  manufacturer  may result in  restrictions  or  sanctions on such
product or manufacturer, including withdrawal of the product from the market.

         The  process  of   developing   and   obtaining   approval  for  a  new
pharmaceutical  product within this  regulatory  framework  requires a number of
years and the  expenditure of substantial  resources.  There can be no assurance
that necessary  approvals will be obtained on a timely basis,  if at all. Delays
in obtaining regulatory approvals could have a material adverse effect on us. If
we fail to comply with applicable  regulatory  requirements for marketing drugs,
we could be subject to  administrative  or judicially  imposed sanctions such as
warning  letters,  fines,  product  recalls  or  seizures,  injunctions  against
production,  distribution,  sales, or marketing,  delays in obtaining  marketing
authorizations  or the  refusal  of the  government  to  grant  such  approvals,
suspensions and withdrawals of previously granted approvals, civil penalties and
criminal prosecution of Cellegy, our officers or our employees.

         Manufacturing.  Each  domestic  drug  manufacturing  facility  must  be
registered with the FDA. Domestic drug manufacturing  establishments are subject
to  routine  inspection  by the FDA and other  regulatory  authorities  and must
comply  with GMP  requirements  and any  applicable  state  or local  regulatory
requirements.  Foreign manufacturing facilities are also subject to periodic FDA
inspections  or  inspections  by foreign  regulatory  authorities.  Among  other
things, the FDA may withhold approvals of NDA's or other product applications if
deficiencies are found at the facility. Vendors that supply us finished products
or components  used to  manufacture,  package and label  products are subject to
similar regulation and periodic inspection.  We have used and intend to continue
to  use  contract   manufacturers   that  operate  in  conformance   with  these
requirements  to produce our  compounds  and  finished  products  in  commercial
quantities.  We cannot assure you that manufacturing or quality control problems
will not arise at the manufacturing plants of our contract manufacturers or that
such manufacturers will have the financial  capabilities or management expertise
to be  able to  adequately  supply  product  or  maintain  compliance  with  the
regulatory requirements necessary to continue manufacturing our products.

         Foreign  Regulation  of Drugs.  Whether  or not FDA  approval  has been
obtained,  approval of a product by  comparable  regulatory  authorities  may be
necessary  in foreign  countries  before the  commencement  of  marketing of the
product in such countries.  The approval  procedures vary among  countries,  can
involve additional testing,  and the time required may differ from that required
for FDA approval.  Although there are some  procedures  for unified  filings for
certain European  countries,  in general each country has its own procedures and
requirements,  many of which are time  consuming and  expensive.  Under European
Union  regulatory   systems,  a  company  may  submit  marketing   authorization
applications  either  under  a  centralized  or  decentralized   procedure.  The
centralized   procedure,   which  is  available   for   medicines   produced  by
biotechnology or which are highly innovative, provides for the grant of a single
marketing  authorization  that is valid for European Union member  states.  This
authorization  is  called  a  marketing   authorization  approval  ("MAA").  The
decentralized  procedure  provides for mutual  recognition of national  approval
decisions.   Under  this   procedure,   the  holder  of  a  national   marketing
authorization  may submit an application to the remaining member states.  Within
90 days of receiving the  application and assessment  report,  each member state
must make their own determination regarding approval. This procedure is referred
to as the  mutual  recognition  procedure.  There can be  substantial  delays in
obtaining   required   approvals  from  both  the  FDA  and  foreign  regulatory
authorities  after  the  relevant  applications  are  filed.  We  expect to rely
principally   on   corporate   partners,   licensees   and   contract   research
organizations,  along with our  expertise,  to obtain  governmental  approval in
foreign countries of drug formulations utilizing our compounds.

         Other Government Regulation. In addition to regulations enforced by the
FDA,  Cellegy is also subject to regulation  under the  Occupational  Safety and
Health Act, the Environmental  Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act,
the Resource  Conservation  and Recovery Act and other similar federal and state
laws regarding, among other things, occupational safety, the use and handling of
radioisotopes,   environmental   protection  and  hazardous  substance  control.
Although we believe that we have complied with these laws and regulations in all
material  respects and have not been  required to take any action to correct any
noncompliance,  there can be no  assurance  that Cellegy will not be required to
incur  significant  costs to comply  with  environmental  and  health and safety
regulations in the future. Our research and development  involves the controlled
use of  hazardous  materials,  chemicals,  and  various  radioactive  compounds.
Although we believe that our safety  procedures  for  handling and  disposing of
such  materials  comply  with the  standards  prescribed  by state  and  federal
regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials
cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of such an accident, Cellegy could
be held liable for any damages that result and any such  liability  could exceed
our resources.

                                       10
<PAGE>

         Health Care Reform. In the United States,  there have been, and Cellegy
expects  there will  continue to be, a number of federal and state  proposals to
implement  cost  controls  and other  health care  regulatory  measures.  Future
legislation  could  result in a  substantial  restructuring  of the health  care
delivery  system.  While we cannot predict whether any legislative or regulatory
proposals will be adopted or the effect such proposals may have on our business,
the uncertainty of such proposals could have a negative effect on our ability to
raise capital and to identify and reach agreements with potential partners,  and
the adoption of such proposals could have an adverse effect on Cellegy.  In both
domestic and foreign markets,  sales of our therapeutic  products,  if any, will
depend in part on the  availability of reimbursement  from  third-party  payers.
There can be no assurance that our products will be considered cost effective or
that  reimbursement  will be  available.  We cannot  predict  the outcome of any
government or industry reform initiatives or the impact thereof on our financial
position or results of operations.

Competition

         The  pharmaceutical  industry is  characterized  by extensive  research
efforts and rapid and significant  technological changes. In the development and
marketing of topical  prescription  drugs,  Cellegy faces  intense  competition.
Cellegy  is much  smaller  in  terms  of size  and  resources  than  many of its
competitors in the United States and abroad, which include,  among others, major
pharmaceutical,   chemical,   consumer  product,  and  biotechnology  companies,
specialized  firms,  universities  and other  research  institutions.  Cellegy's
competitors may succeed in developing  technologies and products that are safer,
more  effective  or less  costly than any which are being  developed  by us that
would render our technology and potential products obsolete and  noncompetitive.
Many of these  competitors have  substantially  greater  financial and technical
resources,   clinical  production  and  marketing  capabilities  and  regulatory
experience than we have. In addition, Cellegy's products, if commercialized, are
subject  to  competition  from  existing  products.   Cellegesic,   which  is  a
prescription  product,  is expected to compete with  over-the-counter  products,
such as  Preparation  H  marketed  by  Wyeth,  and  various  other  prescription
products. Cellegy's Fortigel product, if commercialized,  is expected to compete
with  a  currently   marketed   transdermal   patch   product   sold  by  Watson
Pharmaceuticals,   two  transdermal   testosterone  gel  products   marketed  by
Unimed/Solvay  and  Auxilium  Pharmaceuticals  and a buccal  tablet  marketed by
Columbia Laboratories. As a result, we cannot assure you that Cellegy's products
under development will be able to compete successfully with existing products or
possible generic products under development by other organizations.

         Therapies for sexual  dysfunction and women's health products represent
a large market  opportunity,  especially as the overall population  continues to
age, and many large companies currently market and are developing a wide variety
of  products  in these  markets.  As the size of the market  continues  to grow,
competition will expand. The approval and marketing of competitive  products and
other products that treat the  indications  targeted by Cellegy could  adversely
affect the market  acceptance  of Cellegy's  products.  The presence of directly
competitive  products could also result in more intense price  competition  than
might otherwise exist, which could have a material adverse effect on Cellegy. We
believe  there  are  other   pharmaceutical   companies   that  are   developing
prescription   testosterone   replacement  products  for  women,  other  generic
manufacturers  developing  testosterone  replacement  products for men, and that
competition  will be intense for all of its female and male  sexual  dysfunction
product candidates.

Employees

         As of March 21, 2004,  we had seventeen  full-time and three  part-time
employees. Eleven of these employees,  including one M.D. and three Ph.D.'s, are
engaged in  clinical  research  and  development.  In  addition,  we utilize the
services of several professional consultants,  as well as contract manufacturing
and  clinical   research   organizations  to  supplement  our  internal  staff's
activities.  None of our employees  are  represented  by a labor union.  We have
experienced  no work  stoppages  and we believe that our employee  relations are
good.

Available Information

         We are  subject  to the  reporting  requirements  under the  Securities
Exchange  Act of  1934.  Consequently,  we are  required  to  file  reports  and
information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including reports
on the following forms:  annual report on Form 10-K,  quarterly  reports on Form
10-Q,  current  reports on Form 8-K, and  amendments  to those  reports filed or
furnished  pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934. These reports and other  information  concerning us may be obtained at the
SEC's Public Reference Room at

                                       11
<PAGE>

450 Fifth Street,  N.W.,  Washington,  D.C. 20549 or accessed  through the SEC's
website at  http://www.sec.gov.  The SEC's Public Reference Room phone number is
1-800-SEC-0330.  In  addition,  electronic  copies of our annual  report on Form
10-K,  quarterly  reports  on  Form  10-Q,  current  reports  on Form  8-K,  and
amendments  to those  reports  filed or furnished  pursuant to Section  13(a) or
15(d)  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934  are  posted  to our  website
(www.cellegy.com).  Such filings are placed on our website as soon as reasonably
possible after they are filed with the SEC.


ITEM 2: PROPERTIES

         Cellegy  currently  leases 65,340 square feet of space located in South
San  Francisco,   California  with  an  estimated  total  2004  rental  cost  of
approximately  $109,000 per month or $1,311,000 for 2004.  Approximately  49,920
square feet of this space is currently  subleased  to one tenant with  estimated
2004  offsetting  total  rental  income of  approximately  $98,000  per month or
$1,176,000 for 2004. We believe our current  facilities will be adequate for our
needs for expansion for the foreseeable future.


ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         Except as described below, Cellegy is not a party to any material legal
proceedings.

         In December 2002,  Cellegy entered into an exclusive  license agreement
with PDI, Inc.  ("PDI") to  commercialize  Fortigel in North  American  markets.
Under  the  terms  of the  agreement,  PDI's  Pharmaceutical  Products  Group is
responsible for the marketing and sale of Fortigel,  if approved,  utilizing its
existing sales and marketing infrastructure. Cellegy received a payment of $15.0
million  upon  signing  the  agreement  and is  entitled  to receive a milestone
payment on FDA approval and  royalties  following a successful  product  launch.
Cellegy is responsible for supplying  finished product to PDI through  Cellegy's
contract manufacturer.  In July 2003, the FDA issued a Not Approvable letter for
our  Fortigel  NDA.  In  October  2003,  Cellegy  announced  that it  received a
mediation  notice from PDI.  The dispute  resolution  provisions  of the license
agreement require non-binding mediation before either party may initiate further
legal  proceedings.  The  communication  asserted several claims relating to the
agreement, including Cellegy's breach of several provisions of the agreement and
failure to disclose  relevant  facts,  and PDI claimed  several kinds of alleged
damages,  including  return of the initial  license fee that PDI paid to Cellegy
when the agreement was signed. The parties  subsequently  conducted mediation as
contemplated by the agreement but did not reach any resolution of the claims.

         In December 2003, Cellegy and PDI then both initiated legal proceedings
against  each other  relating  to the  agreement.  Cellegy  filed a  declaratory
judgment action in federal district court in San Francisco  against PDI, and PDI
initiated an action in federal  district court in New York against  Cellegy.  In
its action,  Cellegy seeks,  among other things, a declaration that it has fully
complied  with the license  agreement  and that PDI's claims are without  merit.
There can be no  assurances  regarding  the  outcome of either  proceeding.  The
Company  could be  required  to devote  significant  time and  resources  to the
proceedings,  and an adverse outcome could have a material adverse impact on our
business and financial position.


ITEM 4: SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No matters  were  submitted  to a vote of our  shareholders  during the
fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2003.

ITEM 4A: EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

K. Michael Forrest           60      President and Chief Executive Officer,
                                     Director
John J. Chandler             62      Vice President, Corporate Development
A. Richard Juelis            55      Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial
                                     Officer
David A. Karlin, M.D.        60      Vice President, Clinical Research

         K. Michael Forrest. Mr. Forrest has been President, CEO, and a director
since December 1996. He also held the position of the Chairman of the Board from
May 2000 to November  2003.  From January 1996 to November

                                       12
<PAGE>

1996, he served as a  biotechnology  consultant.  From November 1994 to December
1995,  he  served  as  President  and  CEO  of  Mercator  Genetics,   a  private
biotechnology  company. From March 1991 to June 1994, he served as President and
CEO of Transkaryotic Therapies,  Inc., a public biotechnology company. From 1968
to 1991,  Mr.  Forrest held a series of positions  with Pfizer,  Inc. and senior
management positions with American Cyanamid, including Vice President of Lederle
U.S.  and Lederle  International.  He is a director of INEX  Pharmaceuticals,  a
public  company  developing  anti-cancer  products.  Mr. Forrest holds a B.S. in
Business  Administration  from Georgetown  University,  with  concentrations  in
Marketing, Finance and Economics.

         John  J.  Chandler.  Mr.  Chandler  became  Vice  President,  Corporate
Development  in May 1998.  From  January  1995 to March 1998,  he served as Vice
President, Europe for the Medical Device Division of American Home Products, now
Wyeth. During 1994, he was Area Director,  Europe/Latin  America for Wyeth. From
1968 to 1993, he held a series of  management  and senior  management  positions
with American Cyanamid  Company.  Mr. Chandler holds an M.B.A. in Marketing from
Seton Hall  University and a B.S. in Biology from the Queens College of the City
University of New York.

         A. Richard Juelis. Mr. Juelis became Vice President,  Finance and Chief
Financial  Officer in November  1994.  From October  1990 to  September  1994 he
served as Vice  President,  Finance  and Chief  Financial  Officer for two other
publicly-traded  biotechnology  companies. Mr. Juelis has also held domestic and
international  financial and general  management  positions for seven years each
with  Hoffmann-LaRoche  and  Schering-Plough.  He holds a B.S. in Chemistry from
Fordham University and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.

         David A. Karlin,  M.D. Dr.  Karlin  joined  Cellegy as Vice  President,
Clinical Research in October 2002. From February 2002 to July 2002, he served as
Vice  President,  Clinical  Development  for  Genteric,  Inc., a privately  held
company  specializing  in gene therapy.  From August 1999 to October  2001,  Dr.
Karlin was Senior Medical Director at Matrix Pharmaceuticals,  a cancer and drug
delivery  company.  He  was  Vice  President,   Clinical  Research  at  SciClone
Pharmaceuticals  from 1995 to 1999.  Prior to SciClone,  Dr. Karlin held various
positions at Syntex  Corporation  over a nine-year  period.  Before  joining the
pharmaceutical  industry,  Dr.  Karlin  was an  Associate  Professor  at  Temple
University School of Medicine and an Assistant  Professor at University of Texas
M.D.  Anderson  Hospital  and  Tumor  Institute.  He  was an  instructor  at the
University  of  Chicago,   where  he  received  his  medical  degree,   and  had
Gastroenterology and Gastrointestinal Oncology training at that University.

         Executive  officers  are chosen by and serve at the  discretion  of the
Board of Directors, subject to any written employment agreements with Cellegy.


                                     PART II

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Price Range of Common Stock

         Cellegy's  common  stock  currently  trades on The Nasdaq  Stock Market
under the symbol  "CLGY." The  following  table sets forth the range of high and
low sales prices for the common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market for
the periods indicated below.

2002                                                       High            Low
----                                                       ----            ---
First Quarter........................................    $ 8.80         $  5.15
Second Quarter.......................................      6.90            2.02
Third Quarter........................................      2.44            1.66
Fourth Quarter.......................................      4.35            1.50

2003
----
First Quarter........................................    $ 5.60         $  3.71
Second Quarter.......................................      5.54            3.81
Third Quarter........................................      5.22            2.25
Fourth Quarter.......................................      3.20            2.45

                                       13
<PAGE>

Holders

         As of March 21, 2004,  there were  approximately  450  shareholders  of
record excluding beneficial holders of stock held in street name.

Dividend Policy

         We have never paid cash or declared  dividends on our common stock.  We
do not anticipate that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable  future. We currently intend to retain our earnings,  if any,
for future growth. Future dividends on our common stock or other securities,  if
any,  will be at the  discretion  of our board of directors  and will depend on,
among other things, our operations,  capital  requirements and surplus,  general
financial  condition,  contractual  restrictions  and such other  factors as our
board of directors may deem relevant.

         Information with respect to equity compensation  plans,  including both
stockholder  approved plans and  non-stockholder  approved plans, is included in
Item 12.


ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The  following  unaudited  selected  historical  information  has  been
derived from audited consolidated financial statements of Cellegy. The financial
information  as of December 31, 2003 and 2002 and for each of the three years in
the period ended  December  31, 2003 are derived  from our audited  consolidated
financial  statements  included  elsewhere  in this  Form  10-K.  The  financial
statements,  related  Notes  thereto,  and the  section  entitled  "Management's
Discussion  and  Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and  Results of  Operations"
included elsewhere in this Form 10-K should be read carefully.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Years ended December 31,
                                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------
Statements of Operations Data:                                       2003          2002          2001          2000          1999
(In thousands, except per share data)                              --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
                                                                                (Restated)
<S>                                                                <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Revenues .....................................................     $  1,620      $  1,402      $    877      $  1,586      $  1,045

Costs and expenses (1) .......................................       15,512        17,163        21,847        13,573        10,847
                                                                   --------      --------      --------      --------      --------

Operating loss ...............................................      (13,892)      (15,761)      (20,970)      (11,987)       (9,802)

Other income (expense) .......................................          360           520         1,505           569           501
                                                                   --------      --------      --------      --------      --------

Net loss .....................................................     $(13,532)     $(15,241)     $(19,465)     $(11,418)     $ (9,301)
                                                                   --------      --------      --------      --------      --------

Basic and diluted net loss per common
share ........................................................     $  (0.68)     $  (0.86)     $  (1.26)     $  (0.91)     $  (0.85)
                                                                   ========      ========      ========      ========      ========

Weighted average common shares used in computing basic
and diluted net loss per common share
                                                                     19,964        17,643        15,503        12,542        10,914
</TABLE>

                                       14
<PAGE>

(1) For the year ended  December  31,  2003,  Cellegy  recorded  total  non-cash
compensation of $579,000  associated  primarily with the modification of certain
stock options and bonuses paid in stock.

For the year ended December 31, 2002,  Cellegy  recorded net non-cash credits of
$504,000 of which non-cash  compensation  expense totaled  $322,000.  These were
more than offset by a non-cash credit of $826,000 relating to the termination of
the Ventiv  Health  marketing and sales  agreement  for  Cellegesic in the third
quarter of 2002.

During the year ended December 31, 2001, we recorded  non-cash  charges totaling
$4,257,000,  consisting of $3,507,000  for in-process  research and  development
associated with the Vaxis  acquisition and $750,000 in non-cash  charges for two
milestones paid in Cellegy stock to Neptune Pharmaceuticals.

Data for 2002 has been adjusted in a Form 10-K/A filing in March 2004 to reflect
the Company's  adjustment to the accounting  treatment  associated  with certain
employee  and  director  stock  options  that had been  cancelled  in the fourth
quarter of 2002.  See also Note 13 to the Financial  Statements.  The adjustment
reversed $695,000 of non-cash expense previously  recorded in the fourth quarter
of 2002 related to the intrinsic value of the vested options.

Quarterly Statements of Operations Data (unaudited):
(in thousands,  except for per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  2003 (2)
                                       ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               First                   Second                 Third            Fourth
                                              Quarter                  Quarter                Quarter          Quarter      Total
                                       ---------------------   ---------------------   ---------------------  ----------  ----------
                                     (Previously             (Previously             (Previously
                                       reported)  (Restated)   reported)  (Restated)   reported)  (Restated)
                                       ---------  ----------   ---------  ----------   ---------  ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                    <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenues ...........................   $    392    $    392    $    263    $    263    $    414    $    414    $    551    $  1,620
Operating loss .....................     (2,636)     (3,284)     (4,769)     (4,352)     (1,974)     (2,676)     (3,580)    (13,892)
Net loss ...........................     (3,132)     (3,113)     (4,582)     (4,165)     (1,968)     (2,670)     (3,584)    (13,532)
Basic and diluted net loss
per common share ...................   $  (0.16)   $  (0.16)   $  (0.23)   $  (0.21)   $  (0.10)   $  (0.13)   $  (0.18)   $  (0.68)
</TABLE>

(2) Quarterly  financial  data for 2003 has been adjusted in amended Form 10-Q/A
filings in March 2004.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              2002
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 First         Second          Third         Fourth
                                                                Quarter        Quarter        Quarter       Quarter(3)       Total
                                                               --------       --------       --------       ---------      --------
<S>                                                            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Revenues ................................................      $    267       $    150       $    145       $    840       $  1,402
Operating loss ..........................................        (4,642)        (5,753)        (1,756)        (3,610)       (15,761)
Net loss ................................................        (4,387)        (5,624)        (1,623)        (3,607)       (15,241)
Basic and diluted net loss per common share .............      $  (0.25)      $  (0.32)      $  (0.09)      $  (0.20)      $  (0.86)
</TABLE>

(3) The  financial  data for the fourth  quarter of 2002 has been adjusted in an
amended Form 10-K/A filing in March 2004.  The adjustment  reversed  $695,000 of
non-cash  expense  previously  recorded in the fourth quarter of 2002.


                                       15
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data:                                                  2003          2002          2001          2000          1999
(In thousands)                                                     --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
<S>                                                                <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
                                                                                (Restated)
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments(4) ...     $ 11,564      $ 23,858      $ 17,190      $ 15,923      $ 16,737

Total assets .................................................       15,331        28,379        22,367        21,259        20,913

Long term portion of deferred revenue ........................       13,335        14,168          --            --            --

Deficit accumulated during the development stage (5) .........      (99,149)      (85,617)      (70,377)      (50,912)      (39,494)

Total shareholders' equity  (deficit) ........................     $ (1,580)     $ 10,534      $ 19,845      $ 18,794      $ 15,839
</TABLE>


(4) Includes restricted cash of $227,500 in 2003 and 2002, and $614,000 in 2001.

(5) The  financial  data for 2002 has been  adjusted in a Form 10-K/A  filing in
March 2004. The adjustment reduced the accumulated deficit by $695,000.


ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

         This Annual Report  includes  forward-looking  statements  that involve
substantial risks and uncertainties.  These  forward-looking  statements are not
historical  facts,  but  are  based  on  current  expectations,   estimates  and
projections about our industry,  our beliefs and our assumptions.  Words such as
"believes,"  "anticipates,"  "expects,"  "intends" and similar  expressions  are
intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means
of  identifying  such  statements.  These  forward-looking  statements  are  not
guarantees of future  performance  and concern  matters that could  subsequently
differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Actual
events or results may also differ materially from those discussed in this Annual
Report.  These risks and uncertainties  include those described in "Management's
Discussion  and  Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and Results of  Operations -
Factors That May Affect Future  Operating  Results" and elsewhere in this Annual
Report.  Except as required by law, we  undertake  no  obligation  to revise any
forward-looking  statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may
arise after the date of this Annual Report.

         Cellegy    Pharmaceuticals    is   a   development    stage   specialty
biopharmaceutical  company that develops and  commercializes  prescription drugs
targeting  primarily  gastrointestinal  conditions and sexual  dysfunction using
proprietary topical formulations and nitric oxide donor technologies. In January
2004,  Cellegy reported  positive  results from a confirmatory  Phase 3 clinical
trial using Cellegesic(TM) (nitroglycerin ointment) for the treatment of chronic
anal fissure pain. We now plan to submit an NDA to the FDA in the second quarter
of this year. We are also developing  other  prescription  drugs,  including two
transdermal  testosterone  gel  products:  Fortigel  for the  treatment  of male
hypogonadism and Tostrelle for the treatment of sexual dysfunction in menopausal
women.

         The  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  as of and for the year  ended
December 31, 2002 included in this Form 10-K have been restated.  For additional
information  regarding  the  restatement,   please  refer  to  Note  13  to  the
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included  in this  Item 8.  All  applicable
financial information presented in this Item 7 takes into account the effects of
the restatement described in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       16
<PAGE>

General

         In November 2001, we acquired a private  Canadian based company,  Vaxis
Therapeutics,  valued at $4.1  million.  The purchase  was payable  primarily in
shares of Cellegy  stock with the  purchase  price  allocated  to: net  tangible
assets of $250,000,  intangible  assets of $350,000 and $3,507,000 of in-process
research and  development.  The intangibles of $350,000 are being amortized over
five years and the  in-process  research  and  development  was  expensed in the
fourth quarter of 2001. The results of operations of Cellegy Canada are included
in our consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date.

         In September 2002, Cellegy and Ventiv Health,  Inc., a leading contract
sales organization,  terminated their services and funding Agreements related to
Cellegesic  based on the delay in  commercialization  of  Cellegesic  due to the
withdrawal of the NDA and Cellegy's subsequent decision to conduct another Phase
3 trial.  Cellegy and Ventiv  originally  signed a six-year  Agreement in August
2001 to collaboratively  commercialize  Cellegesic in the United States.  Ventiv
was to  have  delivered  integrated  marketing  and  sales  solutions  providing
pre-launch support,  recruiting and training a sales force which would have been
jointly managed by both companies.

         In  November  2002,  we  completed a private  placement  of 2.2 million
shares of our common  stock  resulting  in  approximately  $5.5 million of gross
proceeds to Cellegy. The financing was with a single investor,  John M. Gregory,
founder and former CEO of King Pharmaceuticals and currently managing partner of
SJ Strategic  Investments  LLC. Along with shares  acquired in other open market
purchases SJ Strategic  Investments currently owns 5,828,993 shares or about 29%
of Cellegy's outstanding shares.

         In January 2004,  Cellegy entered into a Structured  Secondary Offering
("SSO")  facility  agreement  with  Kingsbridge  Capital  Limited.  The facility
requires  Kingsbridge  to purchase  up to 3.74  million  shares of newly  issued
common stock at times and in amounts  selected by Cellegy over a period of up to
two years, subject to certain restrictions.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

         Use of Estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial statements,
in  conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the United
States,  requires management to make estimates,  judgements and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the financial  statements and accompanying notes.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.  We have identified below some
of our more  significant  accounting  policies.  For further  discussion  of our
accounting  policies,  see  Note  1  in  the  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

         Revenue Recognition.  Revenues related to cost reimbursement provisions
under  development  contracts are  recognized as the costs  associated  with the
projects  are   incurred.   Revenues   related  to   substantive   and  at  risk
non-refundable  milestones specified under development  contracts are recognized
as the milestones are achieved.  Cellegy has received certain  government grants
that  support our research  effort in defined  research  projects.  These grants
generally provide for reimbursement of approved costs incurred as defined in the
various  grants.  Revenues  associated with these grants are recognized as costs
under each grant are incurred.  Revenues related to product sales are recognized
upon shipment when title to the goods and risk of loss have been  transferred to
the customer. There is no right of return for our skin care product sales.

         Up-front payments,  such as the $15.0 million payment received from PDI
for the Fortigel license,  are recorded as deferred revenue at the time the cash
is received. Amounts are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the
longer of the life of the contract or the service period.  Royalties  payable to
Cellegy  under the PDI License  Agreement  will be recognized as earned when the
royalties are no longer  refundable to PDI under certain  minimum  royalty terms
defined in the agreement.

         Long-Lived  and  Intangible  Assets and  Goodwill.  Goodwill  and other
intangible  assets  are  included  in  our  December  31,  2003  balance  sheet.
Management  reviews  goodwill  for  impairment  either  on an  annual  basis  or
quarterly if an event occurs that might reduce the fair value of the  long-lived
asset below its carrying value. All other  long-lived and intangible  assets are
reviewed for  impairment  whenever  events or  circumstances  indicate  that the

                                       17
<PAGE>

carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be
recognized  based on the difference  between the carrying value of the asset and
its estimated fair value,  which would be determined based on either  discounted
future cash flows or other  appropriate  fair value  methods.  The evaluation of
goodwill  and  other  intangibles  for  impairment  requires  management  to use
significant  judgments and estimates  including,  but not limited to,  projected
future revenue, operating results and cash flows.

         Although  management  currently believes that the estimates used in the
evaluation of goodwill and other intangibles are reasonable, differences between
actual and expected  revenue,  operating results and cash flow could cause these
assets to be deemed impaired.  Based on management's analysis, no impairment was
deemed to have occurred  through  December 31, 2003.  If an  impairment  were to
occur,  Cellegy would be required to charge to earnings the  write-down in value
of such  assets,  which could have a material  adverse  effect on our results of
operations and financial position.

         Clinical  Trial  Expenses.  Clinical  trial  expenses  are  payable  to
clinical sites and clinical research  organizations.  Expenses for both of these
groups are accrued based on actual activity including such factors as the number
of subjects  enrolled and number of subjects that have  completed  treatment for
each  trial.  A monthly  reconciliation  of costs  accrued to cost  incurred  is
performed by Cellegy's clinical project managers and the finance department.

         Investment Policy.  Cellegy is subject to certain credit risks from our
investment in marketable securities.  By policy, we restrict amounts invested by
investment type and by issuer, except for securities issued by the United States
government.  Cellegy  has an  investment  policy that has been  approved  and is
periodically reviewed by our Audit Committee. The policy states that investments
must be highly liquid with maturities of less than three years. Cellegy's policy
limits  investments  to the following:  direct  obligations of the United States
Government or fully  guaranteed by a government  agency or by any of the states.
Non-government  investments  must  have a rating of A1/P1 or A by  Standard  and
Poors (or an equivalent  rating);  money market  instruments must be a member of
the  Federal  Reserve  System  with a net worth of at least $100  million  and a
rating of A1/AA by Standard and Poors (or equivalent rating).

Results of Operations

Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001

         Revenues.  Cellegy had revenues of $1,620,000,  $1,402,000 and $877,000
in 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.  Revenues in 2003 consisted of $385,000 in
Australian  Rectogesic  ointment sales,  $67,000 in initial  Rectogesic sales in
South Korea,  $316,000 in skin care product  sales to Gryphon  Development,  the
product  development  arm of a major  specialty  retailer,  $19,000 in  Canadian
government  grants and $833,000 in licensing  revenue for Fortigel.  Revenues in
2002 consisted of $275,000 in Australian Rectogesic sales, $1,081,000 in product
sales primarily to Gryphon and $46,000 in Canadian  government grants.  Revenues
in 2001 were comprised of $217,000 in Australian  Rectogesic  sales and $660,000
in Gryphon sales.

         Rectogesic  revenues in Australia  increased 40% in 2003, compared with
2002  following a 27% year over year increase in 2002  compared  with 2001.  The
Company  believes it has the  potential  to  continue  to gain market  share and
increase  revenues in the future.  Rectogesic was launched in the fourth quarter
of 2003 in South Korea. We are not yet able to assess the market  acceptance and
revenue  potential  in South  Korea.  Skin  Care  moisturizer  sales to  Gryphon
decreased by $765,000 or about 71% in 2003,  compared  with 2002.  Gryphon sales
will likely  continue to  fluctuate  from  period to period  depending  on their
seasonal  ordering  patterns.  We do not now expect  any  Gryphon  sales  orders
through,  at least,  the first quarter of 2004. In 2003,  Cellegy recorded total
licensing  revenue of $833,000 from PDI, with about $208,000 realized in each of
the  four  quarters  of 2003  reflecting  the  amortization  over  the  expected
commercial  life of Fortigel of the initial $15.0  million  received from PDI on
the  agreement  date in December  2002.  The  Company  expects the balance to be
recorded as licensing revenue at the same quarterly rate in subsequent  periods.
See also Item 3: "Legal Proceedings."

         Research and Development  Expenses.  Research and development  expenses
were  $10,558,000 in 2003,  compared with $10,403,000 in 2002 and $14,098,000 in
2001. Total research and development  expenses,  which are

                                       18
<PAGE>

primarily  related  to the costs of  clinical  trials  and  regulatory  filings,
represented  69%, 62% and 65% of our total operating  expenses in 2003, 2002 and
2001,  respectively.  Total research and development  expenses in 2003, compared
with 2002,  increased  by $155,000 or about 2%. The increase was due to clinical
expenses  relating  to the  completion  of a third Phase 3  Cellegesic  clinical
trial,  primarily  in the  second  half of 2003,  as well as the  write  down of
certain tenant improvements in our South San Francisco facility.  These expenses
were partially offset by Fortigel Phase 3 clinical trial costs and FDA user fees
associated with the Fortigel NDA filing in 2002.  Total research and development
expenses in 2002, compared with 2001,  decreased by $3,695,000 or about 26%. The
decrease was due to higher spending levels  associated with a second  Cellegesic
Phase 3 clinical trial and other clinical trials in 2001 and non-cash charges of
$750,000  relating to  Cellegesic  milestone  payments  made in stock to Neptune
Pharmaceuticals  in 2001.  In  addition,  during  the  second  half of 2002,  we
eliminated our domestic  research  operations and reduced our research staff. We
have continued to operate at these reduced staffing levels through 2003.

         Current research and development expenses consist primarily of internal
salaries and  allocated  costs as well as external  clinical  costs,  including:
clinical site payments,  costs of  manufacturing,  testing and shipping clinical
supplies  and service  fees to clinical  research  organizations  ("CROs")  that
monitor the clinical  sites and perform other  related  trial support  services.
Additionally,  research expenses consist of regulatory costs, including the cost
of filing product approval  applications around the world,  particularly NDAs in
the United States,  and the costs of various  functional  consultants to support
the filings.  We expect our clinical  trial and  regulatory  filing  expenses to
continue to constitute the majority of our operating expenses in 2004. Excluding
non-cash compensation  expenses, we anticipate that our research and development
expenses will decline during the first half of 2004 and increase thereafter with
total 2004 clinical and regulatory expenses at about the 2003 level.  Additional
increases in clinical trial and regulatory  filing expenses may occur if the FDA
requires  extensive  additional  clinical trials to support  Fortigel  marketing
approval.

         Selling,  General and  Administrative  Expenses.  Selling,  general and
administrative  expenses were  $4,768,000 in 2003,  compared with  $6,390,000 in
2002, and $4,042,000 in 2001. Total selling, general and administrative expenses
in 2003  decreased by  $1,622,000  or about 25%,  compared with 2002 and were in
turn $2,348,000 higher in 2002, compared with 2001. The higher spending level in
2002,  compared  with both 2003 and 2001,  resulted  primarily  from  Cellegesic
pre-launch sales and marketing expenses of $2,094,000 in the first half of 2002.
In addition,  we incurred  certain  higher  non-cash  compensation  expenses and
investment banking fees in 2002.

         Our  selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  are  expected to
increase  in the  later  half of 2004 in  support  of our  business  development
programs  and  product  commercialization  efforts  for  Cellegesic,  assuming a
favorable  response from the FDA on the  Cellegesic  NDA that we plan to file in
the second quarter of 2004.

         Non-cash  Charges and Credits.  Operating  expenses for 2003,  2002 and
2001 were impacted by various non-cash charges and credits. Some of the non cash
compensation charges are subject to periodic  remeasurements and ongoing charges
and credits are expected to vary in subsequent quarters.

         Acquired-In-Process   Research   and   Development.   There   were   no
acquired-in-process  research  and  development  expenses  for  2003  and  2002.
Acquired-in-process   research  and  development  expenses  of  $3,507,000  were
incurred during 2001 as a result of the Vaxis acquisition.

         Other  Income  (Expense).  Cellegy  recognized a net interest and other
income of $360,000  for 2003,  compared  with net  interest  and other income of
$521,000 and  $1,505,000 for 2002 and 2001,  respectively.  The net interest and
other  income in 2003  consisted  of $212,000  in interest  income from cash and
investments  and  $148,000 in rental and other  income.  In 2002,  other  income
consisted  primarily of $342,000 in interest  income from cash and  investments,
$119,000  in rental  income  and a gain of  $87,000  from  disposal  of  certain
laboratory  equipment,  offset by interest  expense of $27,000.  In 2001,  other
income was comprised of $635,000 in interest  income on cash and investments and
$897,000 in rental income, offset by interest expense of $27,000.  Reductions in
interest  income over the last three years were due to lower average  investment
balances and interest rates. Interest expenses for 2002 and 2001 were related to
the Ventiv loan and a commercial bank loan,  respectively.  Cellegy  incurred no
interest expense in 2003.

         Net Loss. The net loss in 2003 was $13,532,000 or $0.68 per share based
on 19,964,000 weighted average shares  outstanding,  compared with a net loss in
2002 of  $15,241,000  or $0.86 per share based on  17,643,000  weighted  average
shares  outstanding,  and a net loss in 2001 of  $19,465,000  or $1.26 per share
based on 15,503,000 weighted average shares outstanding.

                                       19
<PAGE>

Liquidity and Capital Resources

         We have  experienced  net losses  from  operations  each year since our
inception.  Through December 31, 2003, we had incurred an accumulated deficit of
$99.1 million and had consumed cash from operations of $65.6 million.  Cash from
equity  financing  transactions  have included $6.4 million in net proceeds from
our initial public  offering in August 1995, $6.8 million in net proceeds from a
preferred  stock  financing in April 1996,  $3.8 million in net proceeds  from a
private  placement of common stock in July 1997,  $13.8  million in net proceeds
from a follow-on public offering in November 1997, $10.0 million in net proceeds
from a private  placement in July 1999,  $11.6  million in net  proceeds  from a
private  placement in October 2000, $15.2 million in net proceeds from a private
placement in June 2001 and $5.2 million in net proceeds from a private placement
in November 2002.

         Our  cash,  restricted  cash and  investments  were  $11.6  million  at
December  31, 2003  compared  with $23.9  million at December 31, 2002 and $17.2
million at December 31, 2001,  including $227,000 of restricted cash in 2003 and
2002 and $614,000 of restricted  cash,  at year end 2001.  The increase in cash,
restricted  cash and  investments of $6.7 million in 2002 was principally due to
the net proceeds from the $5.2 million financing completed in November and $15.0
million in payments from the licensing agreement with PDI in December, partially
offset by other net cash used in operating  activities  of  approximately  $13.5
million.  Cash,  restricted cash and  investments  decreased by $12.3 million in
2003  principally  due to cash used in support of operating  activities of $12.5
million. The Company did not complete any financings in 2003.

         During  the  fourth  quarter  of 2003  our  cash,  restricted  cash and
investment balance declined by $2.9 million. This is in line with Cellegy's goal
to preserve cash and focus on key clinical and product development  programs. We
expect  our cash use for the first  quarter of 2004 to be at  approximately  the
same monthly level as in the fourth quarter of 2003.  Our cash needs  throughout
the rest of 2004 are expected to decrease  due to a reduction in clinical  trial
activity  followed by an increase in cash use in 2005.  Future  expenditures and
capital  requirements depend on numerous factors including,  without limitation,
the progress and focus of our research and  development  programs,  the progress
and results of pre-clinical and clinical testing, the time and costs involved in
obtaining  regulatory  approvals,  the progress  and outcome of the  Cellegy/PDI
litigations,  the costs of filing,  prosecuting,  defending and enforcing patent
claims,  oppositions  and appeals,  our ability to establish  new  collaborative
arrangement  and the  initiation  of  commercialization  activities  and working
capital increases associated with the scale up and manufacture of Cellegesic.

         At December 31, 2003, the Company had a deficit  accumulated during the
development stage of $99.1 million.  The Company expects negative cash flow from
operations  to  continue  for at  least  the next  two  years,  with the need to
continue or expand their development programs and to commercialize products once
regulatory  approvals have been obtained.  Management believes that its existing
cash balances  will be  sufficient  to meet the Company's  capital and operating
requirements through December 31, 2004.

         However,  expenditures  required  to achieve the  Company's  growth and
profitability  in the long term may be greater  than  projected or the cash flow
generated from operations may be less than projected. As a result, the Company's
long-term  capital  needs may require  the Company to seek to obtain  additional
funds through equity or debt financing, collaborative or other arrangements with
other  companies,  bank financing and other  sources.  There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain  additional debt or equity  financing on
terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. If adequate funds are not available,
the Company  could be  required to delay  development  or  commercialization  of
certain  products,  to license  to third  parties  the  rights to  commercialize
certain  products  that  the  Company  would  otherwise  seek  to  commercialize
internally, or to reduce resources devoted to product development.  Accordingly,
the failure of the Company to obtain  sufficient  funds on acceptable terms when
needed could have a material adverse effect on the Company's  ability to achieve
its longer term business objectives.

         In the fourth  quarter of 1998,  we entered  into a ten-year  operating
lease commitment on our facility with our current landlord.  Our operating lease
commitments are $1,337,000 for 2004 and $5,700,000  thereafter in annual amounts
of approximately  $1.3 to $1.5 million.  Information about this commitment as of
December 31, 2003 is presented in the table below (in thousands):

  Contractual
  Obligations               Total     2004     2005     2006     2007     2008
                            ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Operating lease             $7,037   $1,337   $1,377   $1,415   $1,433   $1,475


         We sublease a portion of our  facility and receive  rental  income from
our sublease.  Future sublease income is  approximately  $1,176,000 for 2004 and
$4,843,000 thereafter in annual amounts of approximately $1.0 to $1.3 million.

         In January 2004,  Cellegy entered into a Structured  Secondary Offering
("SSO")  facility  agreement  with  Kingsbridge  Capital  Limited.  The facility
requires  Kingsbridge  to purchase  up to 3.74  million  shares of newly  issued
common stock at times and in amounts  selected by Cellegy over a period of up to
two years, subject to certain restrictions. Cellegy may begin to draw down funds
after the effectiveness of a registration  statement that the Company intends to
file with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission.  The dollar amount of stock
that  Cellegy may  require  Kingsbridge  to purchase  will depend in part on the
market price of the common stock at the time that the registration  statement is
filed and that shares are sold.  The  agreement  does not prohibit  Cellegy from
conducting  additional  debt  or  equity  financings,   including  PIPEs,  shelf
offerings,   secondary  offerings  or  any  other  non-fixed  or  future  priced
securities.  The  timing  and  amount of any draw  downs are at  Cellegy's  sole
discretion,  subject to certain  timing  conditions,  and are limited to certain
maximum amounts  depending in part on the then current market  capitalization of
the Company.  Kingsbridge  is not obligated to purchase  shares at market prices
below  $1.25 per  share.  The  purchase  price of the  common  stock  will be at
discounts ranging from 8% to 12% of the average market

                                       20
<PAGE>

price of the common  stock prior to each future  draw down.  The lower  discount
applies to higher stock prices. In connection with the agreement, Cellegy issued
warrants to Kingsbridge  to purchase  260,000 common shares at an exercise price
of $5.27 per share.  Cellegy can, at its discretion and based on its cash needs,
determine  how much, if any, of the equity line it will draw down in the future,
subject to the other conditions in the agreement.

         In order to complete the research and development and other  activities
necessary  to  commercialize  our  products,   financings  in  addition  to  the
Kingsbridge  SSO will likely be  required.  As a result,  we may seek private or
public  equity  investments  and  future  collaborative  arrangements  or  other
transactions  with  third  parties  to  meet  such  needs.  However, there is no
assurance  that  financing  will be available  for us to fund our  operations on
acceptable  terms,  if at all. We believe that  available cash resources and the
interest thereon will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs through, December
2004,  assuming  no  material  adverse  financial  impact  associated  with  PDI
litigation and any subsequent legal proceedings.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

         In November  2002, the Emerging  Issues Task Force  ("EITF")  reached a
consensus on Issue No. 00-21, "Accounting for Revenue Arrangements with Multiple
Deliverables."  EITF Issue No.  00-21  provides  guidance  on how to account for
arrangements  that involve the  delivery or  performance  of multiple  products,
services  and/or  rights to use assets.  The  provisions of EITF Issue No. 00-21
will apply to revenue  arrangements  entered  into in fiscal  periods  beginning
after June 15,  2003.  We do not expect the  adoption of EITF issue No. 00-21 to
have a material impact on our financial statements.

         In January 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 ("FIN 46"),
"Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities,  an Interpretation of ARB No. 51."
FIN 46 requires  certain  variable  interest  entities to be consolidated by the
primary  beneficiary of the entity if the equity  investors in the entity do not
have the  characteristics  of a  controlling  financial  interest or do not have
sufficient  equity at risk for the  entity to  finance  its  activities  without
additional  subordinated  financial support from other parties.  During December
2003,  the FASB issued FIN 46R, a revision  to FIN 46. FIN 46R  provides a broad
deferral  of the latest date by which all public  entities  must apply FIN 46 to
certain variable interest  entities,  to the first reporting period ending after
March 15,  2004.  We do not  expect  the  adoption  of FIN 46 to have a material
impact on our financial statements.

         In May 2003,  the FASB  issued SFAS No.  150,  "Accounting  for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity." SFAS
No. 150 establishes  standards for how an issuer classifies and measures certain
financial  instruments with  characteristics  of both liabilities and equity. It
requires that an issuer classify a financial instrument that is within its scope
as a liability or an asset in some circumstances. Many of those instruments were
previously  classified  as  equity.  SFAS No.  150 is  effective  for  financial
instruments  entered  into or modified  after May 31,  2003,  and  otherwise  is
effective at the beginning of the first interim period  beginning after June 15,
2003. It is to be implemented by reporting the cumulative  effect of a change in
an accounting  principle for financial  instruments  created before the issuance
date of SFAS No. 150 and still  existing at the beginning of the interim  period
of adoption.  While the effective  date of certain  elements of SFAS No. 150 has
been deferred,  we do not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 150 to have a material
impact on our financial statements.

         In December 2003, the SEC issued Staff Accounting  Bulletin ("SAB") No.
104,  "Revenue  Recognition,"  which  codifies,  revises  and  rescinds  certain
sections  of  SAB  No.  101,  "Revenue  Recognition,"  in  order  to  make  this
interpretive  guidance  consistent  with current  authoritative  accounting  and
auditing  guidance and SEC rules and  regulations.  The changes noted in SAB No.
104 did not have a material adverse effect on the Company's  financial  position
or results of operations.

Factors That May Affect Future Operating Results

Risks Relating to Our Business

We are subject to regulation by regulatory  authorities including the FDA, which
could delay or prevent marketing of our products. Unexpected regulatory outcomes
could adversely affect our business and stock price.

                                       21
<PAGE>

         Cellegy's prescription product candidates, and our ongoing research and
clinical activities such as those relating to our product candidates Cellegesic,
Fortigel and  Tostrelle,  are subject to extensive  regulation  by  governmental
regulatory  authorities  in the  United  States and other  countries.  Before we
obtain  regulatory  approval  for  the  commercial  sale of our  potential  drug
products,  we must demonstrate through  pre-clinical studies and clinical trials
that the product is safe and efficacious for use in the clinical  indication for
which approval is sought. The timing of NDA submissions,  the outcome of reviews
by the FDA and the  initiation  and  completion  of other  clinical  trials  are
subject to uncertainty,  change and unforeseen  delays.  Under the  Prescription
Drug User Fee Act ("PDUFA"),  the FDA  establishes a target date to complete its
review of an NDA.  Although the FDA  attempts to respond by the  relevant  PDUFA
date to companies that file NDAs, there is no obligation on the FDA's part to do
so.  In  addition,   extensive   current   pre-clinical   and  clinical  testing
requirements  and the  current  regulatory  approval  process  of the FDA in the
United States and of certain foreign regulatory  authorities,  or new government
regulations, could prevent or delay regulatory approval of Cellegy's products.

         The  process  of   developing   and   obtaining   approval  for  a  new
pharmaceutical  product within this  regulatory  framework  requires a number of
years and  substantial  expenditures.  There can be no assurance  that necessary
approvals  will be obtained on a timely  basis,  if at all.  Delays in obtaining
regulatory  approvals could have a material  adverse effect on us. If we fail to
comply with applicable  regulatory  requirements,  we could be subject to a wide
variety of serious administrative or judicially imposed sanctions and penalties,
any of which would  materially  and adversely  affect our  business,  results of
operations and stock price.

         One or more of our ongoing or planned clinical trials could be delayed,
or the FDA could issue a Not Approvable  letter with respect to our future NDAs,
as it did with our  Fortigel  NDA in July 2003.  Such  actions  could  result in
further clinical trials or necessitate other time consuming or costly actions to
satisfy  regulatory  requirements.  The FDA may decide to have an Advisory Panel
review the  submission of our product  candidates  with an uncertain  outcome of
such panel's recommendation, or take other actions having the effect of delaying
or preventing  commercial  introduction of our products.  Similarly,  the FDA or
other regulatory  agencies could impose requirements on future trials that could
delay  the  regulatory  approval  process  for  our  products.  There  can be no
assurance that the FDA or other  regulatory  agencies will find any of our trial
data, including our soon to be filed NDA for Cellegesic or other sections of our
regulatory submissions,  sufficient to approve any of our product candidates for
marketing in the United States or in other overseas markets.

         In  January  2004,   Cellegy   reported   positive   results  from  its
confirmatory  Phase 3 study using  Cellegesic  for the treatment of chronic anal
fissure pain.  We now plan to submit an NDA to the FDA in the second  quarter of
2004.  The trial  was  conducted  according  to a  Special  Protocol  Assessment
("SPA"),  that was agreed  upon by Cellegy  and the FDA.  An SPA is  intended to
provide assurance that if the pre-specified  primary endpoint is achieved and no
unexpected  results are seen,  the FDA will  approve the product for  commercial
sale.  Cellegy believes that it achieved the primary  endpoint  specified in the
SPA;  however,  the FDA will  conduct its own analysis and may reach a different
conclusion. Failure of the FDA to approve Cellegesic for marketing or imposition
by the FDA of  significant  additional  studies  or  other  requirements  before
granting marketing  approval,  could have a material adverse effect on Cellegy's
business and stock price.

         Sales of Cellegy's  products  outside the United  States are subject to
different  regulatory  requirements  governing  clinical  trials  and  marketing
approval. These requirements vary widely from country to country and could delay
introduction of Cellegy's products in those countries.

Our clinical  trial  results are very  difficult to predict in advance,  and the
clinical  trial  process is subject to delays.  Failure of one or more  clinical
trials or delays in trial completion could adversely affect our business and our
stock price.

         Results of  pre-clinical  studies and early clinical  trials may not be
good predictors of results that will be obtained in later-stage clinical trials.
We  cannot  assure  you  that  Cellegy's  present  or  future  clinical  trials,
including,  for example, the Phase 2 study for Tostrelle or the Cellegesic Phase
2 hemorrhoid  trial,  will demonstrate the results required to continue advanced
trial development and allow us to seek marketing approval for these or our other
product candidates. Because of the independent and blind nature of certain human
clinical testing, there will be extended periods during the testing process when
we will  have only  limited  or no access  to  information  about the

                                       22
<PAGE>

status or results of the tests. Cellegy and other pharmaceutical  companies have
believed that their products  performed  satisfactorily  in early tests, only to
find their performance in later tests,  including Phase 3 clinical trials, to be
inadequate or unsatisfactory,  or that FDA Advisory  Committees have declined to
recommend  approval of the drugs, or that the FDA itself refused approval,  with
the result that stock prices have fallen precipitously.

         Delays in the clinical  trial process can be extremely  costly in terms
of lost sales  opportunities and increased  clinical trial costs. The speed with
which we complete our clinical trials and our regulatory submissions,  including
NDAs, will depend on several factors, including the following:

         o        the rate of patient enrollment,  which is affected by the size
                  of the  patient  population,  the  proximity  of  patients  to
                  clinical  sites,  the difficulty of the entry criteria for the
                  study and the nature of the protocol;

         o        the timely  completion of clinical site protocol  approval and
                  obtaining informed consent from subjects;

         o        analysis  of  data  obtained  from  preclinical  and  clinical
                  activities;

         o        changes in policies or staff personnel at regulatory  agencies
                  during the lengthy drug application review; and

         o        the  availability of experienced  staff to conduct and monitor
                  clinical  studies,  internally  or through  contract  research
                  organizations.

We have a history  of  losses,  and we expect  losses to  continue  for at least
several years. We could be subject to delisting by the Nasdaq National Market.

         Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2003 was approximately $99.1
million.  We have never  operated  profitably  and,  given our planned  level of
operating expenses, we expect to continue to incur losses through at least 2004.
We plan to increase our operating  expenses as we continue to devote significant
resources to pre-clinical studies, clinical trials,  administrative,  marketing,
sales and patent activities.  Accordingly, without substantial revenues from new
corporate  collaborations,  royalties on product sales or other revenue sources,
we expect to incur substantial operating losses in the foreseeable future as our
potential  products  move  through  development,  and we  continue  to invest in
research and clinical trials. Our losses may increase in the future, and even if
we achieve  our  revenue  targets,  we may not be able to  sustain  or  increase
profitability  on a quarterly or annual basis.  The amount of future net losses,
and the time  required to reach  profitability,  are both highly  uncertain.  To
achieve  sustained   profitable   operations,   we  must,  among  other  things,
successfully  discover,  develop,  obtain  regulatory  approvals  for and market
pharmaceutical  products.  We  cannot  assure  you that we will  ever be able to
achieve or sustain profitability.

         Cellegy's  common  stock is  currently  listed on the  NASDAQ  National
Market.  There are several  requirements for the continued listing of our common
stock on the NASDAQ National Market,  including  requirements  relating to stock
price and to compliance with certain financial standards.  If we fail to satisfy
one or more of the criteria for continued  listing and are unable to demonstrate
compliance within the time periods  permitted by NASDAQ,  our common stock would
be delisted from the NASDAQ  National  Market and we would likely seek a listing
on the NASDAQ  SmallCap  Market or some other market.  Delisting from the NASDAQ
National  Market would have a material  adverse effect on our business and stock
price.

Our prospects for obtaining additional financing, if required, are uncertain and
failure to obtain needed financing could affect our ability to develop or market
products.

         Throughout our history,  we have consumed  substantial amounts of cash.
Our cash needs are  expected to decrease  throughout  2004 due to a reduction in
clinical  trial  activity  followed  by an increase in 2005 in order to fund the
additional expenses required to continue or expand our development  programs and
to  commercialize  our products once  regulatory  approvals  have been obtained.
Cellegy has no current source of significant  ongoing revenues or capital beyond
existing cash and investments, certain product sales of Rectogesic and skin care
moisturizers  and access to funding through the  Kingsbridge  SSO. The amount of
cash required will depend on numerous  factors  including,  without  limitation:
requirements in support of our development programs, the progress and results of
pre-clinical  and  clinical  testing,  the time and costs  involved in obtaining
regulatory approvals,  including the cost of complying with potential additional
FDA information and/or

                                       23
<PAGE>

clinical trial requirements to obtain marketing approval of our Fortigel product
candidate,  the  costs of  filing,  prosecuting,  defending  and  enforcing  our
intellectual property rights, the outcome of the PDI litigation, and legal costs
and/or potential settlement payments associated with these legal proceedings. In
order to complete the development,  manufacturing and other pre-launch marketing
activities necessary to commercialize our products, additional financing will be
required.

         In addition to the Kingsbridge  SSO facility,  Cellegy may seek private
or public equity  investments and future  collaborative  arrangements with third
parties to help fund future cash needs.  There is no assurance that such funding
will be available for us to finance our  operations on acceptable  terms,  if at
all,  and any future  equity  funding  may involve  significant  dilution to our
shareholders.  Under  certain  circumstances  we could be  prevented  from or be
limited  in  fully  utilizing   planned   funding  from  the  Kingsbridge   SSO.
Insufficient funding may require us to delay, reduce or eliminate some or all of
our research and development activities, planned clinical trials, administrative
programs,  personnel,  outside services and facility costs. In addition, Cellegy
would be  subject  to  de-listing  by the  NASDAQ  National  Market  if  certain
financial  standards are not  maintained.  Cellegy  believes that available cash
resources  and interest  earned  thereon will be adequate to satisfy its capital
needs through  December  2004,  assuming no material  adverse  financial  impact
associated with PDI litigation and any subsequent legal proceedings.

The type and scope of patent  coverage we have may limit the commercial  success
of our products.

         Cellegy's  success  depends,  in part,  on our ability to obtain patent
protection for our products and methods,  both in the United States and in other
countries.  Several  of  Cellegy's  products  and  product  candidates,  such as
Cellegesic,  Fortigel  and  Tostrelle,  are based on existing  molecules  with a
history of use in humans but which are being developed by us for new therapeutic
uses or in novel delivery systems which enhance  therapeutic  utility. We cannot
obtain composition patent claims on the compounds  themselves,  and will instead
need to rely on patent claims,  if any, directed to use of the compound to treat
certain conditions or to specific  formulations.  This is the case, for example,
with our United  States  patents  relating  to  Cellegesic  and  Fortigel.  Such
method-of-use  patents may provide less protection than a  composition-of-matter
patent,  because  of the  possibility  of  "off-label"  use of the  composition.
Cellegy  may  not be  able to  prevent  a  competitor  from  using  a  different
formulation or compound for a different purpose.

         No assurance can be given that any additional patents will be issued to
us, that the  protection of any patents that may be issued in the future will be
significant,   or  that  current  or  future  patents  will  be  held  valid  if
subsequently  challenged.  For  example,  oppositions  have been  filed with the
European Patent Office regarding our European patent  protecting the manufacture
and use of  nitroglycerin  ointment and related  compounds  for the treatment of
anal  disorders,  including  fissures and various  hemorrhoidal  conditions.  In
December  2003, we reported that the Board of Opposition of the European  Patent
Office  had  rendered  a verbal  decision  revoking  Cellegy's  European  patent
relating to its  Cellegesic  product and related  compounds for the treatment of
anal disorders, including fissures and various hemorrhoidal conditions. Although
Cellegy  intends to appeal this decision,  an additional  adverse outcome in the
appeal process could have a negative effect on Cellegy, impacting the success of
our marketing and corporate  licensing efforts in Europe and adversely affecting
our business and stock price.

         The  patent  position  of  companies  engaged  in  businesses  such  as
Cellegy's business generally is uncertain and involves complex legal and factual
questions.  There is a substantial  backlog of patent applications at the United
States Patent and Trademark Office  ("USPTO").  Patents in the United States are
issued to the party that is first to invent the claimed invention.  There can be
no assurance  that any patent  applications  relating to  Cellegy's  products or
methods  will issue as  patents,  or, if issued,  that the  patents  will not be
challenged,  invalidated or circumvented  or that the rights granted  thereunder
will provide us a competitive advantage.

         In  addition,  many other  organizations  are engaged in  research  and
product development  efforts in drug delivery and topical  formulations that may
overlap with Cellegy's  products.  Such organizations may currently have, or may
obtain in the future,  legally  blocking  proprietary  rights,  including patent
rights, in one or more products or methods under development or consideration by
Cellegy.  These rights may prevent us from  commercializing  technology,  or may
require  Cellegy  to  obtain  a  license  from  the  organizations  to  use  the
technology.  Cellegy  may not be able to obtain  any such  licenses  that may be
required on reasonable  financial  terms, if at all, and cannot be sure that the
patents underlying any such licenses will be valid or enforceable. Moreover, the
laws of certain foreign  countries do

                                       24
<PAGE>

not protect  intellectual  property  rights relating to United States patents as
extensively as those rights are protected in the United States.  The issuance of
a patent in one country  does not assure the  issuance of a patent with  similar
claims in another country,  and claim  interpretation and infringement laws vary
among  countries,  so the extent of any patent  protection  is uncertain and may
vary in  different  countries.  As with other  companies  in the  pharmaceutical
industry,  we are subject to the risk that  persons  located in other  countries
will engage in development, marketing or sales activities of products that would
infringe our patent rights if such activities were in the United States.

Our product sales strategy involving corporate partners is highly uncertain.

         Cellegy is seeking to enter into  agreements  with  corporate  partners
regarding commercialization of our lead product candidates. Besides the Fortigel
license agreement with PDI, which is currently subject to litigation between the
parties,  Cellegy  currently has a limited number of other agreements with third
parties to  commercialize  our  product  candidates.  Cellegy may not be able to
establish other collaborative  arrangements and we may not have the resources or
the  experience  to  successfully  commercialize  any such  products on our own,
particularly in overseas markets. Failure to enter into other arrangements could
prevent,  delay or otherwise  have a material  adverse  effect on our ability to
develop and market  products,  including  our  Cellegesic  product in the United
States,  and our Tostrex and Rectogesic  products,  in markets  outside of North
America.

         With the current and future planned corporate partner arrangements,  we
may rely on our partners to conduct clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals
and, if approved, manufacture,  distribute, market or co-promote these products.
Reliance   on  third   party   partners   can  create   risks  to  our   product
commercialization  efforts. Once agreements are completed,  particularly if they
are completed at a relatively  early stage of product  development,  Cellegy may
have little or no control over the  development or marketing of these  potential
products and little or no  opportunity  to review  clinical data before or after
public  announcement  of  results.   Further,   any  arrangements  that  may  be
established  may not be  successful  or may be subject to dispute or  litigation
between the parties.

         In October 2003, Cellegy announced that it had received a communication
on behalf of PDI  invoking  mediation  procedures  under the  exclusive  license
agreement between PDI and Cellegy relating to Fortigel.  The dispute  resolution
provisions of the agreement required  non-binding  mediation before either party
could initiate further legal proceedings.  Mediation  proceedings were completed
in early December 2003,  after which both PDI and Cellegy  initiated  litigation
proceedings. Although Cellegy believes PDI's claims are without merit, there can
be no assurances regarding the outcome of any such proceedings, or any potential
counterclaims  by PDI, and the Company  could be required to devote  significant
time and resources to the proceedings. An adverse outcome in any such proceeding
could have a material adverse financial impact on Cellegy.

We do not have any  history  of  manufacturing  products,  and we have a limited
number of critical suppliers.

         Cellegy has no direct experience in manufacturing commercial quantities
of products and currently does not have any capacity to manufacture  products on
a large  commercial  scale.  We currently  rely on a limited  number of contract
manufacturers,  primarily  PendoPharm  Inc.,  and  certain  other  suppliers  to
manufacture  our  formulations.   Although  we  are  developing  other  contract
manufacturers,  there  can be no  assurance  that we will be able to enter  into
acceptable  agreements with them or successfully  validate their facilities on a
timely basis. In the future, we may not be able to obtain contract manufacturing
on commercially  acceptable  terms for compounds or product  formulations in the
quantities we need. Manufacturing or quality control problems, lack of financial
resources or  qualified  personnel  could occur with our contract  manufacturers
causing product shipment delays,  inadequate  supply,  or causing the contractor
not to be able to maintain  compliance with the FDA's current good manufacturing
practice requirements necessary to continue  manufacturing.  Such problems could
limit our  ability to produce  clinical  or  commercial  product  and  otherwise
adversely affect Cellegy's business and stock price.

         In July 2003,  PanGeo Pharma,  Cellegy's  major contract  manufacturer,
filed for bankruptcy  protection  under  Canadian law.  Under a  re-organization
plan,  PanGeo sold its  facilities  to an affiliate of  Pharmasciences,  another
Canadian  manufacturer,  and was re-named  PendoPharm  Inc.  Uncertainty  exists
concerning  the future  operations  of the  manufacturing  plant that is used to
manufacture  products for Cellegy, and there can be no assurance that PendoPharm
will be able to meet  Cellegy's  clinical and product  requirements  on a timely
basis, if at all, in the future.  Cellegy is engaged in establishing  production
arrangements  at a domestic  location,  although  this is an expensive  and

                                       25
<PAGE>

time consuming process. There may be delays and additional costs relating to the
technical transfer and validation of alternate suppliers.

We currently have no drug products we sell on our own and have limited sales and
marketing experience.

         We may market certain of our products,  if  successfully  developed and
approved,  through a direct sales force in the United  States and through  sales
and  marketing  partnership  or  distribution  arrangements  outside  the United
States. Cellegy has very limited experience in sales, marketing or distribution.
To market  certain of our  products  directly,  we may  establish a direct sales
force in the United States or obtain the assistance of our marketing partner. If
we  enter  into   marketing   or   licensing   arrangements   with   established
pharmaceutical  companies,  our  revenues  will  be  subject  to the  terms  and
conditions  of such  arrangements  and will be  dependent  on the efforts of our
partner. Cellegy may not have the financial capability to successfully establish
a direct  sales  force  or our  collaborators  may not  effectively  market  our
products.  Either  circumstance  could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the
successful commercialization of our products and ultimate profitability.

We have  very  limited  staffing  and will  continue  to be  dependent  upon key
employees.

         Our success is dependent  upon the efforts of a small  management  team
and staff. We have employment agreements and a severance/retention plan in place
with certain executives,  but none of our executives are legally bound to remain
employed for any specific term. If key  individuals  leave Cellegy,  we could be
adversely affected if suitable replacement  personnel are not quickly recruited.
Our future  success  depends  upon our ability to continue to attract and retain
qualified scientific, clinical, marketing and administrative personnel. There is
competition  for qualified  personnel in all  functional  areas,  which makes it
difficult  to attract  and  retain the  qualified  personnel  necessary  for the
development and growth of our business.

Risks Relating to Our Industry

We face intense competition from larger companies, and in the future Cellegy may
not have the  resources  required  to  develop  innovative  products.  Cellegy's
products are subject to competition from existing products.

         The  pharmaceutical  industry  is  subject  to  rapid  and  significant
technological  change.  In the development and marketing of prescription  drugs,
Cellegy faces intense competition.  Cellegy is much smaller in terms of size and
resources than many of its  competitors  in the United States and abroad,  which
include,  among  others,  major  pharmaceutical,   chemical,  consumer  product,
specialty  pharmaceutical  and biotechnology  companies,  universities and other
research   institutions.   Cellegy's   competitors  may  succeed  in  developing
technologies and products that are safer and more effective than any that we are
developing and could render Cellegy's technology and potential products obsolete
and  noncompetitive.  Many  of  these  competitors  have  substantially  greater
financial   and  technical   resources,   clinical   production   and  marketing
capabilities  and regulatory  experience.  In addition,  Cellegy's  products are
subject to competition from existing products.  For example,  Cellegy's Fortigel
product,  if ever  commercialized  in the United States,  is expected to compete
with two currently marketed  testosterone gel products sold by Unimed/Solvay and
Auxilium   Pharmaceuticals,   a   transdermal   patch  product  sold  by  Watson
Pharmaceuticals,  a Buccal  tablet  from  Columbia  Laboratories  and  potential
generic   products  which  may  be  introduced   before  or  after  Fortigel  is
commercialized.

         Cellegy's Cellegesic product, if commercialized, is expected to compete
with  over-the-counter  products,  such as Preparation H marketed by Wyeth,  and
various prescription  products. As a result, we cannot assure you that Cellegy's
products under  development will be able to compete  successfully  with existing
products or innovative products under development by other organizations.

We are subject to the risk of product liability lawsuits.

         The testing,  marketing and sale of human health care products  entails
an inherent risk of allegations of product liability. We are subject to the risk
that  substantial  product  liability claims could be asserted against us in the
future.  Cellegy has obtained $5 million in insurance  coverage  relating to our
clinical  trials.  There can be no assurance that Cellegy will be able to obtain
or maintain insurance on acceptable terms,  particularly in overseas  locations,
for

                                       26
<PAGE>

clinical and commercial  activities or that any insurance  obtained will provide
adequate protection against potential liabilities.

Risks Relating to Our Stock

Our stock price could be volatile.

         Our stock price has from time to time experienced significant price and
volume  fluctuations.  Since  becoming  a public  company,  our stock  price has
fluctuated in conjunction  with the Nasdaq Stock Market  generally and sometimes
on matters more specific to Cellegy,  such as an  announcement of clinical trial
or regulatory results or other corporate developments.  Announcements that could
significantly impact our stock price include:

         o        Publicity or announcements  regarding regulatory  developments
                  relating to our products particularly Fortigel and Cellegesic;

         o        Clinical trial results,  particularly  the outcome of our more
                  advanced  studies;   or  negative  responses  from  regulatory
                  authorities with regard to the approvability of our products;

         o        Period-to-period   fluctuations  in  our  financial   results,
                  including our cash and investment balance, operating expenses,
                  cash burn rate or revenues;

         o        Negative   announcements,   additional   legal  proceeding  or
                  financial problems of our key suppliers, particularly relating
                  to our Canadian manufacturer and our service providers;

         o        A negative  outcome in  litigation  or other  potential  legal
                  proceedings   with  PDI  relating  to  the  Fortigel   license
                  agreement; or

         o        Other potentially negative financial announcements,  including
                  delisting from the Nasdaq  National  Market or SEC,  review of
                  any of our filings by the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
                  changes in accounting  treatment or  restatement of previously
                  reported  financial  results or delays in our filings with the
                  SEC.

The  Kingsbridge  SSO financing  arrangement  may have a dilutive  impact on our
stockholders.  The SSO arrangement imposes certain limitations on our ability to
issue equity or equity-linked securities

         There are  4,000,000  shares of our common  stock that are reserved for
issuance under the Kingsbridge  SSO,  260,000 of which is related to the warrant
issued to Kingsbridge. In certain circumstances where the registration statement
covering  these shares that the Company is obligated to file is not effective or
available to Kingsbridge, additional shares may be issuable to Kingsbridge under
the agreement. The issuance of shares under the SSO, at a discount to the market
price of the  common  stock,  and upon  exercise  of the  warrants  will  have a
dilutive  impact  on  other  shareholders  and the  issuance  or even  potential
issuance  of such  shares,  if any,  could have a negative  effect on the market
price of our common stock. If we sell stock to Kingsbridge  when our share price
is  decreasing,  such issuance will have a more dilutive  effect and may further
decrease our stock price.

         To the extent that Kingsbridge  sells shares of our common stock issued
under  the SSO to  third  parties,  our  stock  price  may  decrease  due to the
additional  selling pressure in the market.  The perceived risk of dilution from
sales of stock to or by  Kingsbridge  may cause  holders of our common  stock to
sell their shares or encourage short sales.  This could contribute to decline in
our stock price.

         During the  two-year  term of the  Kingsbridge  SSO,  we are subject to
certain restrictions on our ability to engage in certain equity or equity-linked
financings  without the consent of  Kingsbridge.  These  restrictions  primarily
relate to non-fixed,  future-priced securities. We may not issue securities that
are, or may become,  convertible  or  exchangeable  into shares of common  stock
where the  purchase,  conversion  or  exchange  price for such  common  stock is
determined using a floating or otherwise adjustable discount to the market price
of the common stock during the two year term of our agreement with  Kingsbridge.
However,  the  agreement  does not  prohibit  us from  conducting  most kinds of
additional debt or equity  financings,  including PIPES,  shelf  offerings,  and
secondary offerings.

                                       27
<PAGE>

ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Cellegy invests its excess cash in short-term,  investment grade, fixed
income  securities  under  an  investment  policy.  All of our  investments  are
classified as available-for-sale (see Financial Statements - Note 2). All of our
securities owned as of December 31, 2003 will mature in 2004, with the remainder
in money market  funds.  We believe that  potential  near-term  losses in future
earnings,  fair values or cash flows related to our investment portfolio are not
significant.

         At December 31, 2003, our investment  portfolio consisted of $3,687,000
in corporate notes. We currently do not hedge interest rate exposure.  If market
interest  rates were to increase by 100 basis  points or 1% from  December  2003
levels,  the fair value of our  portfolio  would decline by no more than $5,000.
The  modeling   technique  used  measures  the  change  in  fair  value  from  a
hypothetical shift in market interest rates.


ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The  financial  statements  required  by Item 8 are set forth  below on
pages F-1 through F-24 of this report.

Index to Financial Statements                                              F-1
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Auditors                 F-2
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors                          F-3
Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                F-4
Consolidated Statements of Operations                                      F-5
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity  (Deficit)                 F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                      F-9
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                 F-12


ITEM  9:  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES.

         The disclosure  called for by this Item has previously been provided by
the  Company  on a Report on Form 8-K filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission  on  November  4, 2003,  as  amended by a report on Form 8-K/A  filed
November 20, 2003.


ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (Additional language forthcoming from PWC)

         (a)      Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

         Under the  supervision  and with the  participation  of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,  we conducted
an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined
under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934,  as amended (the  "Exchange  Act"),  as of December 31, 2003.  Based on
their  evaluation,  our principal  executive  officer and  principal  accounting
officer concluded that our disclosure  controls and procedures were effective as
of December 31, 2003.

         As discussed in Note 13 to the Consolidated  Financial Statements,  the
Company has  restated  certain  financial  results and filed in an amended  2002
Annual  Report on Form 10-K/A and amended  quarterly  reports on Form 10-Q/A for
the first three  quarters of 2003 in March 2004. The  circumstances  causing the
restatement  arose due to the  complex  nature of the  accounting  treatment  of
certain stock options that had been cancelled.  As a result of the  restatement,
we reevaluated  the  effectiveness  of our disclosure  controls and  procedures.
Based upon this  reevaluation  we believe that our controls and  procedures  are
effective and that no changes in such  procedures  or our internal  controls are
necessary or appropriate.

         (b)      Changes in Internal Controls

                                       28
<PAGE>

         There were no changes in the Company's internal controls over financial
reporting  identified in connection  with the evaluation by the Chief  Executive
Offer and Chief  Financial  Officer that occurred  during the  Company's  fourth
quarter that have  materially  affected or are  reasonably  likely to materially
affect the Company's internal controls over financial reporting.

                                       29
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Information  required  by this  Item  with  respect  to  directors  and
compliance  with  Section  16(a) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 may be
found in the sections captioned  "Election of Cellegy Directors" and "Compliance
under Section  16(a) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934"  appearing in the
definitive  Proxy  Statement  (the "2004 Proxy  Statement")  to be  delivered to
shareholders in connection  with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders  expected to
be held in June 2004.  Such  information  is  incorporated  herein by reference.
Information  required by this Item with  respect to  executive  officers  may be
found in Part I hereof  in the  section  captioned  "Executive  Officers  of the
Registrant."


ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         Information  with  respect  to this  Item may be  found in the  section
captioned "Executive  Compensation" appearing in the 2004 Proxy Statement and is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         Information  with  respect  to this  Item may be found in the  sections
captioned  "Security  Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and
"Equity  Compensation  Plans"  appearing  in the  2004  Proxy  Statement  and is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         Information  with  respect  to this  Item may be  found in the  section
captioned "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" appearing in the 2004
Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

         Information  with  respect  to this  Item may be  found in the  section
captioned  "Principal  Accountant Fees and Services" appearing in the 2004 Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

                                       30
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

       Exhibits

         (a)      The  following  exhibits are attached  hereto or  incorporated
                  herein by reference:


    Exhibit
     Number    Exhibit Title
     ------    -------------
   2.1         Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 1997 between the
               Company and Neptune Pharmaceutical Corporation. (Confidential
               treatment has been granted with respect to portions of this
               agreement.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the
               Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3, file no. 333-46087,
               filed on February 11, 1998, as amended.)

   3.1         Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company.
               (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's
               Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 33-93288
               LA) declared effective on August 11, 1995 (the "SB-2").)

   3.2         Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Articles of
               Incorporation filed with the California Secretary of State on
               August 6, 2002.

   3.3         Bylaws of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3
               to the SB-2.)

   4.1         Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 4.1 to the SB-2.)

 *10.1         1992 Stock Option Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.12 to the SB-2.)

 *10.2         1995 Equity Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               4.03 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8
               (Registration No. 333-91588) filed on June 28, 2002.

 *10.3         1995 Directors' Stock Option Plan. (Incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
               ended filed June 30, 2002.)

  10.4         Loan and Security Agreement between Silicon Valley Bank and the
               Company dated June 10, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 10.01 to the Company's Form 10-QSB for the fiscal quarter
               ended June 30, 1998.)

  10.5         Lease Agreement between the Company and TCNorthern California
               Inc. dated April 8, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.01 to the Company's Form 10-QSB for the fiscal quarter ended
               March 31, 1998.)

 *10.6         Employment Agreement, effective January 1, 2003, between the
               Company and K. Michael Forrest.

  10.7         Share Purchase Agreement dated as of November 27, 2001, by and
               among the Company, Vaxis Therapeutics Corporation and certain
               stockholders of Vaxis. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.14 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
               December 31, 2001.)

  10.8         Exclusive License Agreement dated as of December 31, 2002, by and
               between the Company and PDI, Inc. (Confidential treatment has
               been requested with respect to portions of this agreement.)
               (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the
               Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002.)

  10.9         Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 16, 2004 between
               Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Kingsbridge Capital Limited.

  10.10        Registration Rights Agreement dated January 16, 2004 between
               Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Kingsbridge Capital Limited.

  10.11        Warrant dated January 16, 2004 issued to Kingsbridge Capital
               Limited.

  10.12        Retention and Severance Plan.

                                       31
<PAGE>

  10.13        Form of Agreement of Plan Participation under Retention and
               Severance Plan.

 *10.14        Letter agreement dated November 6, 2003 between Cellegy
               Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Richard C. Williams.

 *10.15        Stock option agreement dated November 6, 2003 between Cellegy
               Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Richard C. Williams.

 *10.16        Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and its directors
               and executive officers.

  21.1         Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

  23.1         Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Accountants.

  23.2         Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.

  24.1         Power of Attorney (See signature page.)

  31.1         Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302
               of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  31.2         Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302
               of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

  32.1         Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906
               of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  32.2         Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906
               of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


* Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

         (b) Reports on Form 8-K

         Information  regarding  reports  on Form  8-K and  8-K/A  that we filed
during our fourth quarter ended December 31, 2003, is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
--------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date Filed or                     Item
Furnished                         Number                  Description
--------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>                     <C>
October 27, 2003                  Items 5 and 7           Initiation by PDI, Inc. of Non-Binding Mediation Proceedings
--------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
November 4, 2003                  Items 4 and 7           Change in Registrant's Independent Accountant
--------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
November 6, 2003                  Items 12 and 7          Third Quarter Financial Results
--------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
November 7, 2003                  Items 5 and 7           Announcement of Changes to Cellegy's Board of Directors
--------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
November 20, 2003                 Items 4 and 7           Change in Registrant's Independent Accountant
--------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 15, 2003                 Items 4 and 7           Announcement of Resignation of Director, Dr. Ronald J. Saldarini;
                                                          Filing of Declaratory Judgement Action against PDI, Inc.;
                                                          European Patent Board's Decision regarding Cellegesic Patent
--------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

         (c) Financial Statement Schedules

         All  schedules  are  omitted  because  they are not  applicable  or the
         information  required  to be  set  forth  therein  is  included  in the
         financial statements or notes thereto.

                                       32
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,  thereunto duly  authorized,  in the
City of South San Francisco, State of California, on the 6th of April, 2004.


                                      CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

                                      By: /s/ K. Michael Forrest
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          K. Michael Forrest
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer


                                Power of Attorney

         Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each
of K. Michael Forrest and A. Richard Juelis, true and lawful  attorneys-in-fact,
each with the power of substitution,  for him in any and all capacities, to sign
amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same,  with all exhibits
thereto and other  documents in connection  therewith,  with the  Securities and
Exchange   Commission,   hereby   ratifying   and   confirming   all  that  said
attorneys-in-fact,  or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done
by virtue thereof.

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,  this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               Name                                         Title                                    Date
               ----                                         -----                                    ----
<S>                                           <C>                                                <C>
Principal Executive Officer:


     /s/ K. Michael Forrest                   President, Chief Executive Officer and             April 6, 2004
----------------------------------            Director
       K. Michael Forrest


Principal Financial Officer
and Principal Accounting Officer:

     /s/ A. Richard Juelis                    Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial           April 6, 2004
----------------------------------            Officer and Secretary
       A. Richard Juelis


Directors:

     /s/ Richard C. Williams                  Chairman of the Board, Director                    April 6, 2004
----------------------------------
       Richard C. Williams

      /s/ John Q. Adams, Sr.                  Director                                           April 6, 2004
----------------------------------
        John Q. Adams, Sr.

      /s/ Tobi B. Klar, M.D.                  Director                                           April 6, 2004
----------------------------------
        Tobi B. Klar, M.D.

     /s/ Robert B. Rothermel                  Director                                           April 6, 2004
----------------------------------
       Robert B. Rothermel.

     /s/ Thomas M. Steinberg                  Director                                           April 6, 2004
----------------------------------
       Thomas M. Steinberg
</TABLE>

                                       33

<PAGE>

                          Index to Financial Statements
                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Auditors                  F-2
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors                           F-3
Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                 F-4
Consolidated Statements of Operations                                       F-5
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)                   F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                       F-9
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                  F-11

                                      F-1
<PAGE>


                         Report of Independent Auditors


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.:

In  our  opinion,   the  consolidated   financials   statements  listed  in  the
accompanying  index  present  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the financial
position of Cellegy  Pharmaceuticals,  Inc. and its  subsidiaries (a development
stage  company) at December 31, 2003,  and the results of their  operations  and
their cash flows for the year then ended and,  cumulatively  for the period from
January 1, 2003 to December 31, 2003 in conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.  These financial  statements
are the  responsibility of the Company's  management;  our  responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial  statements based on our audit. We did not
audit the  cumulative  totals of the  Company  for the period from June 26, 1989
(inception) to December 31, 2002, which totals reflect a deficit of 86.4 percent
of the related total cumulative amount accumulated during the development stage.
Those  cumulative  totals were audited by other  auditors  whose  report,  dated
February 13, 2003 (except for Note 13, as to which the date is March 24,  2004),
expressed  an  unqualified  opinion on the  cumulative  amounts and  included an
explanatary paragraph that indicated that the consolidated  financial statements
as of and for the year ended  December 31, 2002 have been  restated as described
in Note 13.  We  conducted  our audit of these  statements  in  accordance  with
auditing  standards  generally  accepted in the United States of America,  which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about
whether the financial  statements  are free of material  misstatement.  An audit
includes  examining,  on a test  basis,  evidence  supporting  the  amounts  and
disclosures in the financial  statements,  assessing the  accounting  principles
used and  significant  estimates made by management,  and evaluating the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.


/s/ PricewatershouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California
April 6, 2004


                                      F-2
<PAGE>

                Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors


The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

We  have  audited  the  accompanying   consolidated  balance  sheet  of  Cellegy
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a development stage company) as of December 31, 2002, and
the related  consolidated  statements of operations,  shareholders'  equity, and
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended  December 31, 2002, and
for the period from June 26, 1989  (inception)  through  December  31, 2002 (not
separately presented herein).  These financial statements are the responsibility
of the  Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all  material   respects,   the  consolidated   financial  position  of  Cellegy
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a development stage company) at December 31, 2002 and the
consolidated  results of its  operations  and its cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended  December  31, 2002,  and for the period from June 26,
1989  (inception)  through  December 31, 2002,  in  conformity  with  accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.

The accompanying  consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2002 have been restated as discussed in Note 13.

                                /s/ Ernst & Young LLP


Palo Alto, California
February 13, 2003 (except for Note 13,
as to which the date is March 24, 2004)

                                      F-3
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                                     ------------------------------
                                                                                                         2003              2002
                                                                                                     ------------      ------------
Assets:                                                                                                                 (Restated,
                                                                                                                        see note 13)
<S>                                                                                                  <C>               <C>
Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents ................................................................     $  7,649,878      $ 21,628,517
      Short-term investments ...................................................................        3,686,919         2,002,123
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets ................................................          508,123           608,313
                                                                                                     ------------      ------------
Total current assets ...........................................................................       11,844,920        24,238,953
Property and equipment, net ....................................................................        1,891,726         2,616,193
Restricted cash ................................................................................          227,500           227,500
Intangible assets, net .........................................................................          256,688           275,204
Goodwill .......................................................................................        1,009,973           921,418
Other assets ...................................................................................          100,000           100,000
                                                                                                     ------------      ------------
Total assets ...................................................................................     $ 15,330,807      $ 28,379,268
                                                                                                     ============      ============

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)
Current liabilities:
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities .................................................     $  1,908,057      $  2,005,279
      Accrued compensation and related expenses ................................................          111,989           122,925
      Current portion of deferred revenue ......................................................          832,000           833,340
                                                                                                     ------------      ------------
Total current liabilities ......................................................................        2,852,046         2,961,544
Long term liabilities ..........................................................................          724,560           716,619
Deferred revenue ...............................................................................       13,334,660        14,166,660
                                                                                                     ------------      ------------
Total liabilities ..............................................................................       16,911,266        17,844,823
                                                                                                     ------------      ------------

Commitments and contingencies (Note 4)

Shareholders' equity (deficit):
      Preferred stock, no par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized: no shares issued or
        outstanding at December 31, 2003 and 2002 ..............................................               --                --
      Common stock, no par value; 35,000,000 shares authorized: 20,045,000 shares issued
        and outstanding at December 31, 2003 and 19,652,356 shares issued and
        outstanding at December 31, 2002 .......................................................       97,293,984        96,139,764
      Accumulated other comprehensive income ...................................................          274,855            11,831
      Deficit accumulated during the development stage .........................................      (99,149,298)      (85,617,150)
                                                                                                     ------------      ------------
Total shareholders' equity (deficit) ...........................................................       (1,580,459)       10,534,445
                                                                                                     ------------      ------------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity (deficit) ...........................................     $ 15,330,807      $ 28,379,268
                                                                                                     ============      ============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                      Consolidated Statements of Operations

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                       Period from
                                                                                                                        June 26,
                                                                             Years ended December 31,                 1989 through
                                                                -------------------------------------------------      December 31,
                                                                    2003              2002              2001               2003
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
                                                                                   (Restated,
                                                                                   see note 13)
<S>                                                             <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Revenues:
      Licensing and contract revenue from affiliate ........    $          --     $          --     $          --     $   1,145,373
      Licensing, milestone, and development funding ........          833,340                --                --         2,384,748
      Government grants ....................................           18,833            45,798               566           566,966
      Product sales ........................................          768,325         1,355,828           876,925         5,870,737
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
Total revenues .............................................        1,620,498         1,401,626           877,491         9,967,824
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
Costs and expenses:
      Cost of products sold ................................          185,891           369,992           200,338         1,506,765
      Research and development .............................       10,558,174        10,403,214        14,097,746        72,175,558
      Selling, general and administrative ..................        4,768,529         6,389,847         4,041,642        31,719,125
      Acquired in-process research and development .........               --                --         3,507,134         7,350,102
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
Total costs and expenses ...................................       15,512,594        17,163,053        21,846,860       112,751,550
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
Operating loss .............................................      (13,892,096)      (15,761,427)      (20,969,369)     (102,783,726)
Other income (expense):
      Interest expense .....................................               --           (27,136)          (27,283)       (1,503,729)
      Interest income and other, net .......................          359,948           547,961         1,531,929         6,586,662
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
Net loss ...................................................      (13,532,148)      (15,240,602)      (19,464,723)      (97,700,793)
Non-cash preferred dividends ...............................               --                --                --         1,448,505
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------     -------------
Net loss applicable to common shareholders .................    $ (13,532,148)    $ (15,240,602)    $ (19,464,723)    $ (99,149,298)
                                                                =============     =============     =============     =============

        Basic and diluted net loss per common share ........    $       (0.68)    $       (0.86)    $       (1.26)
                                                                =============     =============     =============

Weighted average common shares used in computing
basic and diluted net loss per common share ................       19,963,552        17,642,640        15,502,918
                                                                =============     =============     =============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Series A Convertible          Series B Convertible         Series C Convertible
                                                    Preferred Stock               Preferred Stock              Preferred Stock
                                                -----------------------        ----------------------       -----------------------
                                                 Shares        Amount          Shares         Amount         Shares        Amount
                                                --------     ----------        -------       --------       --------     ----------
<S>                                             <C>          <C>               <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
Issuance of convertible preferred
  stock, net of issuance cost through
  December  31, 2000 .....................        27,649    $ 6,801,730             --    $        --        477,081    $ 4,978,505
Issuance of Series A convertible
  preferred stock and warrants to
  purchase 14,191 shares of Series A
  convertible preferred stock in
  exchange for convertible
  promissory notes and accrued
  interest through
  December 31, 2000 ......................       625,845      1,199,536             --             --             --             --
Issuance of convertible preferred
  stock for services rendered, and
  license agreement through
  December 31, 2000 ......................        50,110        173,198             --             --             --             --
Issuance of Series B convertible
  preferred stock in exchange for
  convertible promissory notes ...........            --             --         12,750        114,000             --             --
Non-cash preferred dividends .............            --      1,448,505             --             --             --             --
Conversion of preferred stock,
  including dividends, to common
  stock through December 31, 2000 ........      (703,604)    (9,622,969)       (12,750)      (114,000)      (477,081)    (4,978,505)
Issuance of warrants in connection
  with notes payable in financing ........            --             --             --             --             --             --
Issuance of common stock in
  connection with private placement
  of common stock in July 1997, net
  of issuance cost .......................            --             --             --             --             --             --
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the public offering of common
   stock in November 1997, net of
   issuance cost .........................            --             --             --             --             --             --
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the acquisition of Neptune
   Pharmaceutical ........................            --             --             --             --             --             --
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with IPO in August 1995 ...............            --             --             --             --             --             --
Issuance of common stock for cash
   through December 31,  2000 ............            --             --             --             --             --             --
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Accumulated      Deficit
                                                                                       Other       Accumulated
                                                           Common Stock             Comprehensive   During the          Total
                                                       ---------------------          Income       Development     Shareholders'
                                                       Shares         Amount           (Loss)          Stage       Equity (Deficit)
                                                       ------         ------           ------          -----       ----------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>
Issuance of convertible preferred
  stock, net of issuance cost
  through December 31, 2000 ......................          --   $         --        $         --    $         --    $ 11,780,235
Issuance of Series A convertible
  preferred stock and warrants to
  purchase 14,191 shares of Series A
  convertible preferred stock in
  exchange for convertible
  promissory notes and accrued
  interest through
  December 31, 2000 ..............................           6             --   --             --              --       1,199,536
Issuance of convertible preferred stock
   for services rendered, and license
   agreement through December 31, 2000 ...........          --             --                  --              --         173,198
Issuance of Series B convertible preferred
   stock in exchange for convertible
   promissory notes ..............................          --             --                  --              --         114,000
Non-cash preferred dividends .....................          --             --                  --      (1,448,505)             --
Conversion of preferred stock, including
   dividends, to common stock through
   December 31, 2000 .............................   3,014,644     14,715,474                  --              --              --
Issuance of warrants in connection with
   notes payable in financing ....................          --        487,333                  --              --         487,333
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with private placement of common
   stock in July 1997, net of issuance
   cost ..........................................   1,547,827      3,814,741                  --              --       3,814,741
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the public offering of common
   stock in November 1997, net of
   issuance cost .................................   2,012,500     13,764,069                  --              --      13,764,069
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the acquisition of Neptune
   Pharmaceutical ................................     462,809      3,842,968                  --              --       3,842,968
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with IPO in August 1995 .......................   1,322,500      6,383,785                  --              --       6,383,785
Issuance of common stock for cash
   through December 31,  2000 ....................     953,400        126,499                  --              --         126,499
</TABLE>

                                      F-6
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

      Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Series A Convertible      Series B Convertible      Series C Convertible
                                                               Preferred Stock           Preferred Stock           Preferred Stock
                                                             -------------------       -------------------       -------------------
                                                             Shares       Amount       Shares       Amount       Shares       Amount
                                                             ------       ------       ------       ------       ------       ------
<S>                                                            <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Issuance of common stock for
  services rendered through
  December 31, 2000 ..................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Issuance of common stock in
  connection with the private
  placement of common stock in
  July 1999, net of issuance cost ....................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Issuance of common stock in
  connection with the private
  placement of common stock in
  October 2000, net of issuance
  cost of $22,527 ....................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Repurchase of common shares in 1992 ..................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Issuance of common stock in
  exchange for notes payable .........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Compensation expense related to the
  extension of option exercise periods ...............         --           --           --           --           --           --
Exercise of warrants to purchase
  common stock through December 31, 2000 .............         --           --           --           --           --           --
Exercise of options to purchase
  common stock through December 31, 2000 .............         --           --           --           --           --           --
Unrealized loss in investments
  through December 31, 2000 ..........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Fair value of warrants issued
  in Quay acquisition ................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Common stock issued in connection
  with Quay acquisition ..............................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Compensation expense related
  to warrants and options granted
  to non-employees ...................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Foreign currency translation .........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Net loss for the period June 26, 1989
  (inception) to December 31, 2000 ...................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Total Comprehensive Loss
  through December 31, 2000 ..........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
                                                        ---------   ----------  -----------  -----------   ----------   ----------
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Accumulated      Deficit
                                                                                       Other       Accumulated
                                                           Common Stock             Comprehensive   During the          Total
                                                       ---------------------          Income       Development     Shareholders'
                                                       Shares         Amount           (Loss)          Stage       Equity (Deficit)
                                                       ------         ------           ------          -----       ----------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>
Issuance of common stock for
  services rendered through
  December 31, 2000 ...........................         269,116           24,261               --               --           24,261
Issuance of common stock in
  connection with the private
  placement of common stock in
  July 1999, net of issuance cost .............       1,616,000       10,037,662               --               --       10,037,662
Issuance of common stock in
  connection with the private
  placement of common stock in
  October 2000, net of issuance
  cost of $22,527 .............................       1,500,000       11,602,473               --               --       11,602,473
Repurchase of common shares in 1992 ...........          (3,586)            (324)              --               --             (324)
Issuance of common stock in
  exchange for notes payable ..................          42,960          268,500               --               --          268,500
Compensation expense related to the
  extension of option exercise periods ........              --          338,481               --               --          338,481
Exercise of warrants to purchase
  common stock through December 31, 2000 ......          59,086          918,479               --               --          918,479
Exercise of options to purchase
  common stock through December 31, 2000 ......         371,574        1,342,291               --               --        1,342,291
Unrealized loss in investments
  through December 31, 2000 ...................              --               --          (27,270)              --          (27,270)
Fair value of warrants issued
  in Quay acquisition .........................              --          489,477               --               --          489,477
Common stock issued in connection
  with Quay acquisition .......................         169,224          977,105               --               --          977,105
Compensation expense related
  to warrants and options granted
  to non-employees ............................              --          601,748               --               --          601,748
Foreign currency translation ..................              --               --           (1,537)              --           (1,537)
Net loss for the period June 26, 1989
  (inception) to December 31, 2000 ............              --               --               --      (49,463,320)     (49,463,320)
                                                                                                                        -----------
Total Comprehensive Loss
  through December 31, 2000 ...................              --               --               --               --      (49,492,127)
                                                      ---------       ----------      -----------      -----------       ----------
</TABLE>
                                      F-7
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

      Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Series A Convertible      Series B Convertible      Series C Convertible
                                                               Preferred Stock           Preferred Stock           Preferred Stock
                                                             -------------------       -------------------       -------------------
                                                             Shares       Amount       Shares       Amount       Shares       Amount
                                                             ------       ------       ------       ------       ------       ------
<S>                                                            <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Balances at December 31, 2000 ........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock .............................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Exercise of warrants to purchase common
   stock .............................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Compensation expense related to
   warrants and options granted to
   non-employees .....................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Issuance of common stock in connection
    with the private placement of
    common stock in June 2001, net of
    issuance costs of $184,795 .......................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Common stock issued in connection with
   Vaxis acquisition .................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the achievement of Neptune
   milestones ........................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Unrealized gain/(loss) on investments ................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Foreign currency translation .........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Net loss .............................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Total Comprehensive Loss .............................         --           --           --           --           --           --
                                                             ------       ------       ------       ------       ------       ------
Balances at December 31, 2001 ........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock .............................................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the private placement of common
   stock in November 2002, net of
   issuance costs of $275,000 ........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Compensation expense related to stock
   option modifications (restated) ...................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Compensation expense for options
   related to non-employees ..........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ................         --           --           --           --           --           --
Foreign currency translation .........................         --           --           --           --           --           --
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Accumulated     Deficit
                                                                                          Other      Accumulated          Total
                                                               Common Stock           Comprehensive   During the       Shareholders'
                                                      --------------------------          Income      Development         Equity
                                                        Shares          Amount            (Loss)         Stage          (Deficit)
                                                      ----------      ----------         -------      -----------       ----------
<S>                                                   <C>             <C>                <C>          <C>               <C>
Balances at December 31, 2000 ...................     13,838,053      69,735,022         (28,807)     (50,911,825)      18,794,390
Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock ........................................         60,803         203,437              --               --          203,437
Exercise of warrants to purchase common
   stock ........................................         12,000          48,000              --               --           48,000
Compensation expense related to
   warrants and options granted to
   non-employees ................................             --         349,515              --               --          349,515
Issuance of common stock in connection
    with the private placement of
    common stock in June 2001, net of
    issuance costs of $184,795 ..................      2,747,143      15,199,206              --               --       15,199,206
Common stock issued in connection with
   Vaxis acquisition ............................        533,612       3,852,631              --               --        3,852,631
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the achievement of Neptune
   milestones ...................................        104,113         750,000              --               --          750,000
Unrealized gain/(loss) on investments ...........             --              --         130,655               --          130,655
Foreign currency translation ....................             --              --         (18,390)              --          (18,390)
Net loss ........................................             --              --              --      (19,464,723)     (19,464,723)
                                                                                                                       -----------
Total Comprehensive Loss ........................             --              --              --               --      (19,352,458)
                                                      ----------      ----------         -------      -----------       ----------
Balances at December 31, 2001 ...................     17,295,724      90,137,811          83,458      (70,376,548)      19,844,721
Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock ........................................        156,632         454,983              --               --          454,983
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the private placement of common
   stock in November 2002, net of
   issuance costs of $275,000 ...................      2,200,000       5,225,000              --               --        5,225,000
Compensation expense related to stock
   option modifications (restated) ..............             --         249,746              --               --          249,746
Compensation expense for options
   related to non-employees .....................             --          72,224              --               --           72,224
Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ...........             --              --         (82,916)              --          (82,916)
Foreign currency translation ....................             --              --          11,289               --           11,289
</TABLE>


                                      F-8
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

      Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Series A             Series B          Series C
                                         Convertible          Convertible       Convertible
                                       Preferred Stock      Preferred Stock    Preferred Stock                Common Stock
                                      -----------------   -----------------   -----------------         ------------------------
                                      Shares     Amount   Shares     Amount   Shares     Amount         Shares            Amount
                                      ------     ------   ------     ------   ------     ------         ------            ------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>               <C>
Net loss (restated) .............       --         --       --         --       --         --                 --                 --
Total Comprehensive Loss
  (restated) ....................       --         --       --         --       --         --                 --                 --
                                       ---       ----      ---       ----      ---       ----       ------------       ------------
Balances at December 31, 2002
  (restated) ....................       --         --       --         --       --         --         19,652,356         96,139,764
Exercise of options to purchase
  common stock ..................       --         --       --         --       --         --            273,196            537,700
Compensation expense for options
  related to non-employees ......       --         --       --         --       --         --                 --            153,784
Issuance of shares to CEO upon
  renewal of employment
  contract ......................       --         --       --         --       --         --            107,118            425,000
Issuance of common stock for
  services ......................       --         --       --         --       --         --             12,330             50,000
Financing fees ..................       --         --       --         --       --         --                 --            (12,264)
Changes in unrealized gain (loss)
  on investments ................       --         --       --         --       --         --                 --                 --
Gain on foreign currency
  translation ...................       --         --       --         --       --         --                 --                 --
Net loss ........................       --         --       --         --       --         --                 --                 --
Total Comprehensive Loss ........       --         --       --         --       --         --                 --                 --
                                       ---       ----      ---       ----      ---       ----       ------------       ------------
Balances December 31, 2003 ......       --       $ --       --       $ --       --       $ --         20,045,000       $ 97,293,984
                                       ===       ====      ===       ====      ===       ====       ============       ============
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Accumulated                Deficit
                                                                      Other                 Accumulated                   Total
                                                                  Comprehensive              During the                Shareholders'
                                                                      Income                 Development                  Equity
                                                                      (Loss)                    Stage                    (Deficit)
                                                                   ------------              ------------              ------------
<S>                                                                <C>                       <C>                       <C>
Net loss (restated) ..................................                       --               (15,240,602)              (15,240,602)
                                                                                                                       -------------
Total Comprehensive Loss (restated) ..................                       --                        --               (15,312,229)
                                                                   ------------              ------------              ------------
Balances at December 31, 2002 (restated) .............                   11,831               (85,617,150)               10,534,445
Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock .............................................                       --                        --                   537,700
Compensation expense for options related
   to non-employees ..................................                       --                        --                   153,784
Issuance of shares to CEO upon renewal
   of employment contract ............................                       --                        --                   425,000
Issuance of common stock for sevices .................                       --                        --                    50,000
Financing fees .......................................                       --                        --                   (12,264)
Changes in unrealized gain (loss) on investments .....                     (424)                       --                      (424)
Gain on foreign currency translation .................                  263,448                        --                   263,448
Net loss .............................................                       --               (13,532,148)              (13,532,148)
                                                                                                                       -------------
Total Comprehensive Loss .............................                       --                        --               (13,259,611)
                                                                   ------------              ------------              ------------
Balances December 31, 2003 ...........................             $    274,855              $(99,149,298)             $ (1,580,459)
                                                                   ============              ============              ============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes

                                      F-9
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                      Period from
                                                                                                                     June 26, 1989
                                                                                                                      (inception)
                                                                           Years ended December 31,                     through
                                                              --------------------------------------------------      December 31,
                                                                  2003              2002                2001              2003
                                                              ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
                                                                                  (Restated,
                                                                                  see note 13)
<S>                                                           <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>
Operating activities
Net loss ...............................................      $(13,532,148)      $(15,240,602)      $(19,464,723)      $(97,700,793)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided
  by (used in) operating activities:
Acquired in-process technology .........................                --                 --          3,507,134          7,350,102
Depreciation and amortization ..........................           369,590            484,028            530,643          2,598,706
Intangible assets amortization .........................           193,409            325,644            359,673          1,177,077
Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets ................           666,875            (86,476)                --            580,399
Non-cash equity compensation expense ...................           578,784            321,970            349,516          2,190,499
Amortization of discount on notes payable and
  deferred financing costs .............................                --                 --                 --             24,261
Issuance of common stock for services ..................            50,000                 --                 --          1,040,918
Issuance of common stock for services rendered,
  interest, and Neptune milestones .....................                --                 --            750,000            567,503
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets ...........           100,190            229,032             18,732           (608,122)
   Other assets ........................................                --            250,000                 --            250,000
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ............           (90,621)           112,026            450,023          1,914,658
   Other long term liabilities .........................                --            231,793            484,826            716,619
   Deferred revenue ....................................          (832,000)        15,000,000                 --         14,168,000
   Accrued compensation and related expenses ...........           (10,936)           (21,689)             5,541            111,989
                                                              ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Net cash provided by (used in) operating
  activities ...........................................       (12,506,857)         1,605,726        (13,008,635)       (65,618,184)
                                                              ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------

Investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment ....................          (362,335)          (733,175)          (150,530)        (5,199,755)
Purchases of investments ...............................       (11,019,220)                --        (16,789,905)       (98,909,574)
Sales of investments ...................................         5,334,000          6,706,769          7,500,000         43,509,646
Maturities of investments ..............................         4,000,000          2,000,000          4,980,239         51,617,759
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment ...........            50,337            187,337                 --            237,674
Acquisition of Vaxis and Quay ..........................                --                 --           (142,556)          (511,556)
                                                              ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing
  activities ...........................................        (1,997,218)         8,160,931         (4,602,752)        (9,255,806)
                                                              ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------

Financing activities
Proceeds from notes payable ............................                --                 --                 --          8,047,424
Proceeds from restricted cash ..........................                --            386,499                 --            386,499
Repayment of notes payable .............................                --                 --           (882,070)        (6,610,608)
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock .............           525,436          5,679,983         15,450,643         69,636,987
Other assets ...........................................                --                 --                 --           (613,999)
Issuance of convertible preferred stock, net of
  issuance costs .......................................                --                 --                 --         11,757,735
Deferred financing costs ...............................                --                 --                 --            (80,170)
                                                              ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Net cash provided by financing activities ..............           525,436          6,066,482         14,568,573         82,523,868
                                                              ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ...       (13,978,639)        15,833,139         (3,042,814)         7,649,878
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period .........        21,628,517          5,795,378          8,838,192                 --
                                                              ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period ...............      $  7,649,878       $ 21,628,517       $  5,795,378       $  7,649,878
                                                              ============       ============       ============       ============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes

                                      F-10
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                        Period from
                                                                                                                       June 26, 1989
                                                                                                                        (inception)
                                                                                                                          through
                                                                                                                        December 31,
                                                                            2003           2002             2001           2003
                                                                            ----           ----             ----           ----
                                                                                        (Restated,
                                                                                       see note 13)
<S>                                                                       <C>          <C>              <C>              <C>
Supplemental cash flow information
Interest paid ......................................................      $    --      $    27,136      $    27,281      $   639,987
                                                                          =======      ===========      ===========      ===========

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions:
Issuance of common stock in connection with acquired-in-process
   technology ......................................................      $    --      $        --      $ 3,507,134      $ 7,350,102
                                                                          =======      ===========      ===========      ===========
Conversion of preferred stock to common stock ......................      $    --      $        --      $        --      $14,715,474
                                                                          =======      ===========      ===========      ===========
Issuance of common stock for notes payable .........................      $    --      $        --      $        --      $   277,250
                                                                          =======      ===========      ===========      ===========
Issuance of warrants in connection with notes payable financing ....      $    --      $        --      $        --      $   487,333
                                                                          =======      ===========      ===========      ===========
Issuance of convertible preferred stock for notes payable ..........      $    --      $        --      $        --      $ 1,268,316
                                                                          =======      ===========      ===========      ===========
Issuance of common stock for milestone payments ....................      $    --      $        --      $   750,000      $   750,000
                                                                          =======      ===========      ===========      ===========
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1.       Accounting Policies

Description of Business and Principles of Consolidation

         The consolidated  financial  statements include the accounts of Cellegy
Pharmaceuticals,  Inc.  and its  subsidiaries,  Cellegy  Australia  Pty Ltd  and
Cellegy Canada Inc. (collectively the "Company").  All significant inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

         Cellegy  Pharmaceuticals,  Inc. was  incorporated in California in June
1989 and is a development  stage company.  Since its inception,  the Company has
engaged  primarily in research and clinical  development  activities  associated
with its current and potential future products and its transdermal drug delivery
and  topical  formulation  expertise.  The  Company  has  conducted  a number of
clinical  trials using its products,  including the  preparation of manufactured
clinical  materials. A number of sponsored, external research programs have been
undertaken.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

         At December 31, 2003, the Company had a deficit  accumulated during the
development stage of $99.1 million.  The Company expects negative cash flow from
operations  to  continue  for at  least  the next  two  years,  with the need to
continue or expand their development programs and to commercialize products once
regulatory  approvals have been obtained.  Management believes that its existing
cash balances  will be  sufficient  to meet the Company's  capital and operating
requirements through December 31, 2004.

         However,  expenditures  required  to achieve the  Company's  growth and
profitability  in the long term may be greater  than  projected or the cash flow
generated from operations may be less than projected. As a result, the Company's
long-term  capital  needs may require  the Company to seek to obtain  additional
funds through equity or debt financing, collaborative or other arrangements with
other  companies,  bank financing and other  sources.  There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain  additional debt or equity  financing on
terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. If adequate funds are not available,
the Company  could be  required to delay  development  or  commercialization  of
certain  products,  to license  to third  parties  the  rights to  commercialize
certain  products  that  the  Company  would  otherwise  seek  to  commercialize
internally, or to reduce resources devoted to product development.  Accordingly,
the failure of the Company to obtain  sufficient  funds on acceptable terms when
needed could have a material adverse effect on the Company's  ability to achieve
its longer term business objectives.

Use of Estimates

         The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the  United  States  of  America
requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported
amounts of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosures  of  contingent  assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and the reported amounts of
revenue and expenses  during the reporting  period.  Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition and Research and Development Expenses

         Revenues related to cost  reimbursement  provisions  under  development
contracts are recognized as the costs associated with the projects are incurred.
Revenues related to substantive and at risk  non-refundable  milestone  payments
specified  under  development  contracts are  recognized as the  milestones  are
achieved.  The Company may receive certain United States  government grants that
support the Company's research effort in defined research projects. These grants
generally provide for reimbursement of approved costs incurred as defined in the
various  grants.  Revenues  associated with these grants are recognized as costs
under each grant are incurred.  Revenues related to product sales are recognized
upon shipment when title to goods and risk of loss have been  transferred to the
customer. There is no right of return for sales of our skin care products.

         Research and  development  costs are expensed as incurred.  The type of
costs included in research and  development  expenses are salaries and benefits,
laboratory supplies,  external research programs,  clinical studies,  consulting
and other expenses  associated with regulatory filings and internally  allocated
costs such as rent, supplies and utilities.

         Clinical  trial  expenses  are payable to clinical  sites and  clinical
research  organizations.  Expenses for both of these groups are accrued based on
actual  activity  and on such  factors as the number of  subjects  enrolled  and
number of subjects that have completed certain treatment phases for each trial.

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments

         Cash equivalents  consist of highly liquid  financial  instruments with
original maturities of three months or less. The carrying value of cash and cash
equivalents  approximates  fair value at December 31, 2003 and 2002. The Company
considers  all  its   investments  as   available-for-sale   and  reports  these
investments at estimated fair market value using available  market  information.
Unrealized  gains or losses on  available-for-sale  securities  are  included in
shareholders'  equity (deficit) as other comprehensive income (loss) until their
disposition. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification
method.  Realized  gains or losses and declines in value judged to be other than
temporary on  available-for-sale  securities are included in interest income and
other, net.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


         The Company is subject to credit risk from its  portfolio of marketable
securities.  By  policy,  the  Company  invests  only in  highly  rated,  liquid
securities and restricts  amounts invested in such securities by investment type
and by issuer, except for securities issued by the United States government.

Property and Equipment

         Property   and   equipment   are   stated  at  cost  less   accumulated
depreciation.  Depreciation  and  amortization  of  property  and  equipment  is
computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated useful lives of the
respective assets.

                                                                Useful Life
                                                                -----------
              Furniture and Fixtures                              3 years
              Office Equipment                                    3 years
              Laboratory Equipment                                5 years

         Amortization  for leasehold  improvements  is taken over the shorter of
the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term. Upon sale or
retirement,  the assets' cost and related  accumulated  depreciation are removed
from the accounts and only related gain or loss is reflected in operations.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

         Goodwill  that is related to the  purchase of Quay  Pharmaceuticals  in
June  2000,  represents  the  excess  purchase  price over the fair value of net
assets  acquired and was being  amortized over 10 years using the  straight-line
method.  The  carrying  value  of  goodwill  is based  on  management's  current
assessment of recoverability  using objective and subjective factors.  Effective
January 1,  2002,  the  Company no longer  amortizes  the  remaining  balance of
goodwill.  The Company performed impairment tests of goodwill upon transition to
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  ("SFAS") No. 142,  "Goodwill  and
Other  Intangible  Assets",  and no impairment was identified at that time or in
conjunction with the annual  impairment test for fiscal years 2002 and 2003. The
Company will  continue to evaluate  goodwill for  impairment  on an annual basis
each year and  whenever  events and changes in  circumstances  suggest  that the
carrying amount may not be recoverable.  An impairment loss, if needed, would be
recognized  based on the difference  between the carrying value of the asset and
its estimated fair value,  which would be determined based on either  discounted
cash flows or other appropriate fair value methods.

         SFAS No. 142 also requires that  intangible  assets with definite lives
be amortized over their estimated  useful lives and reviewed for impairment when
events or changes in  circumstances  indicate  that the carrying  amount of such
assets may not be recoverable. The Company currently amortizes intangible assets
on a  straight-line  basis  over their  estimated  useful  lives of five  years.
Amortization  recorded  to  date  as of  December  31,  2003  was  approximately
$1,177,000.

Reclassification

         Certain  prior  year  balances  have been  reclassified  to  conform to
current year presentation.

Foreign Currency Translation

         The  foreign  subsidiaries   functional   currencies  are  their  local
currencies.  The  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  translating  the  foreign
subsidiaries' financial statements into United States dollars have been reported
in other comprehensive income (loss).

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

         Comprehensive   income   (loss)   consists   of  net  loss  and   other
comprehensive income (loss). Accumulated other comprehensive income presented in
the consolidated  balance sheets consists of the accumulated net unrealized gain
(loss)  on  available-for-sale  investments  and  foreign  currency  translation
adjustments.

Stock-Based Compensation

         The Company  accounts for its stock option  grants in  accordance  with
Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion No. 25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to
Employees"  ("APB 25") and related  Interpretations.  The Company has elected to
follow the disclosure-only  alternative  prescribed by SFAS No. 123, "Accounting
for  Stock-Based  Compensation",  as  amended by SFAS No.  148  "Accounting  for
Stock-Based  Compensation-Transition and Disclosure".  Under APB 25, because the
exercise  price of the Company's  employee stock options equals the market price
of the  underlying  stock on the  date of  grant,  no  compensation  expense  is
recognized.   Compensation  for  options  granted  to  non-employees   has  been
determined  in  accordance  with SFAS No.  123 and  Emerging  Issues  Task Force
("EITF") No. 96-18,  "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other
Than Employees for Acquiring or in Conjunction  with Selling Goods or Services,"
at the fair value of the equity instruments issued.

         The  Company  has  elected to follow  APB  Opinion  No. 25 and  related
interpretations  in accounting for its stock options since the alternative  fair
market value  accounting  provided for under SFAS No. 123 requires use of option
valuation models that were not developed for use in valuing stock options. Under
APB Opinion No. 25, if the  exercise  price of the  Company's  stock  options is
equal to the  market  price of the  underlying  stock on the date of  grant,  no
compensation expense is recognized related to employee or director grants.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

         Pro forma information  regarding net loss and net loss per common share
is required by SFAS No. 123, which  requires that the  information be determined
as if the Company has accounted  for its common stock options  granted under the
fair market  value  method.  The fair market  value of options  granted has been
estimated at the date of the grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.

         Had compensation cost for the Company's stock-based  compensation plans
been determined in a manner consistent with the fair value approach described in
SFAS No.  123,  the  Company's  pro  forma  net  loss and net loss per  share as
reported would have been increased to the pro forma amounts indicated below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                           --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              2003                   2002                  2001
                                                                           ------------          ------------          ------------
                                                                                                  (Restated,
                                                                                                 see note 13)
<S>                                                                        <C>                   <C>                   <C>
Net loss as reported .............................................         $(13,532,148)         $(15,240,602)         $(19,464,723)
Add: Stock-based employee compensation costs included in
   reported net loss .............................................              425,000               249,746                    --
Deduct: Stock-based employee compensation costs determined
   under the fair value based method for all awards ..............           (1,839,447)           (2,227,933)           (2,687,751)
                                                                           ------------          ------------          ------------
Net loss, pro forma ..............................................         $(14,946,595)         $(17,218,789)         $(22,152,474)
                                                                           ============          ============          ============
Basic and diluted net loss per share, as reported ................         $      (0.68)         $      (0.86)         $      (1.26)
Basic and diluted net loss per share, pro forma ..................         $      (0.75)         $      (0.98)         $      (1.43)
</TABLE>


         The  Company  valued  its  options  on the  date  of  grant  using  the
Black-Scholes valuation model with the following weighted average assumptions:

                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                            --------------------------------
                                            2003          2002          2001
                                            ----          ----          ----
Risk-free interest rate                     2.9%          2.5%          3.5%
Dividend yield                                0%            0%            0%
Volatility                                  0.98          1.06          0.60
Expected life of options in years           4.3           4.3           4.3


         The weighted average per share grant date fair value of options granted
during the years ended December 31, 2003,  2002,  and 2001 was $3.28,  $3.80 and
$5.33, respectively.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

         In November  2002,  the EITF  reached a consensus  on Issue No.  00-21,
"Accounting for Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables." EITF Issue No.
00-21  provides  guidance on how to account for  arrangements  that  involve the
delivery or  performance  of multiple  products,  services  and/or rights to use
assets.   The  provisions  of  EITF  Issue  No.  00-21  will  apply  to  revenue
arrangements  entered into in fiscal periods  beginning after June 15, 2003. The
adoption of EITF Issue No. 00-21 did not have a material impact on the Company's
financial statements.

         In January 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 ("FIN 46"),
"Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities,  an Interpretation of ARB No. 51."
FIN 46 requires  certain  variable  interest  entities to be consolidated by the
primary  beneficiary of the entity if the equity  investors in the entity do not
have the  characteristics  of a  controlling  financial  interest or do not have
sufficient  equity at risk for the  entity to  finance  its  activities  without
additional  subordinated  financial support from other parties.  During December
2003,  the FASB issued FIN 46R, a revision  to FIN 46. FIN 46R  provides a broad
deferral  of the latest date by which all public  entities  must apply FIN 46 to
certain variable interest  entities,  to the first reporting period ending after
March 15,  2004.  The Company  does not expect the  adoption of FIN 46 to have a
material impact on its financial statements.

         In May 2003,  the FASB  issued SFAS No.  150,  "Accounting  for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity." SFAS
No. 150 establishes  standards for how an issuer classifies and measures certain
financial  instruments with  characteristics  of both liabilities and equity. It
requires that an issuer classify a financial instrument that is within its scope
as a liability or an asset in some circumstances. Many of those instruments were
previously  classified  as  equity.  SFAS No.  150 is  effective  for  financial
instruments  entered  into or modified  after May 31,  2003,  and  otherwise  is
effective at the beginning of the first interim period  beginning after June 15,
2003. It is to be implemented by reporting the cumulative  effect of a change in
an accounting  principle for financial  instruments  created before the issuance
date of SFAS No. 150 and still  existing at the beginning of the interim  period
of adoption.  While the effective  date of certain  elements of SFAS No. 150 has
been deferred,  the Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 150 to have
a material impact on its financial statements.

         In December 2003, the SEC issued Staff Accounting  Bulletin ("SAB") No.
104,  "Revenue  Recognition,"  which  codifies,  revises  and  rescinds  certain
sections  of  SAB  No.  101,  "Revenue  Recognition,"  in  order  to  make  this
interpretive  guidance  consistent  with current  authoritative  accounting  and
auditing  guidance and SEC rules and  regulations.  The changes noted in SAB No.
104 did not have a  material  effect  on the  Company's  financial  position  or
results of operations.

Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share

         Basic net loss per common share is computed using the weighted  average
number of common  shares  outstanding  during the  period.  Diluted net loss per
common  share  incorporates  the  incremental  shares  issued  upon the  assumed
exercise of stock options and warrants,  when  dilutive.  There is no difference
between  basic and  diluted  net loss per  common  share,  as  presented  in the
statement of operations, because all options and warrants are anti-dilutive. The
total number of shares excluded was 6,426,899,  1,864,551, and 5,041,375 for the
years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

2.       Investments

         At December 31, 2003 and 2002, investments consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     2003                                                2002
                                ----------------------------------------------        ----------------------------------------------
                                                     Gross                                               Gross
                                                   Unrealized                                          Unrealized
                                   Cost              Gains          Fair Value           Cost             Gains           Fair Value
                                ----------        ----------        ----------        ----------        ----------        ----------
<S>                             <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Corporate notes ........        $3,686,800        $      119        $3,686,919        $2,001,580        $      543        $2,002,123
                                ==========        ==========        ==========        ==========        ==========        ==========
</TABLE>

         The  Company's   investments  in  corporate  notes  of  $1,433,000  and
$2,253,000 will mature in April and July, 2004, respectively.

3.       Property and Equipment, net

Property and equipment, net consist of the following:

                                                           December 31,
                                                    2003                2002
                                                -----------         -----------
Furniture and fixtures .................        $   185,815         $   184,305
Office equipment .......................            238,550             238,822
Laboratory equipment ...................            874,753             978,485
Leasehold improvements .................          2,063,636           2,919,390
                                                -----------         -----------
                                                  3,362,754           4,321,002
Less: accumulated depreciation
  and amortization .....................         (1,471,028)         (1,704,809)
                                                -----------         -----------
                                                $ 1,891,726         $ 2,616,193
                                                ===========         ===========


4.       Lease Commitments and Contingencies

         The  Company  leases  its  facilities  and  certain   equipment   under
non-cancelable  operating  leases.  Rent expense is recorded on a  straight-line
basis over the term of the lease.  During the third quarter of 2002, the Company
subleased  a  portion  of  its   facility.   Rental  income  is  recorded  on  a
straight-line  basis  over  the  term  of the  sublease.  Future  minimum  lease
payments,  net of future  minimum  sublease  income at December 31, 2003, are as
follows:

                                                                  Future Minimum
                               Lease             Sublease             Lease
Years ending December 31,   Commitments           Income           Commitments
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2004                        $1,337,194         $(1,176,166)          $161,028
2005                         1,377,005          (1,211,451)           165,554
2006                         1,414,747          (1,247,795)           166,952
2007                         1,432,716          (1,285,228)           147,488
2008                         1,475,700          (1,099,341)           376,359
                            ----------         -----------         ----------
                            $7,037,362         $(6,019,981)        $1,017,381
                            ==========         ===========         ==========

         Rent  expense,  net of sublease  income,  was  $335,661,  $891,620  and
$1,653,337 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001,  respectively.
The Company received $148,000,  $405,000 and $897,000 in sublease income,  which
is reflected in other income (expense), during the year ended December 31, 2003,
2002 and 2001, respectively.

         Restricted  cash at  December  31,  2003  and  2002  was  $227,500  and
represents  amounts  that  secure a letter of credit  related  to the  Company's
leases.

         Litigation

         In December 2002,  Cellegy entered into an exclusive  license agreement
with PDI, Inc.  ("PDI") to  commercialize  Fortigel in North  American  markets.
Under  the  terms  of the  agreement,  PDI's  Pharmaceutical  Products  Group is
responsible for the marketing and sale of Fortigel,  if approved,  utilizing its
existing sales and marketing infrastructure. Cellegy received a payment of $15.0
million upon

                                      F-16
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

signing the  agreement  and is  entitled  to receive a milestone  payment on FDA
approval  and  royalties  following  a  successful  product  launch.  Cellegy is
responsible for supplying  finished  product to PDI through  Cellegy's  contract
manufacturer.  In July  2003,  the FDA  issued a Not  Approvable  letter for our
Fortigel NDA. In October 2003,  Cellegy  announced  that it received a mediation
notice from PDI.  The dispute  resolution  provisions  of the license  agreement
require  non-binding  mediation  before either party may initiate  further legal
proceedings.

         The  communication  asserted  several claims relating to the agreement,
including Cellegy's breach of several provisions of the agreement and failure to
disclose  relevant  facts,  and PDI claimed  several  kinds of alleged  damages,
including  return of the initial  license fee that PDI paid to Cellegy  when the
agreement  was  signed.  The  parties   subsequently   conducted   mediation  as
contemplated by the agreement but did not reach any resolution of the claims.

         In December  2003,  Cellegy and PDI both  initiated  legal  proceedings
against  each other  relating  to the  agreement.  Cellegy  filed a  declaratory
judgment action in federal district court in San Francisco  against PDI, and PDI
initiated an action in federal  district court in New York against  Cellegy.  In
its action,  Cellegy seeks,  among other things, a declaration that it has fully
complied  with the license  agreement  and that PDI's claims are without  merit.
There can be no  assurances  regarding  the  outcome of either  proceeding.  The
Company  could be  required  to devote  significant  time and  resources  to the
proceedings,  and an adverse outcome could have a material adverse impact on our
business and financial position.  Such potential loss is not estimatable at this
time.

5.       401(k) Plan

         The  Company  maintains  a savings and  retirement  plan under  Section
401(k) of the Internal  Revenue Code.  All employees are eligible to participate
on their first day of employment with the Company. Under the plan, employees may
contribute  up to 15% of salaries  per year  subject to  statutory  limits.  The
Company provides a matching  contribution equal to 25% of the employee's rate of
contribution,  up to a maximum  contribution rate of 4% of the employee's annual
salary. Expenses related to the plan for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002
and 2001 were not significant.

6.       Restructuring

         On July 23, 2002 and December 13, 2002 the Board of Directors  formally
adopted reduction in force programs  affecting  primarily research and marketing
functions.  The  reductions  resulted in a decrease of nine and five  employees,
respectively. During the third and fourth quarters of 2002, the Company recorded
severance and other related charges of $210,000 and $143,000,  respectively.  In
the fourth  quarter of 2002,  the Company  recorded a stock  based  compensation
charge of $250,000  related to the  extension of the exercise  period of certain
options held by terminated  employees.  All these amounts were paid and there is
no remaining accrual balance as of December 31, 2003.

7.       Acquisitions, Licenses and Other Agreements

Acquisitions

         In December 1997, the Company acquired patent and related  intellectual
property  rights  relating to Cellegesic  (the  "Agreement"),  a topical product
candidate  for the  treatment  of anal  fissures  and  hemorrhoids  from Neptune
Pharmaceuticals  Corporation ("Neptune").  Under the terms of the Agreement, the
Company  issued  429,752 shares of common stock to Neptune on December 31, 1997.
Upon the signing of a letter of intent on November 3, 1997,  the Company  issued
33,057 shares of common stock to Neptune.  The  Agreement  calls for a series of
additional  payments,  payable  in  shares  of  common  stock,  upon  successful
completion of various development  milestones.  Upon completion of milestones in
2001, the Company issued 104,113 shares of common stock valued at $750,000 which
has  been  recorded  to  research  and  development   expenses.   The  remaining
milestones,  if  achieved,  would become  payable  over the next several  years.
Depending on several  factors,  including  the market price of the common stock,
such  payments,  which are fixed  based on the  Agreement,  could  result in the
issuance  of a  significant  number of shares  of common  stock or cash.  Future
potential  milestones,  if all paid in Cellegy  common stock could result in the
issuance of up to an additional  1,285,000  shares of Cellegy common stock based
on the closing  price of Cellegy stock at time of issuance.  The Agreement  does
not provide for the payment by the Company of any future  product  royalties  in
connection with sales of Cellegesic.

         In June 2000, Cellegy acquired all assets of Quay  Pharmaceuticals  Pty
Ltd ("Quay"), an Australian  pharmaceutical company producing Rectogesic, a drug
similar to  Cellegesic.  The  acquired  assets  consisted  of Quay's  inventory,
purchased at Quay's cost at the time of  acquisition,  other tangible assets and
purchased  technology.  The aggregate purchase price of $1,835,000  included the
aggregate  value of the 169,224  shares of Cellegy  common  stock issued to Quay
with a value of $977,000,  warrants to purchase  171,146  shares of common stock
with a fair value of $489,000 and cash payments of $369,000.  The purchase price
was  allocated to the net tangible  assets of $97,000,  purchased  technology of
$770,000, and goodwill of $968,000,  based on their estimated fair values on the
acquisition date.  Previously,  purchased  technology and goodwill was amortized
over three and ten years, respectively.  Following the adoption of SFAS No. 142,
the

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

goodwill was no longer  amortized as of January 1, 2002.  This  transaction  has
been  accounted for by the purchase  method of accounting and  accordingly,  the
approximated  purchase price,  has been allocated to the net assets acquired and
the  liabilities  assumed  based on the  estimated  fair  values  at the date of
acquisition,  with the excess of the purchase  price over assigned  asset values
recorded as goodwill.  The results of operating  the acquired  company have been
included  in  the  Company's   consolidated   financial   statements  since  the
acquisition date.

         On November 27, 2001, Cellegy acquired Vaxis  Therapeutics  Corporation
("Vaxis"), a private Canadian company. Vaxis, renamed Cellegy Canada, is a small
early stage  research and  development  entity with access to  scientists in the
areas of sexual  dysfunction,  peripheral  vascular  disorders  and nitric oxide
pharmacology.  The  acquisition  of this  research is in line with the Company's
goal of  expanding  its  pipeline of products and  protecting  its patents.  The
purchase  price of $4.1 million  consisted of 533,612 shares of common stock and
$142,000 in cash.  The  purchase  price was  allocated  as follows:  $350,000 to
intangible  assets,  $250,000  to  tangible  assets and  $3,500,000  to acquired
in-process  research and  development.  The acquired  technology was in an early
stage of development that, as of the acquisition date, technological feasibility
had not been reached and no alternative  use existed and therefore was expensed.
One of the assumptions  used in determining the purchase price  allocation was a
discount  rate of 37% on  probability  of expected  cash flows.  The  intangible
assets will be amortized over 5 years, the period of contractual obligation.

         The Vaxis purchase  agreement  contains  earn-out  provisions for seven
years  that are  based on  commercial  sales of any  products  developed  by the
Company or other revenues generated from the acquired  research.  Any contingent
consideration  paid in the future will be accounted for as a cost of earning the
related  revenues.  The results of operations of the acquired  company have been
included  in  the  Company's   consolidated   financial   statements  since  the
acquisition date.

         Accumulated amortization of the Vaxis intangible assets at December 31,
2003 was  $144,000.  The  expected  amortization  expense for Vaxis for the next
three years will be  approximately  $82,217 per year.  Amortization for Quay was
fully recognized in May 2003.

Other Agreements

            In August 2001,  Cellegy  announced a  comprehensive  agreement with
Ventiv Health, Inc.  ("Ventiv"),  a contract sales  organization.  Ventiv was to
provide certain sales and marketing  services relating to the anticipated launch
of Cellegesic.  In September 2002,  Cellegy and Ventiv terminated the Cellegesic
License Agreement based on the delay in  commercialization  of Cellegesic due to
the withdrawal of the NDA and the subsequent decision to conduct another Phase 3
clinical trial.

         In December 2002,  Cellegy  entered into a license  agreement with PDI,
Inc.  ("PDI")  granting  PDI the  exclusive  right to store,  promote,  sell and
distribute  Fortigel,  one of the Company's  products awaiting FDA approval,  in
North American markets.  Cellegy received an upfront payment of $15.0 million on
the  effective  date of December 31, 2002 with an  additional  of $10.0  million
payable  no later  than  thirty  days after the  Company  certifies  to PDI that
Fortigel  has  received  all FDA  approvals  required to  manufacture,  sell and
distribute  the  product in the United  States.  The Company  recorded  costs of
$947,000 to  selling,  general and  administrative  expenses  for the year ended
December 31, 2002 related to this  agreement.  If the $10.0  million  payment is
received,  the Company will incur additional financing costs of $600,000 payable
to an investment bank.  Under the PDI agreement,  the Company would also receive
royalties  each year until the  expiration  of the last patent right  related to
Fortigel of 20% - 30% of net sales and the Company would be reimbursed  for 110%
of burdened  costs for any product  supplied to PDI. The $15.0  million  upfront
payment was initially  included as deferred  revenue as of December 31, 2002 and
is being  recognized  as revenue over the 18 year term of the  agreement.  As of
December 31, 2003, total remaining  deferred revenue of $14.2 million relates to
this payment.

         In  October  2003,  Cellegy  received  mediation  notice  from PDI.  In
December 2003,  Cellegy and PDI initiated legal proceedings  against each other.
See also Note 4: "Litigation".

8.       Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)

Common Stock Private Placements

         In October  2000,  the  Company  completed a private  placement  of 1.5
million  shares  of  common  stock at a price of $7.75  per  share to a group of
institutional investors. Net proceeds were $11,602,473.

         In  June  2001,   the  Company   completed  a  private   placement   of
approximately  2.7 million shares of common stock at a price of $5.60 per share.
Participants included two existing investors, as well as five new investors. Net
proceeds were $15,199,206.

         In  November  2002,  the  Company  completed  a  private  placement  of
approximately  2.2 million  shares of common stock at a price of $2.50 per share
to a  single  investor,  John  M.  Gregory,  founder  and  former  CEO  of  King
Pharmaceuticals and currently managing partner of SJ Strategic  Investments LLC.
Net proceeds were $5,225,000.

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

Preferred Stock

         The Company's  Articles of  Incorporation  provide that the Company may
issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The Board
of Directors is authorized  to establish  from time to time the number of shares
to be included in, and the  designation  of, any such series and to determine or
alter the  rights,  preferences,  privileges,  and  restrictions  granted  to or
imposed upon any wholly  unissued  series of preferred  stock and to increase or
decrease  the number of shares of any such series  without  any further  vote or
action by the shareholders.

Stock Option Plans

         The Company has two stock option plans that were  approved by the Board
and the shareholders of the Company in 1995: the 1995 Equity Incentive Plan (the
"Plan") and the 1995 Directors' Stock Option Plan (the "Directors'  Plan"). Both
plans are administered by the Board.  Subject to the overall  supervision of the
Board, the Board has designated the Compensation  Committee as the administrator
of both plans.

         The Plan  provides  for the  grant  of  options  and  other  awards  to
employees,  directors  and  consultants.  Options  granted under the Plan may be
either  incentive stock options or nonqualified  stock options.  Incentive stock
options may be granted only to employees.  The Compensation Committee determines
who will  receive  options  or other  awards  under  the Plan and  their  terms,
including the exercise  price,  number of shares subject to the option or award,
and the vesting  and  exercisability  thereof.  Options  granted  under the Plan
generally  have a term of ten years  from the grant  date,  and  exercise  price
typically  is equal to the closing  price of the common stock on the grant date.
Options  typically vest over a three-year or four-year  period.  Options granted
under the Plan typically  expire if not exercised  within 90 days (or such other
period  not to exceed  five  years)  from the date on which the  optionee  is no
longer an employee,  director or consultant.  The vesting and  exercisability of
options may also be accelerated upon certain change of control events.

Equity Incentive Plan

         When the Plan was  established  in 1995, the Company  reserved  700,000
shares for issuance.  From 1996 to 2003, a total of 4,150,000  additional shares
were reserved for issuance under the Plan.

Activity under the Plan is summarized as follows:

                                                Shares              Weighted
                                                Under               Average
                                               Option            Exercise Price
                                               ------            --------------
Balance at January 1, 2001 ...............    2,150,641              $5.00
Granted ..................................      476,000              $7.96
Canceled .................................     (123,634)             $5.71
Exercised ................................      (60,803)             $3.35
                                             ----------              -----
Balance at December 31, 2001 .............    2,442,204              $5.59
Granted ..................................    1,898,789              $3.84
Canceled .................................     (221,869)             $5.97
Exercised ................................     (156,632)             $2.90
                                             ----------              -----
Balance at December 31, 2002 .............    3,962,492              $4.83
Granted ..................................      363,500              $3.05
Canceled .................................   (1,123,080)             $5.11
Exercised ................................     (273,196)             $1.97
                                             ----------              -----
Balance at December 31, 2003 .............    2,929,716              $4.77
                                             ==========

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

         At December 31, 2003,  options to purchase  2,173,078  shares of common
stock were vested and  exercisable  at  exercise  prices  ranging  from $1.80 to
$15.00 per share. At December 31, 2002 and 2001,  options to purchase  2,362,446
and 1,576,834 shares of common stock were vested and exercisable,  respectively.
At December 31, 2003,  882,850  shares of common stock were available for future
option grants under the Plan.


         The  following  table  summarizes   information   about  stock  options
outstanding and exercisable related to the Plan at December 31, 2003:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Options Outstanding                                      Options Vested
                                       --------------------------------------------------                -------------------------
                                                               Weighted           Weighted                                 Weighted
                                                                Average            Average                                  Average
                                      Number of                Remaining          Exercise              Number of           Exercise
Range of Exercise Prices               Options              Contractual Life        Price                Options             Price
------------------------               -------              ----------------        -----                -------             -----
<S>                                   <C>                      <C>                  <C>                 <C>                  <C>
   $1.80 - $3.90 ..................   1,538,836                7.5 years            $2.78               1,073,404            $2.87
   $4.00 - $6.50 ..................     691,180                4.2 years            $5.18                 626,608            $5.18
   $7.00 - $15.00 .................     699,700                6.1 years            $8.75                 473,066            $8.55
                                      ---------                                                         ---------
   Total ..........................   2,929,716                6.4 years            $4.77               2,173,078            $4.77
                                      =========                                                         =========
</TABLE>


Director's Stock Option Plan

         In 1995,  Cellegy  adopted the 1995  Directors'  Stock Option Plan (the
"Directors' Plan") to provide for the issuance of non-qualified stock options to
eligible  outside  Directors.  When the plan was  established,  Cellegy reserved
150,000  shares for issuance.  From 1996 to 2003, a total of 350,000 shares were
reserved for issuance under the Directors' Plan.

         The  Directors'  Plan  provides  for the grant of  initial  and  annual
non-qualified stock options to non-employee directors. Initial options vest over
a four year period and  subsequent  annual  options vest over three  years.  The
exercise price of options  granted under the Directors'  Plan is the fair market
value of the common stock on the grant date.  Options  generally expire 10 years
from  the  grant  date,  and  generally  expire  within  90 days of the date the
optionee is no longer a director.  The vesting and exercisability of options may
also be accelerated upon certain change of control events.

Activity under the Directors' Plan is summarized as follows:

                                               Shares               Weighted
                                               Under                 Average
                                               Option            Exercise Price
                                               ------            --------------
Balance at January 1, 2001 ...............    182,500                $5.01
Granted ..................................     46,000                $5.85
                                              -------
Balance at December 31, 2001 .............    228,500                $7.26
Granted ..................................     64,000                $2.56
                                              -------
Balance at December 31, 2002 .............    292,500                $4.61
Granted ..................................     60,000                $5.00
Canceled .................................    (84,000)               $4.41
                                              -------
Balance at December 31, 2003 .............    268,500                $4.75
                                              =======


         At December  31,  2003,  options to purchase  251,167  shares of common
stock were vested and exercisable at exercise prices ranging from $2.56 to $8.50
per share.  At December 31, 2003,  options to purchase  60,833  shares of common
stock were available for future option grants under the Directors' Plan.

         The  following  table  summarizes   information   about  stock  options
outstanding and exercisable related to the Directors' Plan at December 31, 2003:

                                      F-20
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Options Outstanding                                      Options Vested
                               --------------------------------------------------------             --------------------------
                                                            Weighted             Weighted                              Weighted
                                                            Average              Average                                Average
                               Number of                   Remaining             Exercise          Number of           Exercise
Range of Exercise Prices       Options                 Contractual Life           Price             Options              Price
------------------------       -------                 ----------------           -----             -------              -----
<S>                             <C>                        <C>                    <C>                <C>                 <C>
$2.56 - $3.25 ...............   44,000                     8.0 years              $2.62              38,667              $2.63
$4.50 - $5.50 ...............  206,500                     6.1 years              $5.04             194,500              $5.04
$6.50 - $8.50 ...............   18,000                     6.9 years              $6.72              18,000              $6.72
                               -------                                                              -------
Total .......................  268,500                     6.4 years              $4.75             251,167              $4.79
                               =======                                                              =======
</TABLE>


         In November  2003,  the Company  granted an initial stock option to Mr.
Richard  Williams,  on his  appointment  to become  Chairman  of the  Board,  to
purchase  1,000,000  shares of common  stock.  400,000  of the  options  have an
exercise  price equal to $2.89 per share,  the closing price of the stock on the
grant date and 600,000 of the options have an exercise price of $5.00 per share.
The  option is vested  and  exercisable  in full on the grant  date,  although a
portion of the option,  covering up to 600,000  shares  initially  and declining
over time, is subject to cancellation  if they have not been  exercised,  in the
event that Mr.  Williams  voluntarily  resigns as Chairman and a director within
certain future time periods.

Shares reserved

         As of December  31,  2003,  the Company has  reserved  shares of common
stock for future issuance as follows:

    Equity Plan                            3,812,566
    Directors' Plan                          329,333
    Chairman Options                       1,000,000
    Neptune Agreement                      1,285,000
                                           ---------
    Total                                  6,426,899

Non-cash Compensation Expense Related to Stock Options

         For the year ended  December 31, 2003,  the Company  recorded  non-cash
stock   compensation   expense  of  $579,000   associated   primarily  with  the
modification of certain stock options and the renewal of employment  contract of
the CEO paid in  stock.  For the year  ended  December  31,  2002,  the  Company
recorded non-cash compensation expense of $322,000.

9.       Income Taxes

         At December 31, 2003 the Company had net operating  loss  carryforwards
of  approximately  $70,715,000  and $ 15,817,000 for federal and state purposes,
respectively.  The federal net operating loss  carryforwards  expire between the
years 2004 and 2023. The state net operating loss  carryforwards  expire between
the years  2004 and 2023.  The state net  operating  loss  carryforwards  expire
between the years 2004 and 2013.  At December  31,  2003,  the Company  also had
research and development  credit  carryforwards of approximately  $1,757,000 and
$995,000  for  federal and state  purposes,  respectively.  The federal  credits
expire  between  the years 2006 and 2023 and the state  credits  do not  expire.
Pursuant to the "change in ownership"  provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986,
utilization of the Company's net operating loss and research and development tax
credit  carryforwards may be limited if a cumulative change of ownership of more
than 50% occurs within any three-year period.  Deferred income taxes reflect the
net tax effects of temporary  differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income
tax purposes.  Significant  components of the Company's deferred tax liabilities
and assets are as follows (in thousands):

                                      F-21
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

                                                             December 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                       2003              2002
                                                     --------          --------
Deferred tax assets:
   Net operating loss carryforwards ........         $ 25,000          $ 19,300
   Deferred revenue ........................            5,600             6,000
   Credit carryforwards1 ...................            2,400             1,600
   Capitalized intangibles .................            2,100             1,900
   Other, net ..............................               20                --
   Depreciation and amortization ...........            1,120               800
                                                     --------          --------
Total deferred tax assets ..................           36,240            29,600
Valuation allowance ........................          (36,240)          (29,600)
                                                     --------          --------
Net deferred tax assets ....................         $     --          $     --
                                                     ========          ========

                                                                2003
                                                    ----------------------------
                                                        $                  %
                                                    --------             ------
Net loss ...............................            ($13,532)
Tax at Federal statutory rate ..........              (4,601)            34.00%
State, net of Federal benefit ..........                (832)             6.15%
Meals and entertainment ................                   9             -0.07%
Stock compensation expense .............                  46             -0.34%
Foreign rate differential ..............                  85             -0.63%
Research credits .......................                (542)             4.00%
Deferred taxes not benefited ...........               5,968            -44.10%
True up ................................                (134)             0.99%
                                                    --------            -------
Provision for taxes ....................            $     --            $    --
                                                    ========            =======


         The  valuation  allowance for deferred tax assets for 2003,  2002,  and
2001  increased  by  approximately  $6,640,000,   $5,400,000,   and  $5,700,000,
respectively.

10.      Segment Reporting

         The Company has two business segments:  pharmaceuticals  and skin care.
Pharmaceuticals include primarily research and clinical development expenses for
potential  prescription  products to be marketed  directly by Cellegy or through
corporate partners.

         Current  pharmaceutical  revenues consist primarily of Rectogesic sales
in  Australia  and South  Korea,  in  addition  to the PDI  license  revenue for
Fortigel. The Company expects to complete other corporate  collaborations in the
future for a number of its potential  pharmaceutical  products, which may result
in milestones, development funding and royalties on sales.

         Cellegy expects to generate  future  revenues on potential  products it
intends to  self-market.  The skin care business  segment  includes  development
expenses for non-prescription  moisturizer and anti-aging products. During 2001,
Cellegy incurred development expenses for its skin care products. No development
expenses were incurred in 2003 and 2002. The Company's  product sales are to one
customer, Gryphon Development,  Inc., which is selling one of the Company's skin
care  products,  exclusively  in the United  States,  through a major  specialty
retailer.

         Cellegy allocates its revenues and operating  expenses to each business
segment,  but does not assess segment performance or allocate resources based on
a segment's  assets and,  therefore,  asset  depreciation  and  amortization and
capital expenditures are not reported by segment. The accounting policies of the
reportable  segments  are  the  same  as  those  described  in  the  summary  of
significant accounting policies.

         The  Company's  segments are business  units that will,  in some cases,
distribute  products to different types of customers through different marketing
programs.   The  potential   future  sales  of  skin  care  products  require  a
significantly  different marketing effort than sales of pharmaceutical  products
to  physicians  and  other  traditional  pharmaceutical  distribution  channels.
Pharmaceutical  products require more extensive  clinical testing and ultimately
regulatory approval by the FDA and other worldwide health registration agencies,
requiring a more extensive  level of development,  manufacturing  and compliance
than a skin care product.

         The  following  table  contains  information   regarding  revenues  and
operating  income (loss) of each business  segment for the years ended  December
31, 2003, 2002, and 2001:

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Years ended December 31,
                                ------------------------------------------------------
                                    2003                  2002                2001
                                ------------         ------------         ------------
                                                     (Restated,
                                                      see note 13)
<S>                             <C>                  <C>                  <C>
Revenues:
Pharmaceuticals ........        $  1,304,498         $    320,339         $    217,439
Skin care ..............             316,000            1,081,287              660,052
                                ------------         ------------         ------------
                                $  1,620,498         $  1,401,626         $    877,491
                                ============         ============         ============
Operating income (loss):
Pharmaceuticals ........        $(14,039,351)        $(16,462,264)        $(21,021,796)
Skin care ..............             147,255              700,837               52,427
                                ------------         ------------         ------------
                                $(13,892,096)        $(15,761,427)        $(20,969,369)
                                ============         ============         ============
</TABLE>


         Total assets were minimal for the skin care segment.

Revenue from Major Customer

         Revenues from product sales to one customer  represented  approximately
20%, 70% and 75% of total revenue for 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

Geographic data

         Approximately  28%,  20% and 25% of total  revenues  in 2003,  2002 and
2001,  respectively, are from sales of  Rectogesic in Australia and South Korea.
All other  sales are in the  United  States.  Most of the  Company's  assets are
located in the United States.

11.      Related Party Transactions

         The Company has paid fees to their board members for their  services on
the board,  audit committee and compensation  committee.  The total fees paid to
these directors  during 2003, 2002 and 2001 were $103,000,  $10,000 and $30,000,
respectively.  Cash  compensation  paid to the Chairman of the Board in 2003 was
$15,300.

         There were no consulting fees paid in cash to any board members in 2003
and 2002.  For 2001,  consulting  fees of $80,000 were paid in cash to two board
members  based on consulting  agreements.  In addition,  the Company  recognized
$131,000  and $33,000 in  non-cash  compensation  expense  during 2003 and 2002,
respectively,  associated  with the  valuation of vested stock options that were
previously issued under a consulting agreement to a former board member.

         Cellegy  had  an  interest  bearing  $100,000  loan  outstanding  to  a
non-officer employee,  which was issued in 1999 in conjunction with the purchase
of his home.  This loan had an interest  rate of 5% and repayment was due at the
end of the 15 year  term of the  loan or  sooner.  The  loan was paid in full in
April 2004.

12.      Subsequent Events

         In January 2004,  Cellegy entered into a Structured  Secondary Offering
("SSO")  facility  agreement  with  Kingsbridge  Capital  Limited.  The facility
requires  Kingsbridge  to purchase  up to 3.74  million  shares of newly  issued
common stock at times and in amounts  selected by Cellegy over a period of up to
two years, subject to certain restrictions. Cellegy may begin to draw down funds
after the effectiveness of a registration  statement that the Company intends to
file with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission.  The dollar amount of stock
that  Cellegy may  require  Kingsbridge  to purchase  will depend in part on the
market price of the common stock at the time that the registration  statement is
filed and that shares are sold.  The  agreement  does not prohibit  Cellegy from
conducting  additional  debt  or  equity  financings,   including  PIPEs,  shelf
offerings,   secondary  offerings  or  any  other  non-fixed  or  future  priced
securities.  The  timing  and  amount of any draw  downs are at  Cellegy's  sole
discretion,  subject to certain  timing  conditions,  and are limited to certain
maximum amounts  depending in part on the then current market  capitalization of
the Company.  Kingsbridge  is not obligated to purchase  shares at market prices
below  $1.25 per  share.  The  purchase  price of the  common  stock  will be at
discounts ranging from 8% to 12% of the average market price of the common stock
prior to each  future  draw down.  The lower  discount  applies to higher  stock
prices. In connection with the agreement, Cellegy issued warrants to Kingsbridge
to  purchase  260,000  common  shares at an  exercise  price of $5.27 per share.
Cellegy can, at its discretion and based on its cash needs,  determine how much,
if any, of the equity line it will draw down in the future, subject to the other
conditions in the agreement.

13.      Restatement

         In the course of preparing its financial  statements for the year ended
December 31, 2003,  the Company  determined  that it was necessary to adjust the
accounting  treatment for certain  employee and director  stock options that had
been  cancelled  during  the  fourth  quarter  of 2002.  The  Company  initially
accounted for the  cancellation of certain unvested options as a modification to
the stock options and applied variable  accounting  treatment to the uncancelled
portion of the stock options.  Subsequently, the Company determined that was not
the appropriate application under generally accepted accounting principles,  and
reversed the $695,000 of expense  previously  recorded in the fourth  quarter of
2002.  Cellegy  has filed an amended  annual  report on Form 10-K/A for 2002 and
amended quarterly reports on Form 10-Q/A for each of the first three quarters of
2003.

                                      F-23
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


         A  summary  of the  effect  of this  adjustment  on the 2002  financial
statements  is  as  follows:  in  the  statement  of  operations,  research  and
development  expense,  selling,  general and administrative  expense and the net
loss were  reduced by  $269,000,  $426,000 and  $695,000,  respectively;  on the
consolidated  balance sheet,  common stock and the accumulated deficit were both
reduced by $695,000.

                                      F-24

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
