<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>p16821_10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark one)

_X_      Annual  Report  Pursuant  to  Section  13 or  15(d)  of the  Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934 for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002

OR

___      Transition  Report  Pursuant  to Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934

                        Commission File Number 000-26372


                          CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          California                                            82-0429727
(State or other jurisdiction of                              (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                              Identification No.)

  349 Oyster Point Boulevard, Suite 200, South San Francisco, California 94080
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                            (zip code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (650) 616-2200

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

       None                                    Nasdaq National Market
(Title of each class)                (Name of each exchange on which registered)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                           Common Stock, no par value
                                (Title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  Registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                                 YES _X_ NO ___

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).

                                 YES ___ NO _X_

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
Registrant as of June 28, 2002, the last business day of the  Registrant's  most
recently  completed second fiscal quarter,  was $27,767,037 based on the closing
price  for the  common  stock on The  Nasdaq  Stock  Market on such  date.  This
calculation  does not include a  determination  that persons are  affiliates  or
non-affiliates for any other purpose.

As of  March  11,  2003,  there  were  19,889,946  of  shares  of  common  stock
outstanding.


                       Documents Incorporated By Reference

The  information  called  for by Part  III,  other  than  Item 14,  and  certain
information  called for by Part II, Item 5, is  incorporated by reference to the
definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company
which will be filed with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission not later than
120 days after December 31, 2002.

<PAGE>

                CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               Page
                                     Part I
<S>           <C>                                                                                               <C>
Item 1.       BUSINESS                                                                                           1
Item 2.       PROPERTIES                                                                                         9
Item 3.       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                                                                  9
Item 4.       SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS                                                9
Item 4a.      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT                                                              10


                                     Part II
Item 5.       MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS                             12
Item 6.       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA                                                                           13
Item 7.       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS             14
Item 7a.      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK                                        23
Item 8.       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA                                                       23
Item 9.       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE              23

                                    Part III
Item 10.      DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT                                                24
Item 11.      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                                                            24
Item 12.      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT                                    24
Item 13.      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS                                                    24
Item 14.      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES                                                                           24

                                     Part IV
Item 15.      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K                                  25
</TABLE>


         Unless the  context  otherwise  requires,  the terms "we",  "our",  and
"Cellegy" refer to Cellegy Pharmaceuticals,  Inc., a California corporation, and
its subsidiaries.

         Cellegesic,  Tostrex,  Tostrelle, and Rectogesic are our trademarks. We
also  refer  to  trademarks  of other  corporations  and  organizations  in this
document.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1: BUSINESS

         Cellegy   Pharmaceuticals,   Inc.   ("Cellegy"   or   the   "Company"),
incorporated  in California in 1989,  is a specialty  biopharmaceutical  company
engaged in the  development of  prescription  drugs and skin care products.  Our
prescription  products are directed  towards the  treatment of  gastrointestinal
disorders,  sexual  dysfunction of both men and women,  and selected  conditions
affecting women's health.

         Cellegy's lead product candidate, Tostrex(TM) gel, is for the treatment
of male  hypogonadism,  which  usually  results in diminished  sexual  function,
lethargy  and, in severe  cases,  reduced  bone and muscle mass in men.  Cellegy
completed a pivotal  Phase III clinical  trial for Tostrex in November  2001 and
filed a New Drug  Application  ("NDA")  with  the  United  States  Food and Drug
Administration  ("FDA") in June 2002. In December 2002,  Cellegy entered into an
exclusive license  agreement with PDI, Inc. ("PDI") to commercialize  Tostrex in
North  American  markets.  Under  the  terms  of  the  agreement,  PDI  will  be
responsible for the marketing and sales of Tostrex and will utilize its existing
sales and marketing infrastructure.  Cellegy received a payment of $15.0 million
on signing of the  agreement  on December  31, 2002 and will receive a milestone
payment of $10.0  million  upon  approval of the product  for  marketing  in the
United  States  by the FDA.  PDI will also make  royalty  payments  on net sales
ranging from 20% to 30%.

         In addition  to Tostrex,  Cellegy is  developing  a second  transdermal
testosterone  product,  Tostrelle(TM)  gel, for the  treatment of female  sexual
dysfunction in postmenopausal women. Testosterone deficiency in women frequently
leads to diminished  libido,  decreased  bone and muscle mass and reduced energy
levels.  Tostrelle has successfully  completed two Phase I/II clinical  studies,
and Cellegy is currently conducting an advanced Phase II/III clinical study.

         Our  Cellegesic(TM)  ointment product  candidate is being developed for
the  treatment of chronic  anal  fissures,  a painful  condition  which,  in the
absence of an approved drug therapy,  often requires surgery.  In April 2002, we
announced the withdrawal of our Cellegesic New Drug Application ("NDA") after it
became  clear  that the FDA was not going to  approve  the NDA.  We had  several
subsequent   discussions  and  meetings  with  the  FDA  to  supply   additional
information  and to attempt to clarify  and  respond to the FDA's  concerns  and
questions. We now intend to begin a confirmatory Phase III trial after the final
protocol discussions with the FDA are completed, which we believe will be in the
second quarter of 2003.  Cellegy's  proposed trial design is for a smaller trial
of shorter  duration  than the prior  Phase III trials,  with a planned  patient
enrollment  of about 150  subjects.  If  results  are  satisfactory,  we plan to
re-submit  the NDA,  and we expect that the FDA review of the  re-submitted  NDA
could occur in  approximately  six months,  although  there can be no assurances
regarding the duration of the FDA review.  Cellegy is also conducting a Phase II
clinical  trial using  Cellegesic  to  determine  its effect on the  symptoms of
hemorrhoids.  Hemorrhoids afflict an estimated 22 million people annually in the
United States, Europe and Japan, according to published data.

         In November  2001,  Cellegy  acquired  Vaxis  Therapeutics  Corporation
("Vaxis" or "Cellegy  Canada"),  a private  Canadian  company based in Kingston,
Ontario. This acquisition expanded our pipeline of products for the treatment of
sexual dysfunction in males and females and complements our current products. In
addition to product  candidates  for the  treatment of sexual  dysfunction,  the
Cellegy  Canada  product  pipeline  consists  of  nitric  oxide  donors  for the
treatment  of various  disorders  including:  Raynaud's  Disease,  Restless  Leg
Syndrome, prostate cancer, breast cancer and other potential indications.

Marketing and Commercialization Strategy

         Cellegy  intends to become a leader in the development and marketing of
selected  specialty  biopharmaceutical  products  that are directed  towards the
treatment of  gastrointestinal  disorders,  sexual  dysfunction  in both men and
women, and conditions affecting women's health. Key elements of our business and
commercialization strategy include the following:

                                       1
<PAGE>

o        Self-Marketing  to  Specialty   Physician  Markets  in  United  States.
         Whenever  possible,  we plan to self market our  products to a targeted
         audience of key physician  specialists,  including  Gastroenterologists
         and  Obstetrician-Gynecologists,  through the  establishment of our own
         sales force. We plan to seek  pharmaceutical  partners to assist in the
         promotion of products  prescribed by larger physician  groups.  Cellegy
         intends  to  commercialize  Cellegesic,  if  approved,  on our  own and
         potentially through co-promotion agreements with partners in the United
         States.  We plan to  outlicense  the  overseas  rights for  products we
         develop in  exchange  for upfront and  milestone  payments,  as well as
         royalties on sales.

o        Tostrex  License  Agreement  with PDI.  Under the terms of the  license
         agreement,  PDI will be  responsible  for the  marketing  and  sales of
         Tostrex in North  American  markets and will utilize its existing sales
         and marketing  infrastructure contained within their PDI Pharmaceutical
         Products  Group.  Cellegy will be  responsible  for supplying  finished
         product to PDI  through  Cellegy's  contract  manufacturer.  Cellegy is
         seeking  marketing  partners  for  Tostrex  overseas,  particularly  in
         Europe.

o        Marketing and Sales Agreements. We entered into a comprehensive license
         and commercialization  agreement with Ventiv Health, Inc. ("Ventiv"), a
         contract  sales  organization,  in August  2001.  Ventiv was to provide
         certain sales and marketing services relating to the anticipated launch
         of Cellegesic.  In September  2002,  Cellegy and Ventiv  terminated the
         agreement based on the delay in  commercialization of Cellegesic due to
         the  withdrawal  of the NDA  and our  subsequent  decision  to  conduct
         another  Phase III  clinical  trial.  We may, in the future,  decide to
         enter into other such marketing agreements with contract sales or other
         organizations.

o        Acquisition of Complementary  Products and Companies.  As was done with
         the acquisitions of Vaxis in Canada in November 2001, of Rectogesic(TM)
         (nitroglycerin  ointment) from Quay Pharmaceuticals Pty Ltd ("Quay") in
         Australia in June 2000, and of Cellegesic from Neptune  Pharmaceuticals
         ("Neptune") in the United States in December 1997, we intend to acquire
         other   products,   technologies   or  companies   with   products  and
         distribution capabilities consistent with our commercial objectives.

o        Manufacturing.  Cellegy  has  manufacturing  arrangements  with  PanGeo
         Pharma Inc., ("PanGeo") an FDA approved contract  manufacturing company
         based in  Canada.  PanGeo  has  successfully  manufactured  Cellegesic,
         Tostrex  and  Tostrelle  for  our  clinical  trials  and  will  be  the
         commercial manufacturer for these products, when approved.

o        Distribution.  Cellegy has entered into a  distribution  agreement  for
         Rectogesic   in  South  Korea  and   intends  to  contract   additional
         distributors in Asia, Latin America and other overseas markets.

Marketed Skin Care Products

         Cellegy has  completed  development  of certain  consumer skin care and
cosmeceutical products, including skin barrier repairing/fortifying moisturizers
and anti-aging lotions and creams. We are currently  marketing our C79 Intensive
Moisturizer  formulation to a major specialty  retailer which  incorporates  C79
into hand cream  products.  Our revenues  from sales of these  products  totaled
$1,081,000  in 2002 and have  totaled  approximately  $4,481,000  since  product
introduction late in 1998.

Products Under Development

Tostrex (testosterone gel for male hormone replacement therapy)

         Cellegy's lead product,  Tostrex, is a transdermal  testosterone gel to
treat male hypogonadism,  a condition involving  clinically  deficient levels of
the sex hormone testosterone. Low levels of testosterone can result in lethargy,
depression and a decline in libido. In severely  deficient cases, loss of muscle
mass and bone  density  can  occur.  Approximately  5 million  men in the United
States,  primarily in the aging (over 40) male population  group, have deficient
levels of testosterone.  Male  hypogonadism is the first indication for which we
will seek regulatory approval

                                       2
<PAGE>

in the United States.  Subsequently,  testosterone  replacement  may be used for
"male  andropause," a potentially  greater market  consisting of several million
additional men with below normal levels of testosterone.

         There are a number of companies  currently  marketing  testosterone  in
several different product forms in domestic and international  markets.  Cellegy
believes that a market opportunity  exists for an improved product,  as the side
effects  and  patient  inconveniences  associated  with  many  of the  currently
marketed products have limited their use to less than 5% of potential  patients,
according to published  prescription  data. Current product forms include orals,
injectables,  transdermal  patches and two testosterone gel products launched in
2000 and 2003,  respectively.  The  leading  patch  products  are sold at prices
averaging  approximately  $1,000  per year  per  patient  with the gel  products
currently priced at approximately $3,500 per year.

         Cellegy's   proprietary   testosterone   gel   product   candidate   is
transparent,  rapid-drying  and  non-staining.  It is designed  as a  once-a-day
application  from a unique metered dose  dispenser to relatively  small areas of
the skin.  Based on successful  completion  of a Phase III trial,  including 201
patients at several study centers in the United  States,  positive trial results
were announced in November  2001.  Cellegy filed an NDA in the second quarter of
2002 and is awaiting a decision from the FDA on marketing approval in the United
States.

Cellegesic   (nitroglycerin   ointment  for   treatment  of  anal  fissures  and
hemorrhoids)

         Our Cellegesic is a topical,  nitroglycerin-based  prescription product
for the  treatment of anal fissures and  hemorrhoids.  Anal fissures are painful
tears in the lining of the anal mucosa, a condition  afflicting men and women of
all age groups.  Of the over 600,000 new cases of anal fissures  occurring  each
year in the United States, Europe and Japan, many of these chronic cases require
painful and  expensive  surgery,  a procedure  that  sometimes  leaves  patients
incontinent. Hemorrhoids are dilated, swollen veins and tissue located either in
the anal canal or at the margin of the anus.  In the United Sates  alone,  there
are  approximately 9 million people who suffer from  hemorrhoids each year. Both
conditions are  characterized by an increase in intra-anal  pressure,  which has
been shown to be effectively  reduced by the application of Cellegesic.  Current
drug  therapies  include  anesthetics  and  anti-inflammatory  agents  that only
partially relieve the symptoms of these conditions.

         Cellegesic is a proprietary formulation that includes nitroglycerin,  a
drug that has been used for many years in the  treatment of angina  pectoris and
certain other heart diseases. Several previous third party studies reported that
nitroglycerin,  once  administered to the anal canal,  causes  relaxation of the
sphincter  muscle  and helps to  relieve  pain and  promote  healing of the anal
fissure in most patients.

         We completed an initial Phase III clinical  trial using  Cellegesic for
the treatment of anal fissures and announced the results in November  1999.  The
trial,  which  included  304  patients,  did  not  demonstrate  a  statistically
significant  rate of healing in  comparison  to placebo,  but did show rapid and
significant pain reduction.  Based on this outcome,  we initiated a second Phase
III trial in 2000 to confirm  the drug's  ability to reduce  fissure  pain,  the
primary  trial  endpoint,  with healing of chronic anal  fissures as a secondary
endpoint.

         The second Phase III  clinical  trial,  which  included 229 patients in
several  study  centers in the United  States and  overseas,  was  completed  in
September  2001.  Patients  received  either of two  strengths of  Cellegesic or
placebo administered twice on a daily basis over an eight-week treatment period.
The  patient's  pain scores were  tabulated  and the patients  were  examined to
determine whether the fissure had healed.  Positive results were achieved in the
primary endpoint, which was pain reduction of chronic anal fissures. Statistical
significance was not achieved in healing, the secondary endpoint.

         In June 2001, we completed patient enrollment and filed an NDA with the
FDA  requesting  marketing  approval of  Cellegesic  for the  treatment  of pain
associated with chronic anal fissures. We amended the NDA upon completion of the
second  Phase III anal fissure pain study in November  2001.  In April 2002,  we
announced the  withdrawal of our  Cellegesic  NDA after it became clear that the
FDA was not going to approve the NDA. We had several subsequent  discussions and
meetings with the FDA to supply additional information and to attempt to clarify
and respond to the FDA's concerns and questions. In September 2002, we announced
that we  believed  most of the  agency's  previously  stated  concerns  had been
satisfactorily  addressed  with the  exception  that the FDA believed  that

                                       3
<PAGE>

some aspects of the statistical  analysis  methodology  used by Cellegy were not
pre-specified in the statistical analysis plan submitted prior to unblinding the
trial. Cellegy believes that it had adequately demonstrated that the statistical
analysis  methodology  was properly set forth in the original  analysis plan and
was  correctly  utilized.  However,  the FDA  concluded  that the method was not
pre-specified  to its  satisfaction  and indicated that it would require another
Phase III trial before considering  approval of the product.  We intend to begin
the confirmatory  Phase III trial after the final protocol  discussions with the
FDA are completed, which we believe will be in the second quarter of 2003. Based
on our current protocol design,  we expect that the trial will be smaller and of
shorter  duration  than the prior  Phase  III  trials,  with a  planned  patient
enrollment  of about 150  subjects.  If  results  are  satisfactory,  we plan to
re-submit  the NDA,  and we expect that the FDA review of the  re-submitted  NDA
could occur in  approximately  six months,  although  there can be no assurances
regarding the duration of the FDA's review.  In addition to this fissure  trial,
Cellegy  is also  conducting  a Phase II  clinical  trial  using  Cellegesic  to
determine its effect on the various symptoms of hemorrhoids.

         Cellegesic  is protected by two  domestic  patents,  both of which have
been issued,  the most recent in December  1997.  Similar  Canadian and European
patents have been issued and  numerous  patent  applications  have been filed in
most major overseas markets.  Rectogesic(TM) (nitroglycerin ointment), a product
similar in formulation to Cellegesic, was approved by the Australian Therapeutic
Goods Administration and has been successfully marketed in Australia since early
1999.

Tostrelle (testosterone gel for female hormone replacement therapy)

         Normal blood  concentrations  of testosterone in women range from 10 to
20 times less than those of men. Nevertheless, in both sexes, testosterone plays
a key role in building muscle tissue or bone and in maintaining sexual drive. In
women, the ovaries and adrenal glands continue to synthesize  testosterone after
menopause,  although  the rate of  production  may  diminish  by as much as 50%.
Approximately  15 million  women in the United  States  suffer from  symptoms of
testosterone deficiency. At the present time, there are no approved products for
the treatment of this condition.

         Based  on the  results  of  pharmacokinetic  studies  in men  receiving
Tostrex,  Cellegy's  scientists  were  able to  estimate  the  proper  dosage of
testosterone  required  to  achieve  normal  pre-menopausal  hormone  levels  in
postmenopausal  women. The result is Cellegy's Tostrelle,  a product designed to
restore normal testosterone levels in hormone deficient women.

         Cellegy  has  successfully  completed  two Phase  I/II  pharmacokinetic
studies in which we  determined  the proper  dose  necessary  to restore  normal
testosterone  levels to normally  menopausal and  surgically-induced  menopausal
women.  Based on these  results and a trial  protocol  meeting  with the FDA, we
initiated a Phase II/III  clinical study in 2002 and intend to begin  additional
advanced trials in 2003.

Current Research Programs

         Cellegy's  research  and  development  programs  focus on nitric  oxide
pharmacology,  inflammation  and  nitric  oxide  treatments  for  anorectal  and
gastrointestinal diseases, sexual dysfunction, peripheral vascular disorders and
cancer.   The  November  2001   acquisition  of  Vaxis,   now  Cellegy   Canada,
significantly  broadened our research and development  efforts for the treatment
of  female  sexual  dysfunction  and  male  erectile  dysfunction,  and has also
expanded our research into potential oncology treatments.  Cellegy has rights to
future discoveries,  technologies and products developed by Cellegy Canada. Most
of the current  research  programs are being conducted at Queen's  University in
Kingston, Ontario or in our leased laboratories located at the University.

         The Vaxis  acquisition also expanded our overall  expertise  efforts in
nitric oxide  pharmacology.  Based on research  efforts at Cellegy Canada and at
Queen's  University by our consultants,  we better understand the role of nitric
oxide as a signaling  molecule in modulating  vascular smooth muscle relaxation,
perhaps by  down-regulating  endothelin  expression.  The  significance  of this
finding  is  that  nitric  oxide  is  capable  of  reducing  vascular  tone at a
concentration  much  lower  than  needed  for a direct  vaso-dilatation  effect,
especially in tissues under an abnormally vaso-spasm or vaso-constrictive state.
This discovery presents various potential  approaches to treat conditions

                                       4
<PAGE>

caused by vaso-constriction,  such as peripheral vascular insufficiency found in
Raynaud's  disease,  male erectile  dysfunction,  and selected aspects of female
sexual   dysfunction.   We  plan  to  verify  and  validate  selected  potential
therapeutic indications via in vivo animal testing and in pilot human studies.

         We are also investigating the role of nitric oxide in modulating cancer
cell metastasis  induced by hypoxia (low oxygen) and in attenuating  pain due to
nociceptor  activation.  Results  published  in the Journal of  National  Cancer
Institute  in December  2001 showed that the  administration  of nitric oxide to
hypoxic cancer cells led to reversal of metastatic  cells.  Furthermore,  nitric
oxide can also reverse the development of certain hypoxia-induced drug resistant
cancer  cells  to  chemotherapeutic  agents.  Follow-up  experiments  since  the
publication  further support the original  findings.  We will continue to expand
upon these  original  findings with relevant in vitro and in vivo models through
our research  efforts at Cellegy  Canada and Queen's  University  and to further
explore  the  ability  of  nitric  oxide to  interfere  with  other  nociceptive
signaling pathway.

         Cellegy  continues  to explore the role of nitric  oxide in  modulating
cancer cell development,  as well as, resistance to chemotherapeutic agents such
as  doxorubicin  and  5-fluorouracil,  and  metastasis  induced by hypoxia  (low
oxygen).  In addition to the results published in the Journal of National Cancer
Institute,   recent  progress  shows  that  nitric  oxide  induces  reversal  of
chemo-resistance  in human breast cancer cells and prostate cancer cells, and in
3-dimentional  human breast  cancer  spheroid  culture.  While the  mechanism of
action of reversal of  chemo-resistance  is largely  unknown,  the prevention of
tumor cell  metastasis  in vitro by nitric oxide  appears to be mediated via the
cGMP protein  kinase G pathway.  These results  continue to support our original
scientific hypothesis and have taken us to the next step of verifying the nitric
oxide  effect  in human  xenograph  models  in  vivo.  Cellegy  consultants  and
collaborators  at Queens  University have recently been awarded a research grant
from the United States Army for its innovation in prostate cancer research.

         Early  observations  by  Cellegy  Canada  scientists  showed  that  the
co-administration  of nitric oxide  releasing  agents  blocks  nociceptive  pain
response  triggered by PGE1 injection.  This concept is further supported by the
July 2002  publication of a pilot study in Journal of Gender  Specific  Medicine
reporting the efficacy of treating  vulvar pain and pain with sexual activity in
women with vulvodynia using 0.2% topical nitroglycerin  ointment.  Cellegy plans
to conduct a placebo-controlled  dose ranging study using topical  nitroglycerin
in treating vulvar pain associated with vulvodynia and dyspareunia in 2003.

Patents and Trade Secrets

         Cellegy  has 22  issued  United  States  patents,  more  than 60 issued
foreign patents, and over 80 pending patent applications  worldwide.  Two issued
United  States  patents  and  15  pending  patent  applications  relate  to  our
testosterone  gel  products  for males and  females.  Two issued  United  States
patents,  over 20  issued  foreign  patents,  and more  than 10  pending  patent
applications  relate to Cellegy's  Cellegesic  product for the treatment of anal
fissure and other anal  diseases.  Two issued United States  patents and over 25
pending  patent  applications  relate  to  possible  backup  compounds  for  our
Cellegesic product. As part of Cellegy's acquisition of Cellegy Canada,  Cellegy
gained rights to 5 issued United States patents,  3 issued foreign patents,  and
more  than 40  pending  patent  applications.  These  patents  and  applications
disclose methods of treatment of peripheral vascular  conditions  including male
erectile dysfunction,  female sexual dysfunction, and Raynaud's disease, as well
as other conditions.  United States and foreign patent  applications  disclosing
novel  store-operated  calcium  influx  (SOC)  inhibitors  and  their use in the
treatment  of  various  disorders  are  pending  or  have  recently   published.
Additional  patent  applications  are being  prepared for filing that will cover
methods  or  products   currently  under   development.   Corresponding   patent
applications  for most of Cellegy's issued United States patents have been filed
in  countries  of  importance  to us located in major world  markets,  including
certain countries in Europe, Australia, South Korea, Japan, Mexico and Canada.

         Our policy is to protect our technology by, among other things,  filing
patent applications for technology that we consider important to the development
of our  business.  We  intend  to  file  additional  patent  applications,  when
appropriate,  relating to our technology,  improvements to our technology and to
specific products that we develop. It is impossible to anticipate the breadth or
degree of  protection  that any such  patents  will  afford,  or  whether we can
meaningfully  protect our rights to our unpatented  trade secrets.  Cellegy also
relies upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how, and no assurance can be given
that  competitors  will  not  independently  develop  substantially   equivalent

                                       5
<PAGE>

proprietary  information and  techniques,  or otherwise gain access to our trade
secrets or disclose such  technology.  It is our policy to require our employees
to  execute  an  invention   assignment  and   confidentiality   agreement  upon
employment.  Our consultants are required to execute a confidentiality agreement
upon the  commencement of their  consultancy.  Each agreement  provides that all
confidential  information  developed or made known to the employee or consultant
during the course of employment or consultancy will be kept confidential and not
disclosed  to third  parties  except in specific  circumstances.  The  invention
assignment  generally  provides  that all  inventions  conceived by the employee
shall be the  exclusive  property of Cellegy.  In addition,  it is our policy to
require collaborators and potential  collaborators to enter into confidentiality
agreements.  There can be no  assurance,  however,  that these  agreements  will
provide  meaningful  protection of our trade secrets.  For additional  risks and
uncertainties  relating  to our  patents  and  intellectual  property,  see  the
discussion  of  our  patents  and  intellectual   property  under  the  heading,
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operation - Factors That May Affect Future Operating Results."

Product Acquisitions

         On November 27, 2001, Cellegy acquired Vaxis Therapeutics  Corporation,
a private Canadian company for $4.1 million  primarily in Cellegy stock.  Vaxis,
subsequently renamed Cellegy Canada, is a wholly-owned  research and development
subsidiary   with  prominent   scientists   focusing  in  the  areas  of  sexual
dysfunction,   peripheral   vascular   disorders,   cancer  and   nitric   oxide
pharmacology.  This  research is in line with our goal of expanding our pipeline
of products and protecting our patents.

         In June 2000,  Cellegy  acquired  Quay  Pharmaceuticals,  an Australian
company  marketing  Rectogesic,  a  nitroglycerin  ointment  product  similar to
Cellegesic.  The acquisition cost totaled  $1,835,000,  consisting  primarily of
Cellegy  stock and  warrants.  Cellegy  continues to  self-market  Rectogesic in
Australia  through its wholly-owned  Cellegy  Australia  subsidiary and plans to
sell  Rectogesic   through   distributors  in  the  Pacific  Rim  countries  and
potentially other countries around the world.

         In December  1997,  Cellegy  acquired  patent and related  intellectual
property rights relating to Cellegesic from Neptune Pharmaceuticals. Pursuant to
the purchase  agreement,  we issued 462,809 shares of common stock to Neptune in
1997 with a value of $3,750,000.  The agreement calls for a series of additional
payments,  payable in shares of common  stock,  upon  successful  completion  of
various  milestones  tied to clinical  trial  results and  commercialization  of
Cellegesic  in domestic  and foreign  markets.  During 2001,  we issued  104,000
shares of common stock with a value of $750,000 for two clinical and  regulatory
milestones  achieved.  Future  potential  milestones,  payable in Cellegy common
stock,  could result in the issuance of up to an additional  1,285,000 shares of
Cellegy  common stock based on the closing price of Cellegy stock at the time of
issuance.  The  agreement  does not  provide  for the  payment by Cellegy of any
future product royalties to Neptune in connection with Cellegesic revenues.

Government Regulation

         FDA Requirements for Human Drugs. The research,  development,  testing,
manufacturing,  storage,  labeling, record keeping,  distribution,  advertising,
promotion and marketing of drug products are  extensively  regulated by numerous
governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United
States,  drugs are subject to rigorous FDA  regulation  pursuant to, among other
laws, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act or FD&C Act.

         The steps ordinarily  required before a new pharmaceutical  product may
be  marketed in the United  States  include:  (i)  preclinical  tests,  (ii) the
submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application,  or IND, which
must be approved  before human  clinical  trials  commence;  (iii)  adequate and
well-controlled  clinical  trials to  establish  the safety and  efficacy of the
product  for  its  proposed  indication;  (iv)  the  submission  of a  New  Drug
Application,  or NDA, for a new drug or a Product License  Application for a new
biologic  to the FDA;  and (v) FDA  review  and  approval  of the NDA or Product
License  Application  before any  commercial  sale or shipment  of the  product.
Preclinical  tests  include  laboratory  evaluation of product  formulation  and
animal  studies (if an  appropriate  animal  model is  available)  to assess the
potential safety and efficacy of the product.  Formulations must be

                                       6
<PAGE>

manufactured according to the FDA's current Good Manufacturing Practice, or GMP,
requirements,  and  preclinical  safety tests must be conducted by  laboratories
that comply with FDA's Good Laboratory Practice regulations.

         The results of preclinical  testing are submitted to the FDA as part of
an IND and are reviewed by the FDA before commencement of human clinical trials.
There  can  be no  assurance  that  submission  of an  IND  will  result  in FDA
authorization  to  commence  clinical  trials.   In  some  instances,   the  IND
application process can result in substantial delay and expense. Clinical trials
to support NDAs are typically  conducted in three sequential  phases,  which may
overlap and which usually  require  several years to complete.  A clinical trial
may combine the elements of more than one phase, and often two or more Phase III
studies are required.

         After successful completion of the required clinical testing, generally
an NDA is submitted.  FDA approval of the NDA (as  described  below) is required
before  marketing  may begin in the  United  States.  The FDA  reviews  all NDAs
submitted  and may request more  information  before it accepts the filing.  The
review  process is often extended  significantly  by FDA requests for additional
information  or  clarification.  The  FDA  may  refer  the  application  to  the
appropriate  advisory  committee,  typically a panel of clinicians,  for review,
evaluation  and a  recommendation  as  to  whether  the  application  should  be
approved.  The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory  committee.
During the review  process,  the FDA generally will conduct an inspection of the
relevant drug  manufacturing  facilities  and clinical  sites to ensure that the
facilities  are in  compliance  with  applicable  Good  Manufacturing  Practices
requirements.   If  FDA  evaluations  of  the  NDA  application,   manufacturing
facilities,  and  clinical  sites are  favorable,  the FDA may  issue  either an
approvable  letter  or a not  approvable  letter,  which  contains  a number  of
conditions  that must be met in order to secure approval of the NDA. When and if
those conditions have been met to the FDA's satisfaction,  the FDA will issue an
approvable  letter,  authorizing  commercial  marketing  of the drug for certain
specific  indications.  If  the  FDA's  evaluation  of  the  NDA  submission  or
manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA may refuse to approve the NDA
or issue a not approvable  letter,  outlining the deficiencies in the submission
and often  requiring  additional  testing or  information.  Notwithstanding  the
submission of any requested  additional  data or  information  in response to an
approvable or not  approvable  letter,  the FDA  ultimately  may decide that the
application does not satisfy the regulatory  criteria for approval.  Even if FDA
approval is obtained,  a marketed drug product and its  manufacturer are subject
to continual  review and inspection,  and later discovery of previously  unknown
problems  with the  product  or  manufacturer  may  result  in  restrictions  or
sanctions on such product or manufacturer,  including  withdrawal of the product
from the market.

         The  process  of   developing   and   obtaining   approval  for  a  new
pharmaceutical  product within this  regulatory  framework  requires a number of
years and the  expenditure of substantial  resources.  There can be no assurance
that necessary  approvals will be obtained on a timely basis,  if at all. Delays
in obtaining regulatory approvals could have a material adverse effect on us. If
we fail to comply with applicable  regulatory  requirements for marketing drugs,
or if our cosmeceutical  products are deemed to be drugs by the FDA, we could be
subject  to  administrative  or  judicially  imposed  sanctions  such as warning
letters,  fines,  product recalls or seizures,  injunctions  against production,
distribution,  sales, or marketing, delays in obtaining marketing authorizations
or the  refusal of the  government  to grant  such  approvals,  suspensions  and
withdrawals  of  previously  granted  approvals,  civil  penalties  and criminal
prosecution of Cellegy, our officers or our employees.

         Manufacturing.  Each  domestic  drug  manufacturing  facility  must  be
registered with the FDA. Domestic drug manufacturing  establishments are subject
to  routine  inspection  by the FDA and other  regulatory  authorities  and must
comply  with GMP  requirements  and any  applicable  state  or local  regulatory
requirements.   We  intend  to  use  contract   manufacturers  that  operate  in
conformance  with these  requirements  to produce  our  compounds  and  finished
products in commercial  quantities.  We cannot assure you that  manufacturing or
quality  control  problems  will not  arise at the  manufacturing  plants of our
contract  manufacturers  or that  such  manufacturers  will  have the  financial
capabilities or management  expertise to be able to adequately supply product or
maintain  compliance  with the  regulatory  requirements  necessary  to continue
manufacturing our products.

         Foreign  Regulation  of Drugs.  Whether  or not FDA  approval  has been
obtained,  approval of a product by  comparable  regulatory  authorities  may be
necessary  in foreign  countries  before the  commencement  of  marketing of the
product in such countries.  The approval  procedures vary among  countries,  can
involve additional testing,  and the time required may differ from that required
for FDA approval.  Although there are some  procedures  for unified  filings for
certain European  countries,  in general each country has its own procedures and
requirements, many of

                                       7
<PAGE>

which are time consuming and expensive. Thus, there can be substantial delays in
obtaining   required   approvals  from  both  the  FDA  and  foreign  regulatory
authorities  after  the  relevant  applications  are  filed.  We  expect to rely
principally   on   corporate   partners,   licensees   and   contract   research
organizations,  along with our  expertise,  to obtain  governmental  approval in
foreign countries of drug formulations utilizing our compounds.

         Other Government Regulation. In addition to regulations enforced by the
FDA,  Cellegy is also subject to regulation  under the  Occupational  Safety and
Health Act, the Environmental  Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act,
the Resource  Conservation  and Recovery Act and other similar federal and state
laws regarding, among other things, occupational safety, the use and handling of
radioisotopes,   environmental   protection  and  hazardous  substance  control.
Although we believe that we have complied with these laws and regulations in all
material  respects and have not been  required to take any action to correct any
noncompliance,  there can be no  assurance  that Cellegy will not be required to
incur  significant  costs to comply  with  environmental  and  health and safety
regulations in the future. Our research and development  involves the controlled
use of  hazardous  materials,  chemicals,  and  various  radioactive  compounds.
Although we believe that our safety  procedures  for  handling and  disposing of
such  materials  comply  with the  standards  prescribed  by state  and  federal
regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials
cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of such an accident, Cellegy could
be held liable for any damages that result and any such  liability  could exceed
our resources.

         Health Care Reform. In the United States,  there have been, and Cellegy
expects  there will  continue to be, a number of federal and state  proposals to
implement  cost  controls  and other  health care  regulatory  measures.  Future
legislation  could  result in a  substantial  restructuring  of the health  care
delivery  system.  While we cannot predict whether any legislative or regulatory
proposals will be adopted or the effect such proposals may have on our business,
the uncertainty of such proposals could have a negative effect on our ability to
raise capital and to identify and reach agreements with potential partners,  and
the adoption of such proposals could have an adverse effect on Cellegy.  In both
domestic and foreign markets,  sales of our therapeutic  products,  if any, will
depend in part on the  availability of reimbursement  from  third-party  payors.
There can be no assurance that our products will be considered cost effective or
that  reimbursement  will be  available.  We cannot  predict  the outcome of any
government or industry reform initiatives or the impact thereof on our financial
position or results of operations.

Competition

         The  pharmaceutical  industry is  characterized  by extensive  research
efforts and rapid and significant  technological changes. In the development and
marketing of topical  prescription  drugs,  Cellegy faces  intense  competition.
Cellegy  is much  smaller  in  terms  of size  and  resources  than  many of its
competitors in the United States and abroad, which include,  among others, major
pharmaceutical,   chemical,   consumer  product,  and  biotechnology  companies,
specialized  firms,  universities  and other  research  institutions.  Cellegy's
competitors may succeed in developing  technologies and products that are safer,
more  effective  or less  costly than any which are being  developed  by us that
would render our technology and potential products obsolete and  noncompetitive.
Many of these  competitors have  substantially  greater  financial and technical
resources,   clinical  production  and  marketing  capabilities  and  regulatory
experience  than we  have.  In  addition,  Cellegy's  products  are  subject  to
competition from existing products.  For example,  Cellegy's Tostrex product, if
commercialized,  is expected to compete  with a currently  marketed  transdermal
patch product sold by Watson  Pharmaceuticals  and two transdermal  testosterone
gel products marketed by Unimed/Solvay and Auxilium  Pharmaceuticals.  Cellegy's
Cellegesic   product,   if   commercialized,   is  expected   to  compete   with
over-the-counter  products,  such as  Preparation  H marketed by  American  Home
Products, and various other prescription products. As a result, we cannot assure
you  that  Cellegy's   products  under  development  will  be  able  to  compete
successfully with existing products or innovative  products under development by
other organizations.

         Therapies for sexual  dysfunction and women's health products represent
a large market  opportunity,  especially as the overall population  continues to
age. As the size of the market continues to grow,  competition will expand.  The
approval and marketing of competitive products and other products that treat the
indications  targeted by Cellegy could adversely affect the market acceptance of
Cellegy's  products.  The presence of directly  competitive  products could also
result in more intense price competition than might otherwise exist, which could
have a material  adverse effect on Cellegy.  Cellegy is aware of other companies
that  are  developing  testosterone  replacement  products  for

                                       8
<PAGE>

women  and two  testosterone  replacement  products  for men.  We  believe  that
competition  will be intense for all of its female and male  sexual  dysfunction
product candidates.

Employees

         As of March 11,  2003,  we had  twenty  full-time  and three  part-time
employees.  Thirteen of these employees,  of whom 2 are M.D.'s and another 5 are
Ph.D.'s,  are engaged in clinical  research and  development.  In  addition,  we
utilize the services of several  professional  consultants,  as well as contract
manufacturing  and research  organizations  to supplement  our internal  staff's
activities.  None of our employees  are  represented  by a labor union.  We have
experienced  no work  stoppages  and we believe that our employee  relations are
good.


ITEM 2: PROPERTIES

         Cellegy  currently  leases 65,340 square feet of space located in South
San  Francisco,  California  with an estimated  2003 rental cost of $106,000 per
month or $1,270,000 for 2003.  Approximately 48,613 square feet of this space is
currently  subleased  to one tenant  with an  estimated  2003  rental  income of
approximately  $91,000 per month or $1,100,000  for 2003. We believe our current
facilities  will be adequate  for our needs for  expansion  for the  foreseeable
future.


ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         Cellegy is not a party to any material legal proceedings.


ITEM 4: SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No matters  were  submitted  to a vote of our  shareholders  during the
fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2002.

                                       9
<PAGE>

ITEM 4A: EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

                                   MANAGEMENT


The executive officers of Cellegy are as follows:

Name                        Age    Position
----                        ---    --------
K. Michael Forrest          59     Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer
                                     and Director
Daniel L. Azarnoff, M.D.    76     Senior Vice President, Medical and Regulatory
                                     Affairs
John J. Chandler            61     Vice President, Corporate Development
A. Richard Juelis           54     Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial
                                     Officer
David A. Karlin, M.D.       60     Vice President, Clinical Research


         K. Michael  Forrest.  Mr. Forrest  became  Chairman in May 2000 and has
been  President,  CEO, and a director since December 1996.  From January 1996 to
November 1996, he served as a  biotechnology  consultant.  From November 1994 to
December  1995,  he served as President and CEO of Mercator  Genetics,  a public
biotechnology  company. From March 1991 to June 1994, he served as President and
CEO of Transkaryotic Therapies,  Inc., a public biotechnology company. From 1968
to 1991,  Mr.  Forrest held a series of positions  with Pfizer,  Inc. and senior
management positions with American Cyanamid, including Vice President of Lederle
U.S.  and Lederle  International.  He is a director of INEX  Pharmaceuticals,  a
public company developing anti-cancer products.

         Daniel L. Azarnoff, M.D. Dr. Azarnoff joined Cellegy as Vice President,
Clinical and Regulatory Affairs in October 1997. He became Senior Vice President
in July 1999, and in February of 2001 was given the additional responsibility of
Medical  Director.  Since January 1986, Dr.  Azarnoff has been President of D.L.
Azarnoff  Associates  and  continues  consulting  to the industry on a part-time
basis. From August 1978 to December 1985, he served as President of Research and
Development  at G.D.  Searle and Co. From July 1967 to August 1978,  he was KUMC
Distinguished Professor of Medicine and Pharmacology, as well as the Director of
the Clinical  Pharmacology-Toxicology Center at the University of Kansas Medical
Center.  Dr.  Azarnoff  has also  served  as a member  of  advisory  and  expert
committees within the Food and Drug  Administration,  World Health Organization,
American  Medical  Association,   National  Academy  of  Sciences  and  National
Institutes of Health.  Dr.  Azarnoff is a member of The Institute of Medicine of
the National  Academy of Sciences.  He received his M.D. from the  University of
Kansas  Medical  School.  Dr.  Azarnoff is currently  director of Western Center
Clinical Trials.

         John  J.  Chandler.  Mr.  Chandler  became  Vice  President,  Corporate
Development  in May 1998.  From  January  1995 to March 1998,  he served as Vice
President,  Europe for the Medical  Device  Division of American Home  Products.
During  1994,  he was Area  Director,  Europe/Latin  America for  American  Home
Products.  From  1968 to  1993,  he  held a  series  of  management  and  senior
management  positions  with American  Cyanamid  Company.  Mr.  Chandler holds an
M.B.A.  in Marketing  from Seton Hall  University and a B.S. in Biology from the
Queens College of the City University of New York.

         A. Richard Juelis. Mr. Juelis became Vice President,  Finance and Chief
Financial  Officer in November  1994.  From January  1993 to  September  1994 he
served as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer for VIVUS, Inc., a
publicly  traded drug delivery  company.  From October 1990 to December 1992, he
served  as  Vice  President,   Finance  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  at  XOMA
Corporation,  a public biotechnology  company. Mr. Juelis has also held domestic
and  international  financial and general  management  positions for seven years
each with  Hoffmann-LaRoche  and  Schering-Plough.  He holds a B.S. in Chemistry
from Fordham University and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.

         David A. Karlin,  M.D. Dr.  Karlin  joined  Cellegy as Vice  President,
Clinical Research in October 2002. From February 2002 to July 2002, he served as
Vice  President,  Clinical  Development  for  Genteric,  Inc., a privately  held
company  specializing  in gene therapy.  From August 1999 to October  2001,  Dr.
Karlin was Senior Medical Director at Matrix Pharmacetuticals, a cancer and drug
delivery  company.  He  was  Vice  President,   Clinical  Research  at

                                       10
<PAGE>

SciClone  Pharmaceuticals from 1995 to 1999. Prior to SciClone,  Dr. Karlin held
various positions at Syntex Corporation over a nine-year period.  Before joining
the  pharmaceutical  industry,  Dr. Karlin was an Associate  Professor at Temple
University School of Medicine and an Assistant  Professor at University of Texas
M.D.  Anderson  Hospital  and  Tumor  Institute.  He  was an  instructor  at the
University  of  Chicago,   where  he  received  his  medical  degree,   and  had
Gastroenterology and Gastrointestinal Oncology training at that University .

                                       11
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Price Range of Common Stock

         Cellegy's  common  stock  currently  trades on The Nasdaq  Stock Market
under the symbol  "CLGY." The  following  table sets forth the range of high and
low sales prices for the common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market for
the periods indicated below.

2002                                                          High        Low
----                                                          ----        ---
First Quarter........................................       $ 8.80       $ 5.15
Second Quarter.......................................         6.90         2.02
Third Quarter........................................         2.44         1.66
Fourth Quarter.......................................         4.35         1.50

2001
----
First Quarter........................................       $  7.37     $  4.31
Second Quarter.......................................          7.75        4.20
Third Quarter........................................          7.08        5.01
Fourth Quarter.......................................          9.15        6.36


Holders

         As of March 11, 2003,  there were  approximately  200  shareholders  of
record excluding beneficial holders of stock held in street name.

Dividend Policy

         We have never paid cash or declared  dividends on our common stock.  We
do not anticipate that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future.

         Information with respect to equity  compensation plans that is required
by this Item will be included in our proxy statement for the 2003 annual meeting
of shareholders  under the heading "Equity  Compensation  Plans",  and is hereby
incorporated by reference.

                                       12
<PAGE>

ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following  selected  historical  information  has been derived from
audited  financial  statements  of  Cellegy.  The  financial  information  as of
December 31, 2002 and 2001 and for each of the three earlier years in the period
ended December 31 are derived from audited financial  statements.  The financial
statements,  related  notes  thereto,  and the  section  entitled  "Management's
Discussion  and  Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and  Results of  Operations"
included elsewhere in this Form 10-K should be read carefully. The selected data
is not intended to replace the financial statements.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     ($000's)                                                                      Years ended December 31,
                                                           ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             2002            2001            2000            1999            1998
                                                           --------        --------        --------        --------        --------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Statement of Operations Data:

Revenues ...........................................       $  1,402        $    877        $  1,586        $  1,045        $    832
Costs and expenses (1) .............................         17,859          21,847          13,573          10,847           9,266
                                                           --------        --------        --------        --------        --------
Loss from operations ...............................        (16,457)        (20,970)        (11,987)         (9,802)         (8,434)

Interest income and other net and
interest expense ...................................            521           1,505             569             501           1,068
                                                           --------        --------        --------        --------        --------
Net loss ...........................................       $(15,936)       $(19,465)       $(11,418)       $ (9,301)       $ (7,366)
                                                           ========        ========        ========        ========        ========
Basic and diluted net loss per common
  shareholder ......................................       $  (0.90)       $  (1.26)       $  (0.91)       $  (0.85)       $ (0.73))
                                                           ========        ========        ========        ========        ========
Weighted average common shares
  outstanding ......................................         17,643          15,503          12,542          10,914          10,160
</TABLE>

(1) For the year ended December 31, 2002, Cellegy recorded non-cash compensation
expense totaling $1,017,000, with approximately $961,000 occurring in the fourth
quarter.  The  largest  portion  of these  non-cash  charges  was  approximately
$695,000  relating  to the  modification  of certain  previously  granted  stock
options.  The  modification  reduced the number of shares subject to the options
and was  implemented in connection with the restoration of salaries and fees for
certain employees and board members whose  compensation had been reduced earlier
in 2002. Even though the modification reduced the number of outstanding options,
under generally accepted accounting  principles,  the modification resulted in a
variable  option  accounting  charge with  respect to the vested  portion of the
modified options. The amount of the charge reflected in the financial statements
is based on the number of options vested  multiplied by the  difference  between
the closing  price of our common  stock and the original  exercise  price of the
options at year end.  During the year  ended  December  31,  2001,  we  recorded
non-cash   charges  of  $3,507,134  for  in-process   research  and  development
associated  with the Vaxis  acquistion  and  $750,000  in  non-cash  charges for
research and development  expenses associated with milestone payments to Neptune
Pharmaceuticals.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        December 31,
                                                           ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             2002            2001            2000            1999            1998
                                                           --------        --------        --------        --------        --------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents and investments(2) ..........       $ 23,858        $ 17,190        $ 15,923        $ 16,737        $ 15,220

Total assets .......................................         28,379          22,367          21,259          20,913          19,484

Deficit accumulated during the
  development stage ................................        (86,312)        (70,377)        (50,912)        (39,494)        (30,192)

Total shareholders' equity .........................       $ 10,534          19,845        $ 18,794        $ 15,839        $ 14,218
</TABLE>

(2) Includes restricted cash of $227,500 in 2002 and $614,000 in 2001.

                                       13
<PAGE>

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

         This Annual Report  includes  forward-looking  statements  that involve
substantial risks and uncertainties.  These  forward-looking  statements are not
historical  facts, but rather are based on current  expectations,  estimates and
projections about our industry,  our beliefs and our assumptions.  Words such as
"believes,"  "anticipates,"  "expects,"  "intends" and similar  expressions  are
intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means
of identifying such  statements.  Our  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of
Financial   Condition   and   Results   of   Operations"   contains   many  such
forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future  performance and concern matters that involve risks and  uncertainties
that could  cause our  actual  results  to differ  materially  from those in the
forward-looking   statements.   These  risks  and  uncertainties  include  those
described in  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and
Results of  Operations - Factors That May Affect Future  Operating  Results" and
elsewhere  in this Annual  Report.  Except as required by law, we  undertake  no
obligation to revise any  forward-looking  statements in order to reflect events
or  circumstances  that may arise after the date of this Annual  Report.  Actual
events or results  may differ  materially  from those  discussed  in this Annual
Report.

         Cellegy Pharmaceuticals,  Inc., a specialty  biopharmaceutical  company
incorporated   in  California  in  1989,  is  engaged  in  the   development  of
prescription   drugs  and  skin  care  products.   We  are  developing   several
prescription  drugs,  including  two  transdermal   testosterone  gel  products,
Tostrex,  for the  treatment of male  hypogonadism,  a condition  that  afflicts
certain men, generally above the age of forty, and Tostrelle,  for the treatment
of sexual dysfunction in menopausal women. Cellegesic is our nitroglycerin-based
product for the treatment of anal fissures and hemorrhoids.

General

         In November 2001, we acquired a private  Canadian based company,  Vaxis
Therapeutics,  valued at $4.1  million.  The purchase  was payable  primarily in
shares of Cellegy stock. The purchase price was allocated to net tangible assets
of $250,000,  intangible assets of $350,000 and $3,507,000 million of in-process
research and  development.  The intangibles of $350,000 are being amortized over
five years and the in-process  research and development has been expensed in the
fourth  quarter  of 2001.  The  acquired  technology  was in an  early  stage of
development such that, as of the acquisition date, technological feasibility had
not been  reached  and no  alternative  use  existed.  The  assumptions  used in
determining the purchase price allocation were based on an appropriate  discount
rate applied to expected cash flows. The purchase  agreement provides for future
earn-out  payments  over a period of seven  years  that are based on  commercial
sales of any products  developed by Cellegy based on technologies  acquired from
Vaxis. Any contingent  consideration paid in the future will be accounted for as
a cost of  earning  the  related  revenues.  The  results of  operations  of the
acquired  company have been included in our  consolidated  financial  statements
since the acquisition date.

         In September  2002,  Cellegy and Ventiv  Health,  Inc.  terminated  the
Cellegesic  License  Agreement  based  on  the  delay  in  commercialization  of
Cellegesic  due to the  withdrawal  of the NDA and the  subsequent  decision  to
conduct another Phase III trial. Cellegy and Ventiv originally signed a six year
agreement  to  commercialize  Cellegesic,  in the United  States in August 2001.
Ventiv was to have delivered  integrated marketing and sales solutions providing
pre-launch support,  recruiting and training a sales force which would have been
jointly managed by both companies.

         In  November  2002,  we  completed a private  placement  of 2.2 million
shares of our common  stock  resulting  in  approximately  $5.5 million of gross
proceeds to Cellegy. The financing was with a single investor,  John M. Gregory,
founder and former CEO of King Pharmaceuticals and currently managing partner of
SJ Strategic Investments LLC.

         In December 2002,  Cellegy entered into an exclusive  license agreement
with PDI, Inc. to  commercialize  Tostrex in North American  markets.  Under the
terms of the agreement,  PDI's Pharmaceutical Products Group will be responsible
for the  marketing  and sale of Tostrex and will utilize its existing  sales and
marketing  infrastructure  and skills  contained  within the PDI  Pharmaceutical
Products  Group.  Cellegy  received a payment of $15.0 million on signing of the
agreement  on December  31, 2002 and will  receive a milestone  payment of $10.0
million upon

                                       14
<PAGE>

approval  of the  product  by the FDA in the United  States.  PDI will also make
royalty  payments  on net  sales  ranging  from  20% to  30%.  Cellegy  will  be
responsible for supplying  finished  product to PDI through  Cellegy's  contract
manufacturer.

Critical Accounting Policies

         Use of Estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial statements,
in  conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the United
States,  requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the
amounts  reported in the financial  statements and  accompanying  notes.  Actual
results could differ from those estimates.  We have identified below some of our
more significant  accounting policies.  For further discussion of our accounting
policies, see Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Revenue Recognition.  Revenues related to cost reimbursement provisions
under  development  contracts are  recognized as the costs  associated  with the
projects  are  incurred.   Revenues   related  to  milestones   specified  under
development contracts are recognized as the milestones are achieved. Cellegy has
received certain  government  grants that support our research effort in defined
research projects.  These grants generally provide for reimbursement of approved
costs incurred as defined in the various grants.  Revenues associated with these
grants are recognized as costs under each grant are incurred.  Revenues  related
to product sales are  recognized  upon shipment when title to the goods has been
transferred to the customer.  There is no right of return for our Rectogesic and
skin care product sales.

         Up-front payments,  such as the $15.0 million payment received from PDI
for the Tostrex  license,  are recorded as deferred revenue at the time the cash
is received. Amounts are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the
longer of the life of the contract or the service period.  Royalties  payable to
Cellegy  under the PDI License  Agreement  will be recognized as earned when the
royalties are no longer  refundable to PDI under certain  minimum  royalty terms
defined in the agreement.

         Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and Goodwill. Goodwill of $814,000 and
other  intangible  assets of  $382,000  are  included in our  December  31, 2002
balance sheet.  Management  reviews goodwill for impairment  either on an annual
basis or  quarterly  if an event  occurs that might reduce the fair value of the
long-lived  asset below its carrying value.  All other long-lived and intangible
assets are reviewed for impairment  whenever  events or  circumstances  indicate
that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss
would be recognized  based on the  difference  between the carrying value of the
asset and its estimated  fair value,  which would be determined  based on either
discounted  future  cash  flows or other  appropriate  fair value  methods.  The
evaluation of goodwill and other intangibles for impairment  requires management
to use  significant  judgments  and  estimates  including,  but not  limited to,
projected future revenue, operating results, and cash flows.

         Although  management  currently believes that the estimates used in the
evaluation of goodwill and other intangibles are reasonable, differences between
actual and expected revenue,  operating results, and cash flow could cause these
assets to be deemed impaired.  If an impairment were to occur,  Cellegy would be
required to charge to earnings the  write-down  in value of such  assets,  which
could have a material  adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
position.

         Clinical  Trial  Expenses.  Clinical  trial  expenses  are  payable  to
clinical sites and clinical research  organizations.  Expenses for both of these
groups are accrued on a straight-line  basis over the contracted  period subject
to  adjustment  for  actual  activity  based on such  factors  as the  number of
subjects enrolled and number of subjects that have completed  treatment for each
trial. A monthly  reconciliation  of costs accrued to cost incurred is performed
by Cellegy's clinical project managers and the finance  department.  However, if
activity   levels   associated  with  trials  at  a  given  point  in  time  are
underestimated,  we would have to record  additional  research  and  development
expenses in future periods that could be significant.

         Investment  Policy.  Cellegy is subject to certain credit risk from our
investment in marketable securities.  By policy, we restrict amounts invested by
investment type and by issuer, except for securities issued by the United States
government.  Cellegy has an investment  policy that is approved and periodically
reviewed by our Audit  Committee.  The policy  states that  investments  must be
highly liquid with maturities of less than three years.

                                       15
<PAGE>

Cellegy's policy limits investments to the following:  direct obligations of the
United States Government or fully guaranteed by a government agency or by any of
the states.  Investments  must have a rating of A1/P1 or A by Standard and Poors
(or an  equivalent  rating);  money market  instruments  must be a member of the
Federal Reserve System with a net worth of at least $100 million and a rating of
A1/AA by Standard and Poors (or equivalent  rating).  Any exception to the above
requires  approval  of the  Chief  Financial  Officer  and the  Chief  Executive
Officer.

Results of Operations

Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000

         Revenues. Cellegy had revenues of $1,402,000,  $877,000, and $1,586,000
in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.  Revenues in 2002 consisted of $1,081,000,
relating to product  sales  primarily to Gryphon  Development  ("Gryphon"),  the
product  development arm of a major specialty  retailer,  $275,000 in Rectogesic
ointment sales in Australia and $46,000 in Canadian government grants.  Revenues
in 2001  consisted  of  $660,000  in product  sales to Gryphon  and  $217,000 in
Rectogesic  sales in  Australia.  Revenues in 2000  consisted of  $1,389,000  in
product sales to Gryphon, $125,000 in Rectogesic sales and $72,000 in SBIR grant
funding.  The increase of $525,000 in total  revenues in 2002 compared with 2001
was  primarily  due to a $421,000 or 64% increase in Gryphon  sales  relating to
additional  unit  sales,  a $58,000 or 27%  increase in  Rectogesic  sales and a
$46,000 increase in Canadian  grants.  The decrease of $709,000 in total revenue
in 2001  compared  with 2000 was  primarily due to a $729,000 or 52% decrease in
Gryphon sales, a $72,000 grant funding completed in 2000, offset by a $92,000 or
74% increase in Rectogesic sales.

         Research and Development  Expenses.  Research and development  expenses
were  $10,672,000  in 2002 compared with  $14,098,000  in 2001 and $9,574,000 in
2000. Total research and development  expenses  represented 61%, 65%, and 36% of
our  total  operating  expenses  in 2002,  2001 and  2000,  respectively.  Total
research  and  development  expenses in 2002  compared  with 2001  decreased  by
$3,426,000 or by 24%. The decrease was due to completion of the Cellegesic Phase
III clinical  trial and the  completion  of smaller  Tostrex  trials in 2001 and
non-cash  charges of $750,000  relating to  milestone  payments  made to Neptune
Pharmaceuticals in 2001. The increase of $1,098,000 or 11% in 2002 compared with
2000 was  primarily  due to spending  associated  with the Tostrex Phase III NDA
filing  costs and  non-cash  compensation  charges  relating  to stock  options.
Research and  development  expenses  include  salaries and benefits,  laboratory
supplies,  external research  programs,  clinical studies and allocated overhead
costs such as rent,  supplies  and  utilities.  In  addition  to  clinical  site
payments,  clinical  costs include the  manufacturing  of clinical  supplies and
related costs associated with product testing stability studies.

         We  expect  our  research  and  development  expenses  in  2003  to  be
approximately  equal to 2002  levels.  Major  expenses are planned for our Phase
II/III Tostrelle  clinical study, the pending  Cellegesic  Phase III trial,  and
for  support of ongoing  research in Cellegy  Canada.  Unexpected  increases  in
research and development  expenses may occur if the FDA requires  further trials
to support our NDA for Tostrex.

         Selling,  General and  Administrative  Expenses.  Selling,  general and
administrative expenses were $6,816,000 in 2002 compared with $4,042,000 in 2001
and  $3,631,000 in 2000.  The increases in 2002 compared with both 2001 and 2000
consisted   primarily  of  sales  and  marketing  expenses  totaling  $2,094,000
primarily related to Cellegesic pre-launch activities in the first half of 2002.
In addition,  we incurred non-cash  compensation expenses and investment banking
fees,  slightly  offset by decreases in general  office  expenses.  Our selling,
general and administrative  expenses are expected to increase in the second half
of  2003  in  support  of  our   business   development   programs  and  product
commercialization efforts.

         Acquired-In-Process   Research  and  Development.   Acquired-in-process
research and  development  expenses of $3,507,000 were incurred during 2001 as a
result of the Vaxis acquisition.  There were no acquired-in-process research and
development  expenses incurred during 2002 and 2000. The acquired technology was
at  an  early  state  of  development  such  that,  at  the  acquisition   date,
technological feasibility had not been reached and no alternative use existed.

                                       16
<PAGE>

         Interest Income and Other Net and Interest Expense.  Cellegy recognized
$548,000 in interest income and other net, for 2002, compared with $1,532,000 in
2001, and $770,000 for 2000.  Reductions in interest  income were tied primarily
to lower average  investment  balances,  interest rates and rental income during
2002.  Interest expenses were  approximately  $27,000 in both, 2002 and 2001 and
$201,000 in 2000. Interest expenses for 2002 and 2001 were related to the Ventiv
loan  and a  separate  commercial  bank  loan,  respectively.  Interest  expense
decreased by $174,000 in 2001  compared  with 2000 due to the full  repayment of
commercial  bank loan in 2001.  Other income includes net rental income from our
sub-lessees  of $119,000 in 2002,  $897,000 in 2001, and $80,000 in 2000. One of
Cellegy's earlier sub-lease agreements expired in December 2001 and was replaced
by a new sublease agreement which became effective in August 2002.

         Net Loss. The net loss in 2002 was $15,936,000 or $0.90 per share based
on 17,643,000 weighted average shares outstanding  compared with the net loss in
2001 of  $19,465,000  or $1.26 per share based on  15,503,000  weighted  average
shares  outstanding.  In 2000,  our net loss was  $11,418,000 or $0.91 per share
based on 12,542,000 weighted average shares outstanding.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

         We have  experienced  net losses  from  operations  each year since our
inception.  Through December 31, 2002, we had incurred an accumulated deficit of
$86.3 million and had consumed cash from operations of $53.1 million.  Cash from
equity  financing  transactions  have included $6.4 million in net proceeds from
our initial public  offering in August 1995, $6.8 million in net proceeds from a
preferred  stock  financing in April 1996,  $3.8 million in net proceeds  from a
private  placement of common stock in July 1997,  $13.8  million in net proceeds
from a follow-on public offering in November 1997, $10.0 million in net proceeds
from a private  placement in July 1999,  $11.6  million in net  proceeds  from a
private  placement in October 2000, $15.2 million in net proceeds from a private
placement in June 2001 and $5.2 million in net proceeds from a private placement
in November 2002.

         Our cash and  investments  were $23.9  million  at  December  31,  2002
compared  with $17.2  million at  December  31,  2001,  including  $227,000  and
$614,000 of restricted cash, respectively.  The increase in cash and investments
of $6.6 million in 2002 was  principally  due to the net proceeds  from the $5.2
million  financing  completed in November and $15.0 million in upfront  payments
from the licensing agreement with PDI in December, partially offset by other net
cash used in operating  activities of  approximately  $13.4 million.  During the
fourth quarter of 2002, we had an operating burn rate of approximately  $800,000
per  month;  we  expect  the burn rate for the  first  quarter  of 2003 to be at
approximately the same level as the prior quarter.  However, our operations have
used and will  continue  to use  increased  amounts of cash in future  quarters.
Future  expenditures  and  capital   requirements  depend  on  numerous  factors
including,  without  limitation,  the  progress  and focus of our  research  and
development  programs,  the  progress and results of  pre-clinical  and clinical
testing,  the time and costs  involved in obtaining  regulatory  approvals,  the
costs of filing,  prosecuting,  defending  and  enforcing  any patent claims and
other  intellectual  property rights, our ability to establish new collaborative
arrangement and the initiation of commercialization  activities and the purchase
of capital equipment and working capital increases  associated with the scale up
and manufacture of Tostrex.

         We have a ten-year  operating lease commitment on our facility with our
current  landlord.  Our operating lease  commitments are $1,288,000 for 2003 and
$7,036,000  thereafter in annual amounts of approximately  $1.3 to $1.5 million.
Information  about this  commitment  as of December 31, 2002 is presented in the
table below (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Contractual
 Obligations                                   Total               2003            2004 - 2005       2006 - 2007        Thereafter
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>
Operating lease                                $8,324             $1,288             $2,691             $2,854             $1,491
</TABLE>


         In order to complete the research and development and other  activities
necessary to commercialize our products,  additional financing will be required.
As a result,  we will seek  private  or public  equity  investments  and  future
collaborative arrangements or other transactions with third parties to meet such
needs. There is no assurance that financing will be available for us to fund our
operations on acceptable terms, if at all.  Insufficient  funding may

                                       17
<PAGE>

require  us to  delay,  reduce  or  eliminate  some or all of our  research  and
development  activities,  planned clinical  trials,  marketing,  sales,  product
promotion and administrative  programs. We believe that available cash resources
and the interest  thereon will be adequate to satisfy our capital  needs through
at least December 31, 2004.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

         In December  2002,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board issued
Statement   No. 148 ("FAS  148"),  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation -
Transition and  Disclosure."  FAS 148 amends FAS 123 "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation"  to provide  alternative  methods of  transition  for a  voluntary
change to the fair value based method of  accounting  for  stock-based  employee
compensation. In addition, FAS 148 amends the disclosure requirements of FAS 123
to require  more  prominent  disclosures  in both annual and  interim  financial
statements about the method of accounting for stock-based employee  compensation
and the effect of the method used on reported results. The additional disclosure
requirements of FAS 148 are effective for fiscal years ending after December 15,
2002.  We have  elected to  continue  to follow the  intrinsic  value  method of
accounting as prescribed by Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. 25 (or APB
25),  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to Employees," to account for employee stock
options.

Factors That May Affect Future Operating Results

         This report contains forward-looking  statements that involve risks and
uncertainties.  Our actual  results  may differ  significantly  from the results
discussed  in this Annual  Report.  Factors  that might cause such a  difference
include, but are not limited to, those discussed below.

We are subject to regulation by regulatory  authorities including the FDA, which
could delay or prevent marketing of our products. Unexpected regulatory outcomes
could adversely affect our business and stock price.

         Cellegy's prescription product candidates, and our ongoing research and
clinical activities such as those relating to our product candidates Cellegesic,
Tostrex and  Tostrelle,  are subject to  extensive  regulation  by  governmental
regulatory  authorities  in the  United  States and other  countries.  Before we
obtain  regulatory  approval  for  the  commercial  sale of our  potential  drug
products,  we must demonstrate through  pre-clinical studies and clinical trials
that the product is safe and efficacious for use in the clinical  indication for
which approval is sought. The timing of NDA submissions,  the outcome of reviews
by the FDA and the  initiation  and  completion  of other  clinical  trials  are
subject to uncertainty,  change and unforeseen  delays.  Under the  Prescription
Drug User Fee Act, the FDA  establishes  a target date to complete its review of
an NDA.  Although  the FDA  attempts to respond by the  relevant  PADUFA date to
companies which file NDAs, there is no assurance or obligation on the FDA's part
to do so. For example, because Cellegy has not received feedback from the FDA on
certain  parts  of  our  Tostrex  NDA  submission,  the  FDA  could  extend  the
approvability  decision for this NDA beyond the current  PADUFA date of April 6,
2003.  In  addition,   extensive  current   pre-clinical  and  clinical  testing
requirements  and the  current  regulatory  approval  process  of the FDA in the
United States and of certain foreign regulatory  authorities,  or new government
regulations, could prevent or delay regulatory approval of Cellegy's products.

         The  process  of   developing   and   obtaining   approval  for  a  new
pharmaceutical  product within this  regulatory  framework  requires a number of
years and the  expenditure of substantial  resources.  There can be no assurance
that necessary  approvals will be obtained on a timely basis,  if at all. Delays
in obtaining regulatory approvals could have a material adverse effect on us. If
we fail to comply with applicable regulatory  requirements,  we could be subject
to a wide variety of serious  administrative or judicially imposed sanctions and
penalties,  any of which would  materially  and  adversely  affect our business,
results of operations and stock price.

         Disagreements  may occur in the future,  and one or more of our ongoing
or planned  clinical  trials  could be delayed or be  required to be repeated in
order to satisfy regulatory  requirements.  The FDA could impose requirements on
future trials that could delay or prevent the  regulatory  approval  process for
Tostrex,  Cellegesic or Tostrelle.  For example, in June 2002, Cellegy announced
that it had  submitted  an NDA  for  Tostrex  including  data  from a Phase  III
clinical  study  using  Tostrex  to treat  male  hypogonadism.  There  can be no
assurance  that the FDA will  find the  trial  data,  the  statistical  analysis
methodology used by Cellegy,  or other sections of the NDA sufficient to approve
Tostrex  for  marketing  in the United  States.  The FDA could  require  further
trials,  decide  to  have an

                                       18
<PAGE>

Advisory Panel review the submission,  with an uncertain outcome of such panel's
recommendation,  or  take  other  actions  having  the  effect  of  delaying  or
preventing  commercial  introduction of Tostrex.  If the FDA delays its response
beyond the current  PADUFA date for our Tostrex NDA, our business  plans and the
market price of our common stock would be adversely affected.

         Sales of Cellegy's  products  outside the United  States are subject to
different  regulatory  requirements  governing  clinical  trials  and  marketing
approval. These requirements vary widely from country to country and could delay
introduction of Cellegy's products in those countries.

Our clinical  trial  results are very  difficult to predict in advance,  and the
clinical  trial  process is subject to  delays.Failure  of one or more  clinical
trials or delays in trial completion could adversely affect our business and our
stock price.

         Results of  pre-clinical  studies and early clinical  trials may not be
good predictors of results that will be obtained in later-stage clinical trials.
We  cannot  assure  you  that  Cellegy's  present  or  future  clinical  trials,
including,  for example,  the current  Phase II/III  study for  Tostrelle,  will
demonstrate  the results  required to continue  advanced trial  development  and
allow us to seek  marketing  approval for this or our other product  candidates.
Because of the independent  and blind nature of certain human clinical  testing,
there will be extended periods during the testing process when we will have only
limited,  or no, access to information about the status or results of the tests.
Other  pharmaceutical  companies  have  believed that their  products  performed
satisfactorily  in early tests,  only to find their  performance in later tests,
including Phase III clinical trials, to be inadequate or unsatisfactory, or that
FDA Advisory  Committees  have declined to recommend  approval of the drugs,  or
that the FDA itself refused approval, with the result that such companies' stock
prices have fallen precipitously.

         Delays in the clinical  trial process can be extremely  costly in terms
of lost sales  opportunities and increased  clinical trial costs. The speed with
which we complete our clinical trials and our regulatory submissions,  including
NDAs, will depend on several factors, including the following:

o        the rate of patient  enrollment,  which is  affected by the size of the
         patient  population,  the proximity of patients to clinical sites,  the
         difficulty  of the entry  criteria  for the study and the nature of the
         protocol;

o        the timely  completion of clinical site protocol approval and obtaining
         informed consent from subjects;

o        analysis of data  obtained  from  preclinical  and clinical  activities
         which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval;

o        changes in policies or staff  personnel at regulatory  agencies  during
         the lengthy drug application review; and

o        the  availability of experienced  staff to conduct and monitor clinical
         studies, internally or through contract research organizations.

We have a history  of  losses,  and we expect  losses to  continue  for at least
several years.

         Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2002 was approximately $86.3
million.  We have never  operated  profitably  and,  given our planned  level of
operating expenses,  we expect to continue to incur losses for at least the next
two years.  We plan to increase our operating  expenses as we continue to devote
significant resources to pre-clinical studies, clinical trials,  administrative,
marketing,  sales  and  patent  activities.   Accordingly,  without  substantial
revenues from new corporate collaborations,  royalties on product sales or other
revenue  sources,  we  expect  to  incur  substantial  operating  losses  in the
foreseeable future as our potential products move into commercialization, and we
continue to invest in research and clinical  trials.  Our losses may increase in
the future,  and even if we achieve our revenue  targets,  we may not be able to
sustain or increase  profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. The amount of
future net losses, and the time required to reach profitability, are both highly
uncertain.  To achieve  sustained

                                       19
<PAGE>

profitable  operations,  we must,  among other  things,  successfully  discover,
develop, obtain regulatory approvals for and market pharmaceutical  products. We
cannot assure you that we will ever be able to achieve or sustain profitability.

Our prospects for obtaining additional financing, if required, are uncertain and
failure to obtain needed financing could affect our ability to develop or market
products.

         Throughout our history,  we have consumed  substantial amounts of cash.
Our cash needs are expected to continue to increase over, at least, the next two
years in order to fund the  additional  expenses  required to expand our current
research  and  development  programs  and to  commercialize  our  products  once
regulatory  approvals  have been  obtained.  Cellegy  has no  current  source of
significant  ongoing  revenues or capital beyond existing cash and  investments,
certain  product  sales  of  Rectogesic  in  Australia,  sales to  Gryphon,  the
development  subsidiary of a major  specialty  retailer,  and possible  payments
under our license  agreement with PDI relating to Tostrex.  In order to complete
the research and development and other activities necessary to commercialize our
products, additional financing will be required.

         Cellegy  will seek  private  or public  equity  investments  and future
collaborative  arrangements  with third  parties to help fund future cash needs.
Such funding may not be  available on  acceptable  terms,  if at all.  Including
proceeds from a private  placement  financing  during 2002 and upfront  payments
received  from the  Tostrex  license  agreement  in the fourth  quarter of 2002,
Cellegy  believes that  available  cash  resources  and interest  earned will be
adequate to satisfy its capital needs through at least December 31, 2004.

The type and scope of patent  coverage we have may limit the commercial  success
of our products.

         Cellegy's  success  depends,  in part,  on our ability to obtain patent
protection for our products and methods,  both in the United States and in other
countries.  Several  of  Cellegy's  products  and  product  candidates,  such as
Cellegesic,  Tostrex  and  Tostrelle,  are based on  existing  molecules  with a
history of use in humans but which are being developed by us for new therapeutic
uses or in novel delivery systems which enhance  therapeutic  utility. We cannot
obtain composition patent claims on the compounds  themselves,  and will instead
need to rely on patent claims,  if any, directed to use of the compound to treat
certain conditions or to specific  formulations.  This is the case, for example,
with our  United  States  patents  relating  to  Cellegesic  and  Tostrex.  Such
method-of-use  patents may provide less protection than a  composition-of-matter
patent,  because  of the  possibility  of  "off-label"  use of the  composition.
Cellegy  may  not be  able to  prevent  a  competitor  from  using  a  different
formulation or compound for a different purpose.  No assurance can be given that
any additional  patents will be issued to us, that the protection of any patents
that may be issued in the future will be significant,  or that current or future
patents will be held valid if subsequently challenged.

         The  patent  position  of  companies  engaged  in  businesses  such  as
Cellegy's business generally is uncertain and involves complex legal and factual
questions.  There is a substantial  backlog of patent applications at the United
States Patent and Trademark Office  ("USPTO").  Patents in the United States are
issued to the party that is first to invent the claimed invention.  There can be
no assurance  that any patent  applications  relating to  Cellegy's  products or
methods  will issue as  patents,  or, if issued,  that the  patents  will not be
challenged,  invalidated or circumvented  or that the rights granted  thereunder
will provide us a competitive  advantage.  For example, we earlier reported that
two  oppositions  had been filed with the European  Patent Office  regarding our
European patent protecting the manufacture and use of nitroglycerin ointment and
related  compounds for the treatment of anal disorders,  including  fissures and
various  hemorrhoidal  conditions.  An  adverse  outcome  in  either  opposition
proceeding could have a negative effect on Cellegy, impacting the success of our
marketing efforts in Europe.

         In  addition,  many other  organizations  are engaged in  research  and
product development  efforts in drug delivery and topical  formulations that may
overlap with Cellegy's  products.  Such organizations may currently have, or may
obtain in the future,  legally  blocking  proprietary  rights,  including patent
rights, in one or more products or methods under development or consideration by
Cellegy.  These rights may prevent us from  commercializing  technology,  or may
require  Cellegy  to  obtain  a  license  from  the  organizations  to  use  the
technology.  Cellegy  may not be able to obtain  any such  licenses  that may be
required on reasonable  financial  terms, if at all, and cannot be sure that the

                                       20
<PAGE>

patents underlying any such licenses will be valid or enforceable. Moreover, the
laws of certain foreign  countries do not protect  intellectual  property rights
relating to United States  patents as  extensively as those rights are protected
in the United  States.  The  issuance of a patent in one country does not assure
the  issuance  of a patent with  similar  claims in another  country,  and claim
interpretation and infringement laws vary among countries,  so the extent of any
patent  protection  is uncertain  and may vary in different  countries.  As with
other companies in the pharmaceutical  industry, we are subject to the risk that
persons  located in other  countries  will engage in  development,  marketing or
sales  activities  of products  that would  infringe  our patent  rights if such
activities were in the United States.

Our product sales strategy involving corporate partners is highly uncertain.

         Cellegy is seeking to enter into  agreements  with  corporate  partners
regarding  commercialization  of our lead  product  candidates.  Other  than the
recently  completed  Tostrex  license  agreement  with  PDI,  Cellegy  does  not
currently  have any other  agreements  with third parties to  commercialize  our
product candidates.  Cellegy may not be able to establish any such collaborative
arrangements and we may not have the resources or the experience to successfully
commercialize  any such  products  on our own.  Failure  to enter  into any such
arrangements could prevent, delay or otherwise have a material adverse effect on
our ability to develop and market Tostrex in markets outside of North America or
other products that we desire to commercialize through third party arrangements.

         With the current and future planned corporate partner arrangements,  we
may rely on our partners to conduct clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals
and, if approved, manufacture,  distribute, market or co-promote these products.
However,  reliance  on third  party  partners  can create  risks to our  product
commercialization  efforts. Once agreements are completed,  particularly if they
are completed at a relatively  early stage of product  development,  Cellegy may
have little or no control over the  development or marketing of these  potential
products and little or no  opportunity  to review  clinical data before or after
public  announcement  of  results.   Further,   any  arrangements  that  may  be
established may not be successful.

         In its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002,
PDI  dislosed  that on January 6, 2003,  it was named as a defendant  in a state
court  action by  Auxilium  Pharmaceuticals,  Inc.;  that  Auxilium  was seeking
monetary damages and injunctive relief, based on several claims related to PDI's
alleged  breaches of its contract sales force agreement with Auxilium and claims
that PDI  misappropriated  and is  misappropriating  Auxilium's trade secrets in
connection  with PDI's  exclusive  license  agreement with us; that a hearing in
Auxilium's  preliminary  injunction  motion was conducted on February 11 through
13, 2003 and the court did not reach a  decision;  that final  arguments  in the
hearing were scheduled for March 2003; that PDI intended to continue  contesting
the case vigorously; and that PDI believed the likelihood of any order enjoining
PDI from marketing and selling under its agreement  with us for any  significant
time was unlikely,  as was the  likelihood of any material  damage award against
PDI. An adverse outcome in that litigation  might adversely affect PDI's ability
to  perform  its  obligations  under our  agreement  with PDI and could  have an
adverse  effect  on  our  ability  to  timely  and  successfully  introduce  and
commercialize our Tostrex product.

We do not have any  history  of  manufacturing  products,  and we have a limited
number of critical suppliers.

         Cellegy has no direct experience in manufacturing commercial quantities
of products and currently does not have any capacity to manufacture  products on
a large  commercial  scale.  We currently  rely on a limited  number of contract
manufacturers,  primarily  PanGeo  Pharma,  and  suppliers  to  manufacture  our
formulations.  Although  we  believe  that there will be  adequate  third  party
manufacturers,  there  can be no  assurance  that we will be able to enter  into
acceptable  agreements  with them.  In the future,  we may not be able to obtain
contract manufacturing on commercially acceptable terms for compounds or product
formulations  in the  quantities  we  need.  Manufacturing  or  quality  control
problems,  lack of financial  resources or qualified  personnel could occur with
our contract  manufacturers causing product shipment delays,  inadequate supply,
or causing the contractor not to be able to maintain  compliance  with the FDA's
current  good  manufacturing   practice   requirements   necessary  to  continue
manufacturing..  Such problems could reduce product sales, result in substantial
Cellegy  liabilities under our Tostrex license agreement or otherwise  adversely
affect Cellegy's business and stock price.

                                       21
<PAGE>

We face intense competition from larger companies, and in the future Cellegy may
not have the  resources  required  to  develop  innovative  products.  Cellegy's
products are subject to competition from existing products.

         The  pharmaceutical  industry  is  subject  to  rapid  and  significant
technological  change.  In the development and marketing of prescription  drugs,
Cellegy faces intense competition.  Cellegy is much smaller in terms of size and
resources than many of its  competitors  in the United States and abroad,  which
include,  among  others,  major  pharmaceutical,   chemical,  consumer  product,
specialty  pharmaceutical  and biotechnology  companies,  universities and other
research   institutions.   Cellegy's   competitors  may  succeed  in  developing
technologies  and  products  that  are  more  effective  than  any  that  we are
developing and could render Cellegy's technology and potential products obsolete
and  noncompetitive.  Many  of  these  competitors  have  substantially  greater
financial   and  technical   resources,   clinical   production   and  marketing
capabilities  and regulatory  experience.  In addition,  Cellegy's  products are
subject to competition from existing  products.  For example,  Cellegy's Tostrex
product, if commercialized in the United States, is expected to compete with two
currently marketed testosterone gel products sold by Unimed/Solvay and Auxillian
Pharmaceuticals, and a transdermal patch product sold by Watson Pharmaceuticals.
Cellegy's  Cellegesic  product,  if commercialized,  is expected to compete with
over-the-counter  products,  such as  Preparation  H marketed by  American  Home
Products, and various other prescription products. As a result, we cannot assure
you  that  Cellegy's   products  under  development  will  be  able  to  compete
successfully with existing products or innovative  products under development by
other organizations.

We currently have no drug products we sell on our own and have limited sales and
marketing experience.

         We may market certain of our products,  if  successfully  developed and
approved,  through a direct sales force in the United  States and through  sales
and  marketing  partnership  or  distribution  arrangements  outside  the United
States. Cellegy has very limited experience in sales, marketing or distribution.
To market  certain of our  products  directly,  we may  establish a direct sales
force in the United States or obtain the assistance of our marketing partner. If
we  enter  into   marketing   or   licensing   arrangements   with   established
pharmaceutical  companies,  our  revenues  will  be  subject  to the  terms  and
conditions  of such  arrangements  and will be  dependent  on the efforts of our
partner. Cellegy may not be able to successfully establish a direct sales force,
or our collaborators may not effectively market any of our products,  and either
circumstance  could have a material  adverse  effect on our  business  and stock
price.

We have  very  limited  staffing  and will  continue  to be  dependent  upon key
employees

         Our success is dependent upon the efforts of a small  management  team,
including K. Michael Forrest,  our chief executive  officer.  We have employment
agreements  with certain  officers,  but none of our officers is bound to remain
employed  for any specific  term.  We had a reduction in force of nine people in
August 2002 and an additional  five people in December 2002. If key  individuals
leave Cellegy, we could be adversely affected if suitable replacement  personnel
are not  quickly  recruited.  Our future  success  depends  upon our  ability to
continue to attract and retain  qualified  scientific,  clinical,  marketing and
administrative  personnel.  There is competition for qualified  personnel in all
functional areas, and particularly  intense competition in the San Francisco Bay
Area where our principal facility is located, which make it difficult to attract
and retain the qualified  personnel  necessary for the development and growth of
our business.

We are subject to the risk of product liability lawsuits.

         The testing,  marketing and sale of human health care products  entails
an inherent risk of allegations of product liability. We are subject to the risk
that  substantial  product  liability claims could be asserted against us in the
future.  Cellegy has obtained $5 million in insurance  coverage  relating to our
clinical  trials.  There can be no assurance that Cellegy will be able to obtain
or maintain insurance on acceptable terms,  particularly in overseas  locations,
for clinical and  commercial  activities  or that any  insurance  obtained  will
provide adequate protection against potential liabilities.

Our stock price could be volatile.

         Our stock price has from time to time experienced significant price and
volume  fluctuations,  particularly  during 2002 and the first  quarter of 2003.
Sometimes  our stock price has varied  depending on  fluctuations  in the NASDAQ
Stock Market  generally,  and sometimes  fluctuations have resulted from matters
more  specific  to  Cellegy,  such  as an

                                       22
<PAGE>

announcement  of  clinical  trial  or  regulatory  results  or  other  corporate
developments.  Announcements  that could  significantly  impact our stock  price
include:

o        publicity or announcements  regarding regulatory  developments relating
         to our  products  under  review,  particularly  relating  to Tostrex or
         Cellegesic;

o        clinical trial results, such as results of the Tostrelle trial;

o        period-to-period  fluctuations in our financial results,  including our
         cash and  investment  balance,  operating  expenses,  cash burn rate or
         revenues; or

o        negative  announcements or financial  constraints by our key suppliers,
         service providers or our corporate partners, particularly PDI.


ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Cellegy invests its excess cash in short-term,  investment grade, fixed
income  securities  under  an  investment  policy.  All of our  investments  are
classified as available-for-sale (see Financial Statements - Note 2). All of our
securities owned as of December 31, 2002 will mature in 2003, with the remainder
in money market  funds.  We believe that  potential  near-term  losses in future
earnings,  fair values or cash flows related to our investment portfolio are not
significant.

         At December 31, 2002, our investment  portfolio consisted of $2,000,000
in corporate notes. We currently do not hedge interest rate exposure.  If market
interest  rates were to increase by 100 basis  points or 1% from  December  2002
levels,  the fair value of our portfolio  would decline by no more than $20,000.
The  modeling   technique  used  measures  the  change  in  fair  value  from  a
hypothetical shift in market interest rates.


ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The  financial  statements  required  by Item 8 are set forth  below on
pages F-1 through F-21 of this report.


ITEM  9:  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES.

None.

                                       23
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Information  required  by this  Item  with  respect  to  directors  and
compliance  with  Section  16(a) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 may be
found in the sections captioned  "Election of Cellegy Directors" and "Compliance
under Section  16(a) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934"  appearing in the
definitive  Proxy  Statement  (the "2003 Proxy  Statement")  to be  delivered to
shareholders in connection  with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders  expected to
be held on June 4, 2003. Such  information is incorporated  herein by reference.
Information  required by this Item with  respect to  executive  officers  may be
found in Part I hereof  in the  section  captioned  "Executive  Officers  of the
Registrant."


ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         Information  with  respect  to this  Item may be  found in the  section
captioned "Executive  Compensation" appearing in the 2003 Proxy Statement and is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         Information  with  respect  to this  Item may be  found in the  section
captioned  "Security  Ownership  of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management"
appearing in the 2003 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         Information  with  respect  to this  Item may be  found in the  section
captioned "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" appearing in the 2003
Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 14: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the  participation  of our management,  including
our Chief  Executive  Officer  and Chief  Financial  Officer,  we  conducted  an
evaluation of our disclosure  controls and  procedures,  as such term is defined
under Rule13a-14 (c) promulgatied under the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange  Act"),  within 90 days of the filing date of this annual
report. Based on their evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
accounting  officer  concluded that our  disclosure  controls and procedures are
effective.

         (b) Changes in Internal Controls

There have been no significant changes (including corrective actions with regard
to significant  deficiencies or material weaknesses) in our internal controls or
in other factors that could  significantly  affect these controls  subsequent to
the date of the evaluation referenced in paragraph (a) above.

                                       24
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     Exhibits

      (a)   The following exhibits are attached hereto or incorporated herein by
            reference:

   Exhibit
    Number           Exhibit Title
    ------           -------------
      2.1       Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated  December 31, 1997 between the
                Company and Neptune  Pharmaceutical  Corporation.  (Confidential
                treatment  has been  granted  with  respect to  portions of this
                agreement.)  (Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 4.4 of the
                Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-3 file no. 333-46087
                on February 11, 1998,as amended.

      3.1       Amended and Restated  Articles of  Incorporation of the Company.
                (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.2 to the  Company's
                Registration  Statement on Form SB-2  (Registration No. 33-93288
                LA) declared effective on August 11, 1995 (the "SB-2").)

      3.2       Certificate  of Amendment  of Amended and  Restated  Articles of
                Incorporation  filed with the  California  Secretary of State on
                August 6, 2002.

      3.3       Bylaws of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3
                to the SB-2.)

      4.1       Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to
                Exhibit 4.1 to the SB-2.)

    *10.1       1992 Stock  Option Plan.  (Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
                10.12 to the SB-2.)

    *10.2       1995 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                4.03  to  the  Company's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-8
                (Registration No. 333-91588 on June 28, 2002.)

    *10.3       1995 Directors' Stock Option Plan  (Incorporated by reference to
                Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Form 10-Q for fiscal quarter ended
                June 30, 2002.)

     10.4       Loan and Security  Agreement between Silicon Valley Bank and
                the Company dated June 10, 1998  (Incorporated  by reference
                to Exhibit 10.01 to the Company's Form 10-QSB for the fiscal
                quarter ended June 30, 1998.)

     10.5       Lease   Agreement   between  the   Company  and   TCNorthern
                California  Inc.  dated  April  8,  1998   (Incorporated  by
                reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Company's  Form 10-QSB for
                fiscal quarter ended March 31, 1998.)

    *10.6       Employment  Agreement  dated  November  20,  1996,  between  the
                Company and K. Michael  Forrest.  (Incorporated  by reference to
                Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Form 10-KSB for fiscal year ended
                December 31, 1996 (the "1996 Form 10-KSB".)

     10.7       Services  Agreement dated as of August 10, 2001 by and among the
                Company, Ventiv Health Inc. and VIS Financial LLC. (Incorporated
                by reference  to Exhibit  10.12 to the  Company's  Form 10-K for
                fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.  Confidential treatment has
                been requested with respect to portions of this agreement.)

     10.8       Funding  Arrangement  dated  August  10,  2001 by and  among the
                Company,   Ventiv   Health   Inc.   and   VIS   Financial   LLC.
                ((Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.13 to the  Company's
                Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.  Confidential
                treatment  has been  requested  with respect to portions of this
                agreement.)

     10.9       Share Purchase  Agreement  dated as of November 27, 2001, by and
                among the Company,  Vaxis

                                       25
<PAGE>

                Therapeutics  Corporation  and  certain  stockholders  of Vaxis.
                (Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit  10.14 to the  Company's
                Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.)

     10.10      Exclusive  License  Agreement  dated as of December 31, 2002, by
                and between the Company and PDI,  Inc.  (Confidential  treatment
                has been requested with respect to portions of this agreement.)

     21.1       Subsidiaries of the Registrant

     23.1       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.

     24.1       Power of Attorney (See signature page.)

* Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

         (b) Reports on Form 8-K

         A report on Form 8-K was filed by Cellegy on January 2, 2003 announcing
         our  exclusive  agreement  with PDI, Inc. to  commercialize  Tostrex in
         North  American  markets.  On  January  13,  2003,  we filed a Form 8-K
         announcing  that Mr.  Julian  Baker and his  brother,  Dr.  Felix Baker
         resigned from the Company's  Board of Directors.  On February 27, 2003,
         we filed a Report on Form 8-K to report our fourth quarter and year-end
         financial results.

         (c) Financial Statement Schedules

         All  schedules  are  omitted  because  they are not  applicable  or the
         information  required  to be  set  forth  therein  is  included  in the
         financial statements or notes thereto.

                                       26
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,  thereunto duly  authorized,  in the
City of South San Francisco, State of California, on the 21st of March, 2003.


                                          CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

                                          By: /s/ K. Michael Forrest
                                              -----------------------------
                                              K. Michael Forrest
                                              Chairman, President and Chief
                                                Executive Officer


                                Power of Attorney

         Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each
of K. Michael Forrest and A. Richard Juelis, true and lawful  attorneys-in-fact,
each with the power of substitution,  for him in any and all capacities, to sign
amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same,  with all exhibits
thereto and other  documents in connection  therewith,  with the  Securities and
Exchange   Commission,   hereby   ratifying   and   conforming   all  that  said
attorneys-in-fact,  or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done
by virtue thereof.

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,  this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             Name                                            Title                                      Date
             ----                                            -----                                      ----
<S>                                              <C>                                               <C>
Principal Executive Officer:
    /s/ K. Michael Forrest                       Chairman, President, and Chief Executive          March 21, 2003
------------------------------                   Officer
    K. Michael Forrest


Principal Financial Officer
and Principal Accounting Officer:

   /s/ A. Richard Juelis                         Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial          March 21, 2003
------------------------------                   Officer and Secretary
   A. Richard Juelis


Directors:

   /s/ Jack L. Bowman                            Director                                          March 21, 2003
------------------------------
   Jack L. Bowman

   /s/ Tobi B. Klar                              Director                                          March 21, 2003
------------------------------
    Tobi B. Klar, M.D.

   /s/ Ronald J. Saldarini                       Director                                          March 21, 2003
------------------------------
   Ronald J. Saldarini, Ph.D.

   /s/ Alan A. Steigrod                          Director                                          March 21, 2003
------------------------------
    Alan A. Steigrod

   /s/ Larry J. Wells                            Director                                          March 21, 2003
------------------------------
   Larry J. Wells
</TABLE>

                                       27
<PAGE>

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                               SECTION 302 OF THE
                           SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

         I, K. MICHAEL FORREST, certify that:

1. I have reviewed  this annual report on Form 10-K of Cellegy  Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.;

2.  Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain  any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such statements
were made,  not  misleading  with  respect to the period  covered by this annual
report;

3.  Based  on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
information  included  in this annual  report,  fairly  present in all  material
respects the financial  condition,  results of operations  and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and  I are  responsible  for
establishing and maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and have:

         a)       designed  such  disclosure  controls and  procedures to ensure
                  that  material   information   relating  to  the   registrant,
                  including its consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made known to us
                  by others  within  those  entities,  particularly  during  the
                  period in which this annual report is being prepared;

         b)       evaluated the  effectiveness  of the  registrant's  disclosure
                  controls and  procedures  as of a date within 90 days prior to
                  the filing date of this annual report (the "Evaluation Date");
                  and

         c)       presented  in this  annual  report our  conclusions  about the
                  effectiveness of the disclosure  controls and procedures based
                  on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation,  to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

         a)       all  significant  deficiencies  in the design or  operation of
                  internal   controls   which   could   adversely   affect   the
                  registrant's ability to record, process,  summarize and report
                  financial  data  and  have  identified  for  the  registrant's
                  auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

         b)       any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management
                  or  other  employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the
                  registrant's internal controls; and

6. The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and I have  indicated in this
annual report whether there were significant  changes in internal controls or in
other factors that could  significantly  affect internal controls  subsequent to
the date of our most recent  evaluation,  including any corrective  actions with
regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


Date:  March 21, 2003                          By:  /s/ K. Michael Forrest
                                                    ----------------------
                                                    K. Michael Forrest
                                              President, Chief Executive Officer

                                       28
<PAGE>

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                               SECTION 302 OF THE
                           SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

         I, A. RICHARD JUELIS, certify that:

1. I have reviewed  this annual report on Form 10-K of Cellegy  Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.;

2.  Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain  any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such statements
were made,  not  misleading  with  respect to the period  covered by this annual
report;

3.  Based  on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
information  included  in this annual  report,  fairly  present in all  material
respects the financial  condition,  results of operations  and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and  I are  responsible  for
establishing and maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and have:

         a)       designed  such  disclosure  controls and  procedures to ensure
                  that  material   information   relating  to  the   registrant,
                  including its consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made known to us
                  by others  within  those  entities,  particularly  during  the
                  period in which this annual report is being prepared;

         b)       evaluated the  effectiveness  of the  registrant's  disclosure
                  controls and  procedures  as of a date within 90 days prior to
                  the filing date of this annual report (the "Evaluation Date");
                  and

         c)       presented  in this  annual  report our  conclusions  about the
                  effectiveness of the disclosure  controls and procedures based
                  on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation,  to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

         a)       all  significant  deficiencies  in the design or  operation of
                  internal   controls   which   could   adversely   affect   the
                  registrant's ability to record, process,  summarize and report
                  financial  data  and  have  identified  for  the  registrant's
                  auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

         b)       any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management
                  or  other  employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the
                  registrant's internal controls; and

Date:  March 21, 2003                        By:  /s/ A. Richard Juelis
                                                  ---------------------
                                                  A. Richard Juelis
                                                Chief Financial Officer

                                       29
<PAGE>

                          Index to Financial Statements

                                                                        Page
                                                                        ----
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors ...................... F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets ............................................ F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations .................................. F-4
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity ........................ F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows .................................. F-9
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ............................. F-11

                                      F-1
<PAGE>

                Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors


The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Cellegy
Pharmaceuticals,  Inc. (a development stage company) as of December 31, 2002 and
2001,  and the related  consolidated  statements  of  operations,  shareholders'
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period  ended  December
31, 2002, and for the period from June 26, 1989 (inception) through December 31,
2002.  These  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of the  Company's
management.  Our  responsibility  is to express  an  opinion on these  financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all  material   respects,   the  consolidated   financial  position  of  Cellegy
Pharmaceuticals,  Inc. (a  development  stage  company) at December 31, 2002 and
2001 and the consolidated  results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended  December  31,  2002,  and for the period
from June 26, 1989  (inception)  through  December 31, 2002, in conformity  with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.


                                                        /s/ Ernst & Young LLP


Palo Alto, California
February 13, 2003

                                      F-2
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                                   --------------------------------
                                                                                                       2002                2001
                                                                                                   ------------        ------------
<S>                                                                                                <C>                 <C>
Assets
Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................       $ 21,628,517        $  5,795,378
      Short-term investments ...............................................................          2,002,123           4,053,280
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets ............................................            608,313             837,344
                                                                                                   ------------        ------------
Total current assets .......................................................................         24,238,953          10,686,002
Property and equipment, net ................................................................          2,616,193           2,467,907
Long-term investments ......................................................................               --             6,727,240
Restricted cash ............................................................................            227,500             613,999
Intangible assets, net .....................................................................          1,196,622           1,522,266
Other assets ...............................................................................            100,000             350,000
                                                                                                   ------------        ------------
Total assets ...............................................................................       $ 28,379,268        $ 22,367,414
                                                                                                   ============        ============

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities .............................................       $  2,005,279        $  1,893,253
      Accrued compensation and related expenses ............................................            122,925             144,614
                                                                                                   ------------        ------------
Total current liabilities ..................................................................          2,128,204           2,037,867
Long term liabilities ......................................................................            716,619             484,826
Deferred Revenue ...........................................................................         15,000,000                --

Commitments:
Shareholders' equity
      Preferred stock, no par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized: Series A
            convertible  preferred  stock  1,100 shares  designated; no shares
            issued or outstanding at December 31, 2002 and 2001 ............................               --                  --
      Common stock, no par value; 35,000,000 shares authorized: 19,652,356
            shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2002 and 17,295,274
            shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2001 .............................         96,835,062          90,137,811

      Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ........................................             11,831              83,458
      Deficit accumulated during the development stage .....................................        (86,312,448)        (70,376,548)
                                                                                                   ------------        ------------
Total shareholders' equity .................................................................         10,534,445          19,844,721
                                                                                                   ------------        ------------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity .................................................       $ 28,379,268        $ 22,367,414
                                                                                                   ============        ============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-3

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                      Consolidated Statements of Operations

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                        Period from
                                                                                                                         June 26,
                                                                                Years ended December 31,               1989 through
                                                                    ----------------------------------------------     December 31,
                                                                        2002             2001             2000             2002
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
<S>                                                                 <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Revenues:
      Licensing and contract revenue from affiliate ............    $       --       $       --       $       --       $  1,145,373
      Licensing, milestone, and development funding ............            --               --               --          1,551,408
      Government grants ........................................          45,798              566           71,793          548,133
      Product sales ............................................       1,355,828          876,925        1,513,830        5,102,412
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
Total revenues .................................................       1,401,626          877,491        1,585,623        8,347,326
Costs and expenses:
      Cost of products sold ....................................         369,992          200,338          368,113        1,320,874
      Research and development .................................      10,672,146       14,097,746        9,574,293       61,886,316
      Selling, general and administrative ......................       6,816,213        4,041,642        3,630,616       27,376,962
      Acquired in-process research and development .............            --          3,507,134             --          7,350,102
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
Total costs and expenses .......................................      17,858,351       21,846,860       13,573,022       97,934,254
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
Operating loss .................................................     (16,456,725)     (20,969,369)     (11,987,399)     (89,586,928)
Other income (expense):
      Interest expense .........................................         (27,136)         (27,283)        (200,689)      (1,503,729)
      Interest income and other, net ...........................         547,961        1,531,929          769,875        6,226,714
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
Net loss .......................................................     (15,935,900)     (19,464,723)     (11,418,213)     (84,863,943)
Non-cash preferred dividends ...................................            --               --               --          1,448,505
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
Net loss applicable to common shareholders .....................    $(15,935,900)    $(19,464,723)    $(11,418,213)    $(86,312,448)
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------

        Basic and diluted net loss per common share ............    $      (0.90)    $      (1.26)    $      (0.91)
                                                                    ============     ============     ============

Weighted average common shares used in computing basic and
  diluted net loss per common share ............................      17,642,640       15,502,918       12,542,232
                                                                    ============     ============     ============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Series A Convertible          Series B Convertible        Series C Convertible
                                                  Preferred Stock                Preferred Stock             Preferred Stock
                                                  ---------------                ---------------             ---------------
                                               Shares          Amount          Shares       Amount         Shares         Amount
                                               ------          ------          ------       ------         ------         ------
<S>                                           <C>          <C>               <C>           <C>            <C>         <C>
Issuance of convertible preferred stock,
   net of issuance cost through
   December 31, 1999 ...................        27,649    $ 6,801,730           --      $      --          477,081    $ 4,978,505

Issuance of Series A convertible
   preferred stock and warrants
   to purchase 14,191 shares of
   Series A convertible preferred
   stock in exchange for  convertible
   promissory notes and accrued
   interest through December 31, 1999 ..       625,845      1,199,536           --             --             --             --

Issuance of  convertible  preferred
   stock for services rendered,
   and license agreement through
   December 31, 1999 ...................        50,110        173,198           --             --             --             --

Issuance of Series B convertible
   preferred stock in exchange
   for convertible
   promissory notes ....................          --             --           12,750        114,000           --             --

Non-cash preferred dividends ...........          --        1,448,505           --             --             --             --

Conversion of preferred stock,
   including dividends, to
   common stock through
   December 31, 1999 ...................      (703,604)    (9,622,969)       (12,750)      (114,000)      (477,081)    (4,978,505)

Issuance of warrants in connection
   with notes payable in financing .....          --             --             --             --             --             --

Issuance of common stock in
   connection with private
   placement of common stock in
   July 1997, net of issuance
   cost ................................          --             --             --             --             --             --

Issuance of common stock in
   connection  with the public
   offering of common stock in
   November 1997, net of issuance cost .          --             --             --             --             --             --

Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the acquisition of Neptune
   Pharmaceutical ......................          --             --             --             --             --             --

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Accumulated       Deficit
                                                                       Other         Accumulated
                                                  Common Stock     Comprehensive     During the        Total
                                                  ------------         Income         Development   Shareholders'
                                                Shares     Amount      (Loss)           Stage          Equity
                                                ------     ------      ------           -----          ------
<S>                                          <C>         <C>             <C>         <C>            <C>
Issuance of convertible preferred stock,
   net of issuance cost through
   December 31, 1999 ...................          --     $      --       $--         $      --      $11,780,235

Issuance of Series A convertible
   preferred stock and warrants
   to purchase 14,191 shares of
   Series A convertible preferred
   stock in exchange for  convertible
   promissory notes and accrued
   interest through December 31, 1999 ..          --            --        --                --        1,199,536

Issuance of  convertible  preferred
   stock for services rendered,
   and license agreement through
   December 31, 1999 ...................          --            --        --                --          173,198

Issuance of Series B convertible
   preferred stock in exchange
   for convertible
   promissory notes ....................          --            --        --                --          114,000

Non-cash preferred dividends ...........          --            --        --          (1,448,505)          --

Conversion of preferred stock,
   including dividends, to
   common stock through
   December 31, 1999 ...................     3,014,644    14,715,474      --                --             --

Issuance of warrants in connection
   with notes payable in financing .....          --         487,333      --                --          487,333

Issuance of common stock in
   connection with private
   placement of common stock in
   July 1997, net of issuance
   cost ................................     1,547,827     3,814,741      --                --        3,814,741

Issuance of common stock in
   connection  with the public
   offering of common stock in
   November 1997, net of issuance cost .     2,012,500    13,764,069      --                --       13,764,069

Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the acquisition of Neptune
   Pharmaceutical ......................       462,809     3,842,968      --                --        3,842,968

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes

                                      F-5
<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                          Series A Convertible  Series B Convertible  Series C Convertible
                                            Preferred Stock      Preferred Stock         Preferred Stock          Common Stock
                                            ---------------      ---------------         ---------------          ------------
                                            Shares  Amount       Shares   Amount       Shares       Amount     Shares      Amount
                                            ------  ------       ------   ------       ------       ------     ------      ------
<S>                                           <C>     <C>          <C>     <C>          <C>           <C>   <C>          <C>
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with IPO in August 1995 ................    --      --          --       --           --          --      1,322,500    6,383,785

Issuance of common stock for cash
   through December 31, 1999 ..............    --      --          --       --           --          --        953,400      126,499

Issuance of common stock for services
   rendered through December 31, 1999 .....    --      --          --       --           --          --        269,116       24,261

Issuance of common  stock in  connection
   with the private  placement  of common
   stock in July 1999, net of issuance cost                                                                  1,616,000    10,037,662

Repurchase of common shares in 1992 .......    --      --          --       --           --          --         (3,586)        (324)

Issuance of common stock in exchange for
   notes payable ..........................    --      --          --       --           --          --         42,960      268,500

Exercise of warrants to purchase common
    stock .................................    --      --          --       --           --          --        496,253      602,679

Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock ..................................    --      --          --       --           --          --        275,820      961,775

Compensation expense related to the
   extension of option exercise periods ...    --      --          --       --           --          --           --        338,481

Unrealized loss in investments ............    --      --          --       --           --          --           --           --

Net loss for the period June 26, 1989
   (inception) to December 31, 1999 .......    --      --          --       --           --          --           --           --
                                            ------  ------       ------   ------       ------       ------  ----------   -----------

Balances at December 31, 1999 .............    --      --          --       --           --          --     12,010,242   55,367,903

Issuance of common  stock in  connection
   with the private  placement  of common
   stock in October 2000, net of
   issuance cost of $22,527 ...............    --      --          --       --           --          --      1,500,000   11,602,473

Exercise of warrants to purchase common
   stock ..................................    --      --          --       --           --          --         62,833      315,800

Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock ..................................    --      --          --       --           --          --         95,754      380,516
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Accumulated       Deficit
                                                  Other        Accumulated
                                              Comprehensive    During the      Total
                                                  Income       Development  Shareholders'
                                                  (Loss)          Stage        Equity
                                                  ------          -----        ------
<S>                                            <C>            <C>            <C>
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with IPO in August 1995 ................          --             --        6,383,785

Issuance of common stock for cash
   through December 31, 1999 ..............          --             --          126,499

Issuance of common stock for services
   rendered through December 31, 1999 .....          --             --           24,261

Issuance of common  stock in  connection
   with the private  placement  of common
   stock in July 1999, net of issuance cost          --             --       10,037,662

Repurchase of common shares in 1992 .......          --             --             (324)
Issuance of common stock in exchange for
   notes payable ..........................          --             --          268,500

Exercise of warrants to purchase common
    stock .................................          --             --          602,679

Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock ..................................          --             --          961,775

Compensation expense related to the
   extension of option exercise periods ...          --             --          338,481

Unrealized loss in investments ............       (35,471)          --          (35,471)

Net loss for the period June 26, 1989
   (inception) to December 31, 1999 .......          --      (38,045,107)   (38,045,107)
                                              -----------    -----------    -----------

Balances at December 31, 1999 .............       (35,471)   (39,493,612)   (15,838,820)


Issuance of common  stock in  connection
   with the private  placement  of common
   stock in October 2000, net of
   issuance cost of $22,527 ...............          --             --       11,602,473

Exercise of warrants to purchase common
   stock ..................................          --             --          315,800

Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock ..................................          --             --          380,516
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Series A Convertible  Series B Convertible   Series C Convertible
                                                   Preferred Stock      Preferred Stock        Preferred Stock
                                                   ---------------      ---------------        -----------------
                                                   Shares   Amount      Shares  Amount         Shares     Amount
                                                   ------   ------      ------  ------         ------     ------
<S>                                                  <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>             <C>      <C>
Fair value of warrants issued in Quay
   acquisition ..............................         --       --         --       --             --         --

Common stock issued in connection with
   Quay acquisition .........................         --       --         --       --             --         --

Compensation expense related to
   warrants and options granted to
   non-employees ............................         --       --         --       --             --         --

Unrealized gain on investments ..............         --       --         --       --             --         --

Foreign currency translation ................         --       --         --       --             --         --

Net loss ....................................         --       --         --       --             --         --

Total Comprehensive Loss ....................         --       --         --       --             --         --
                                                   ------   ------     ------  -------         ------     ------

Balances at December 31, 2000 ...............         --       --         --       --             --         --

Issuance of common stock in connection
    with the private placement of common
    stock in June 2001, net of
    issuance costs of $184,795 ..............         --       --         --       --             --         --

Exercise of warrants to purchase common stock         --       --         --       --             --         --

Exercise of options to purchase common stock          --       --         --       --             --         --

Common stock issued in connection with
   Vaxis acquisition ........................         --       --         --       --             --         --

Compensation expense related to
   warrants and options granted to
   non-employees ............................         --       --         --       --             --         --

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Accumulated       Deficit
                                                                                 Other        Accumulated
                                                     Common Stock            Comprehensive     During the      Total
                                                     ------------               Income        Development   Shareholders'
                                                   Shares      Amount           (Loss)           Stage         Equity
                                                   ------      ------           ------           -----         ------
<S>                                              <C>           <C>               <C>        <C>            <C>
Fair value of warrants issued in Quay
   acquisition ..............................          --          489,477          --             --          489,477

Common stock issued in connection with
   Quay acquisition .........................       169,224        977,105          --             --          977,105

Compensation expense related to
   warrants and options granted to
   non-employees ............................          --          601,748          --             --          601,748

Unrealized gain on investments ..............          --             --           8,201           --            8,201

Foreign currency translation ................          --             --          (1,537)          --           (1,537)

Net loss ....................................          --             --            --      (11,418,213)   (11,418,213)

Total Comprehensive Loss ....................          --             --            --             --      (11,411,549)

Balances at December 31, 2000 ...............    13,838,053     69,735,022       (28,807)   (50,911,825)    18,794,390

Issuance of common stock in connection
    with the private placement of common
    stock in June 2001, net of
    issuance costs of $184,795 ..............     2,747,143     15,199,206          --             --       15,199,206

Exercise of warrants to purchase common stock        12,000         48,000          --             --           48,000

Exercise of options to purchase common stock         60,803        203,437          --             --          203,437

Common stock issued in connection with
   Vaxis acquisition ........................       533,612      3,852,631          --             --        3,852,631

Compensation expense related to
   warrants and options granted to
   non-employees ............................          --          349,515          --             --          349,515

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         Series A Convertible  Series B Convertible  Series C Convertible
                                            Preferred Stock      Preferred Stock        Preferred Stock        Common Stock
                                            ---------------      ---------------        ---------------        ------------
                                           Shares    Amount      Shares   Amount        Shares   Amount     Shares        Amount
                                           ------    ------      ------   ------        ------   ------     ------        ------
<S>                                          <C>      <C>         <C>       <C>          <C>      <C>      <C>           <C>
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the achievement of Neptune
   milestones ..........................      --      --            --      --            --         --      104,113      750,000

Unrealized gain/(loss) on investments ..      --      --            --      --            --         --         --           --

Foreign currency translation ...........      --      --            --      --            --         --         --           --

Net loss ...............................      --      --            --      --            --         --         --           --

Total Comprehensive Loss ...............      --      --            --      --            --         --         --           --
                                           ------  ------        ------  ------        ------     ------  ---------    ---------

Balances at December 31, 2001 ..........      --      --            --      --            --         --   17,295,724   90,137,811

Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock ...............................      --      --            --      --            --         --      156,632      454,983

Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the private placement of common
   stock in November 2002, net
   of issuance costs of $275,000 .......      --      --            --      --            --         --    2,200,000    5,225,000

Compensation expense for options related
   to non-employees ....................      --      --            --      --            --         --         --         72,224

Compensation expense related to stock
   option modifications ................      --      --            --      --            --         --         --        945,044

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ..      --      --            --      --            --         --         --           --

Foreign currency translation ...........      --      --            --      --            --         --         --           --

Net loss ...............................      --      --            --      --            --         --         --           --

Total Comprehensive Loss ...............      --      --            --      --            --         --         --           --

Balances at December 31, 2002 ..........      --   $  --            --   $  --            --      $  --   19,652,356  $96,835,062
                                           ======  ======        ======  ======        ======     ======  ==========   ==========
</TABLE>
                             See accompanying notes.


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Accumulated         Deficit
                                            Other          Accumulated
                                        Comprehensive       During the        Total
                                            Income         Development     Shareholders'
                                            (Loss)            Stage           Equity
                                            ------            -----           ------
<S>                                           <C>          <C>               <C>
Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the achievement of Neptune
   milestones ..........................          --             --          750,000

Unrealized gain/(loss) on investments ..       130,655           --          130,655

Foreign currency translation ...........       (18,390)          --          (18,390)

Net loss ...............................          --      (19,464,723)   (19,464,723)

Total Comprehensive Loss ...............          --             --      (19,352,458)
                                               -------    ------------   ------------

Balances at December 31, 2001 ..........        83,458    (70,376,548)    19,844,721

Exercise of options to purchase common
   stock ...............................          --             --          454,983

Issuance of common stock in connection
   with the private placement of common
   stock in November 2002, net
   of issuance costs of $275,000 .......          --             --        5,225,000

Compensation expense for options related
   to non-employees ....................          --             --           72,224

Compensation expense related to stock
   option modifications ................          --             --          945,044

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ..       (82,916)          --          (82,916)

Foreign currency translation ...........        11,289           --           11,289

Net loss ...............................          --      (15,935,900)   (15,935,900)

Total Comprehensive Loss ...............          --             --      (16,007,527)

Balances at December 31, 2002 ..........       $11,831   $(86,312,448)   $10,534,445
                                               =======    ============   ============
</TABLE>
                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-8
<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        Period from
                                                                                                       June 26, 1989
                                                                                                        (inception)
                                                                   Years ended December 31,               through
                                                       --------------------------------------------     December 31,
                                                            2002            2001            2000           2002
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Operating activities
Net loss ...........................................   $(15,935,900)   $(19,464,723)   $(11,418,213)   $(84,863,943)
Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used
   in operating activities:
   Acquired in-process technology ..................           --         3,507,134            --         7,350,102
   Depreciation and amortization ...................        484,028         530,643         502,470       2,229,116
   Intangible assets amortization ..................        325,644         359,673         298,351         983,668
   (Gain)/Loss on sale of fixed assets .............        (86,476)           --              --           (86,476)
   Non-cash compensation expense related to
   warrants and options granted ....................      1,017,268         349,516         601,748       1,968,532
   Compensation expense related to option grants ...           --              --              --           338,481
   Amortization of discount on notes payable and
      deferred financing costs .....................           --              --              --            24,261
   Issuance of common shares for services ..........           --              --              --           990,918
   Issuance of common stock for services
      rendered, interest, and Neptune milestones ...           --           750,000            --           567,503
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets ....        229,032          18,732          70,250        (708,312)
      Other assets .................................        250,000            --              --           250,000
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities .....        112,026         450,023         729,227       2,005,279
      Other long term liabilities ..................        231,793         484,826            --           716,619
      Deferred revenue .............................     15,000,000            --              --        15,000,000
      Accrued compensation and related expenses ....        (21,689)          5,541          32,850         122,925
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Net cash used in operating activities ..............      1,605,726     (13,008,635)     (9,183,317)    (53,111,327)

Investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment ................       (733,175)       (150,530)       (201,106)     (4,837,420)
Purchases of investments ...........................           --       (16,789,905)    (10,575,000)    (87,890,354)
Sales of investments ...............................      6,706,769       7,500,000       9,549,557      38,175,646
Maturities of investments ..........................      2,000,000       4,980,239      10,500,000      45,617,759
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment .......        187,337            --              --           187,337
Acquisition of Vaxis and Quay ......................           --          (142,556)       (369,000)       (511,556)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities       8,160,931      (4,602,752)      8,904,451      (7,258,588)

Financing activities
Proceeds from notes payable ........................   $       --      $       --      $       --      $  8,047,424
Proceeds from restricted cash ......................        386,499            --              --           386,499
Repayment of notes payable .........................           --          (882,070)     (3,152,828)     (6,610,608)
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock .........      5,679,983      15,450,643      12,298,789      69,111,551
Other assets .......................................           --              --          (613,999)       (613,999)
Other long-term liabilities ........................           --              --          (218,993)           --
Issuance of convertible preferred stock,
net of issuance costs ..............................           --              --              --        11,757,735

Deferred financing costs ...........................           --              --              --           (80,170)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Net cash provided by financing activities ..........      6,066,482      14,568,573       8,312,969      81,998,432
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents     15,833,139      (3,042,814)      8,034,103    $ 21,628,517
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period .....      5,795,378       8,838,192         804,089            --
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period ...........   $ 21,628,517    $  5,795,378    $  8,838,192    $ 21,628,517
                                                       ============    ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes

                                      F-9
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                              Period from
                                                                                                              June 26, 1989
                                                                                                                through
                                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                        2002         2001          2000          2002
                                                                        ----         ----          ----          ----
<S>                                                               <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Supplemental cash flow information
Interest Paid .................................................   $     27,136   $     27,281   $    200,689   $   639,987
                                                                  ============   ============   ============   ===========
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions:
Issuance of common stock in connection with
   acquired-in-process technology .............................   $       --     $  3,507,134   $       --     $ 7,350,102
                                                                  ============   ============   ============   ===========
Conversion of preferred stock to common stock .................   $       --     $       --     $       --     $14,715,474
                                                                  ============   ============   ============   ===========
Issuance of common stock for notes payable ....................   $       --     $       --     $       --     $   277,250
                                                                  ============   ============   ============   ===========
Issuance of warrants in connection with notes payable financing   $       --     $       --     $       --     $   487,333
                                                                  ============   ============   ============   ===========
Issuance of convertible preferred stock for notes payable .....   $       --     $       --     $       --     $ 1,268,316
                                                                  ============   ============   ============   ===========
      Issuance of common stock for milestone payments .........   $       --     $    750,000   $       --     $   750,000
                                                                  ============   ============   ============   ===========

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.


                                      F-10

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1.   Accounting Policies

Description of Business and Principles of Consolidation

            The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  accounts  of
Cellegy  Pharmaceuticals,   Inc.  and  its  subsidiaries  (the  "Company").  All
significant  inter-company  balances and  transactions  have been  eliminated in
consolidation.

            The Company was  incorporated  in  California  in June 1989 and is a
development  stage  company.  Since  its  inception,  the  Company  has  engaged
primarily in research and clinical  development  activities  associated with its
current and  potential  future  products and its  transdermal  drug delivery and
topical  formulation  expertise.  The Company has conducted a number of clinical
trials using its products,  including the preparation of  manufactured  clinical
materials.  A  number  of  sponsored,   external  research  programs  have  been
undertaken.

Use of Estimates

            The preparation of consolidated  financial  statements in conformity
with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted in the United States  requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in
the financial  statements and  accompanying  notes.  Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition and Research and Development Expenses

            Revenues related to cost reimbursement  provisions under development
contracts are recognized as the costs associated with the projects are incurred.
Revenues  related  to  milestones  specified  under  development  contracts  are
recognized as the milestones are achieved.  The Company  receives certain United
States government  grants that support the Company's  research effort in defined
research projects.  These grants generally provide for reimbursement of approved
costs incurred as defined in the various grants.  Revenues associated with these
grants are recognized as costs under each grant are incurred.  Revenues  related
to  product  sales are  recognized  upon  shipment  when title to goods has been
transferred to the customer. There is no right of return for product sales.

            Up-front  payments,  such as the $15.0 million payment received from
PDI for the Tostrex  license,  are recorded as deferred  revenue at the time the
cash is received.  Amounts are  recognized as revenue on a  straight-line  basis
over the longer of the life of the  contract  or the service  period.  Royalties
payable to Cellegy under the PDI License  Agreement will be recognized as earned
when the royalties are no longer refundable to PDI under certain minimum royalty
terms defined in the agreement.

            Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The type of
costs  included  in research  and  development  expenses  include  salaries  and
benefits,  laboratory supplies, external research programs, clinical studies and
allocated costs such as rent, supplies and utilities.

            Clinical  trial  expenses are payable to clinical sites and clinical
research  organizations.  Expenses  for both of these  groups  are  accrued on a
straight-line  basis over the contracted period subject to adjustment for actual
activity based on such factors as the number of subjects  enrolled and number of
subjects that have completed treatment for each trial.

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments

            Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid financial instruments with
original maturities of three months or less. The carrying value of cash and cash
equivalents  approximates  fair value at December 31, 2002 and 2001. The Company
considers  all  its   investments  as   available-for-sale   and  reports  these
investments at estimated fair market value using available  market  information.
Unrealized  gains or losses on  available-for-sale  securities  are  included in
shareholders'   equity  as  other   comprehensive   income  (loss)  until  their
disposition. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification
method.  Realized  gains or losses and declines in value judged to be other than
temporary on  available-for-sale  securities are included in interest income and
other, net.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

            The  Company  is  subject  to  credit  risk  from its  portfolio  of
marketable securities. By policy, the Company restricts amounts invested in such
securities by investment type and by issuer except for securities  issued by the
United States government.

Property and Equipment

            Property  and  equipment   are  stated  at  cost  less   accumulated
depreciation.  Furniture and fixtures,  and office and laboratory  equipment are
depreciated using the  straight-line  method over estimated useful lives ranging
from three to five years.  Amortization for leasehold improvements is taken over
the shorter of the  estimated  useful life of the asset or the  remaining  lease
term.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

      Goodwill that is related to the purchase of Quay  Pharmaceuticals  in June
2000,  included in intangible assets,  represents the excess purchase price over
the fair value of net assets  acquired  which was being  amortized over 10 years
using the  straight-line  method.  The  carrying  value of  goodwill is based on
management's current assessment of recoverability using objective and subjective
factors.  Effective  January 1, 2002,  the Company  will no longer  amortize the
remaining  balance of goodwill of $814,400.  We performed an impairment  test of
goodwill upon  transition to FAS 142 on January 1, 2002,  and no impairment  was
found  for  either  period.  We will  continue  to  evaluate  our  goodwill  for
impairment  on an annual  basis each year and  whenever  events  and  changes in
circumstances  suggest  that the  carrying  amount  may not be  recoverable.  An
impairment loss, if needed,  would be recognized based on the difference between
the carrying  value of the asset and its  estimated  fair value,  which would be
determined based on either discounted cash flows or other appropriate fair value
methods.

      FAS 142 also  requires  that  intangible  assets  with  definite  lives be
amortized over their  estimated  useful lives and reviewed for  impairment  when
events or changes in  circumstances  indicate  that the carrying  amount of such
assets may not be recoverable. We currently amortize our other intangible assets
on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives ranging from three to
five years. Amortization taken to date as of December 31, 2002 was approximately
$983000.

Stock-Based Compensation

            The Company  accounts for its stock option grants in accordance with
Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion No. 25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to
Employees"  ("APB 25") and related  Interpretations.  The Company has elected to
follow the  disclosure-only  alternative  prescribed  by  Statement of Financial
Accounting  Standards No. 123,  "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation" ("FAS
123").  Under APB 25, because the exercise price of the Company's employee stock
options equals the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant, no
compensation  expense  is  recognized.   Compensation  for  options  granted  to
non-employees  has been  determined in accordance with FAS 123 and EITF 96-18 at
the fair value of the equity  instruments  issued.  Stock based  compensation is
recognized on a straight-line basis.

Foreign Currency Translation

            The  foreign  subsidiaries  functional  currencies  are their  local
currencies.  The  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  translating  the  foreign
subsidiaries'  financial  statements into US dollars have been reported in other
comprehensive income (loss).

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

   Comprehensive  income  (loss)  consists  of net loss and other  comprehensive
income (loss).  Accumulated other  comprehensive  income (loss) presented in the
consolidated  balance sheets  consists of the  accumulated  net unrealized  gain
(loss)  on  available-for-sale  investments  and  foreign  currency  translation
adjustments.

Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share

            Basic net loss per  common  share is  computed  using  the  weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net loss
per common share  incorporates  the  incremental  shares issued upon the assumed
exercise of stock options and warrants,  when  dilutive.  There is no difference
between  basic and  diluted  net loss per  common  share,  as  presented  in the
statement of

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

operations, because all options and warrants are anti-dilutive. The total number
of shares  excluded was  1,864,551,  5,041,375 and 5,232,337 for the years ended
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

            In June  2002,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  issued
Financial Accounting Standard 146 ("FAS 146"),  "Accounting for Costs Associated
with Exit or Disposal Activities," which addresses accounting for restructuring,
discontinued  operation,  plant closing, or other exit or disposal activity. FAS
146  requires  companies  to recognize  costs  associated  with exit or disposal
activities  when they are incurred rather than at the date of a commitment to an
exit  or  disposal  plan.  FAS  146 is to be  applied  prospectively  to exit or
disposal  activities  initiated after December 31, 2002. The adoption of FAS 146
is not  expected to have a  significant  impact on our  financial  position  and
results of operations.

            In November 2002, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board issued
Interpretation  No.  45  ("FIN  45"),  "Guarantor's  Accounting  and  Disclosure
Requirements for Guarantees,  Including  Indirect  Guarantees of Indebtedness of
Others." FIN 45  elaborates  on the existing  disclosure  requirements  for most
guarantees,  including  residual value  guarantees  issued in  conjunction  with
operating lease agreements.  It also clarifies that at the time a company issues
a guarantee,  the company must recognize an initial liability for the fair value
of the  obligation  it  assumes  under that  guarantee  and must  disclose  that
information  in  its  interim  and  annual  financial  statements.  The  initial
recognition  and  measurement   provisions  apply  on  a  prospective  basis  to
guarantees   issued  or  modified   after  December  31,  2002.  The  disclosure
requirements are effective for financial statements of interim or annual periods
ending after  December 15, 2002.  Our adoption of FIN 45 did not have a material
impact on our results of operations and financial position.

            In December 2002, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board issued
Statement  No. 148 ("FAS  148"),  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation  -
Transition and  Disclosure."  FAS 148 amends FAS 123 "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation"  to provide  alternative  methods of  transition  for a  voluntary
change to the fair value based method of  accounting  for  stock-based  employee
compensation. In addition, FAS 148 amends the disclosure requirements of FAS 123
to require  more  prominent  disclosures  in both annual and  interim  financial
statements about the method of accounting for stock-based employee  compensation
and the effect of the method used on reported results. The additional disclosure
requirements of FAS 148 are effective for fiscal years ending after December 15,
2002.  We have  elected to  continue  to follow the  intrinsic  value  method of
accounting as prescribed by Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. 25 (or APB
25),  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to Employees," to account for employee stock
options.  See  below in the  "Shareholders'  Equity"  note  for the  disclosures
required by FAS 148.

            The  Company  has  elected to follow APB  Opinion No. 25 and related
interpretations  in accounting for its stock options since, as discussed  below,
the alternative fair market value accounting provided for under FAS 123 requires
use of option  valuation models that were not developed for use in valuing stock
options.  Under APB Opinion No. 25, if the exercise price of the Company's stock
options  is equal to the  market  price of the  underlying  stock on the date of
grant,  no  compensation  expense is recognized  related to employee or director
grants.

            Pro forma  information  regarding  net loss and net loss per  common
share is required by FAS 123, which requires that the  information be determined
as if the Company has accounted  for its common stock options  granted under the
fair market  value  method.  The fair market  value of options  granted has been
estimated at the date of the grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.

            The Company valued its options using the following  weighted average
assumptions for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000:


                                             2002      2001       2000
                                             ----      ----       ----
      Risk-free interest rate............    2.5%       3.5%       6.0%
      Dividend yield.....................    0%         0%         0%
      Volatility.........................    1.06       0.60       0.91
      Expected life of options in years..    4.3        4.3        4.3

                                      F-13
<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

            The  Black-Scholes  option  pricing  model was  developed for use in
estimating  the fair  market  value  of  traded  options  that  have no  vesting
restrictions and are fully  transferable.  In addition,  option valuation models
require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock
price  volatility.  Because the  Company's  stock  options have  characteristics
significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the
subjective  input  assumptions  can  materially  affect  the fair  market  value
estimate.  In  management's  opinion,  the  existing  models do not  necessarily
provide a reliable single measure of the fair market value of its stock options.

            For purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the estimated fair value of
the options is  amortized  to expense  over the  options'  vesting  period.  The
Company's pro forma information for the years ended December 31 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 2002             2001            2000
                                             ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                          <C>             <C>             <C>
Net loss as reported ......................  $(15,935,900)   $(19,464,723)   $(11,418,213)
                                                                             ------------
Add: Stock-based employee compensation
   costs included in the determination
   of net loss, as reported................       945,000             --              --
Deduct: Stock-based employee compensation
   costs that would have been included
   in the determination of net loss if the
   fair value method had been applied
   to all awards...........................    (2,923,231)     (2,687,751)     (1,686,989)
                                             ------------    ------------    ------------
Net loss, proforma ........................  $(17,914,131)   $(22,152,474)   $(13,105,202)
Basic and diluted net loss per share
   as reported ............................  $      (0.90)   $      (1.26)   $      (0.91)
Pro forma basic and diluted net loss
   per share...............................  $      (1.02)   $      (1.43)   $      (1.04)
</TABLE>


      The weighted  average grant date fair value of options  granted during the
years  ended  December  31,  2002,  2001,  and 2000 was $3.80,  $5.33 and $4.30,
respectively.  The weighted average remaining  contractual life of those options
is 9.01 years, 6.8 years and 7.2 years during the years ended December 31, 2002,
2001 and 2000, respectively.

      The effects of applying FAS 123 pro forma disclosures are not likely to be
representative of the effects on reported net loss for future years.

Reclassification

        Certain  prior year  balances  have been  reclassified  for  comparative
purposes.

2.   Investments

            At December 31, 2002 and 2001, investments consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         2002                                     2001
                        ---------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
                                         Gross                                    Gross
                                       Unrealized    Estimated                   Unrealized    Estimated
                           Cost          Gains       Fair Value       Cost         Gains       Fair Value
                           ----          -----       ----------       ----         -----       ----------
<S>                     <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Corporate notes ......  $ 2,001,580   $       543   $ 2,002,123   $ 6,678,378   $    79,642   $ 6,758,020


U.S. government notes.         --            --            --       2,000,000        22,500     2,022,500

Commercial paper .....         --            --            --       2,000,000          --       2,000,000
                        -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                        $ 2,001,580   $       543   $ 2,002,123   $10,678,378   $   102,142   $10,780,520
                        ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========
</TABLE>
                                      F-14
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

3.   Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consist of the following:

                                                       December 31,
                                                    2002           2001
                                                 -----------    -----------
Furniture and fixtures .......................   $   184,305    $   178,926
Office equipment .............................       238,822        242,233
Laboratory equipment .........................       978,485        742,882
Leasehold improvements .......................     2,919,390      2,917,075
                                                 -----------    -----------
                                                   4,321,002      4,081,116
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization    (1,704,809)    (1,613,209)
                                                 -----------    -----------
                                                 $ 2,616,193    $ 2,467,907
                                                 ===========    ===========

4.   Lease Commitments

            The  Company  leases its  facilities  and  certain  equipment  under
non-cancelable  operating  leases.  Rent expense is recorded on a  straight-line
basis over the term of the lease.  During the third quarter of 2002, the Company
subleased a portion of its  facility.  Rental  income is  recorded as  received.
Future minimum lease payments, net of future minimum sublease income at December
31, 2002, are as follows:

                                 Lease          Sublease       Future Minimum
 Years ending December 31,     Commitments       Income      Lease Commitments
 -------------------------     -----------       ------      -----------------

           2003...........       1,287,948     (1,111,123)       176,825
           2004...........       1,326,144     (1,174,738)       151,406
           2005...........       1,365,468     (1,209,979)       155,489
           2006...........       1,405,992     (1,246,278)       159,714
           2007...........       1,447,716     (1,283,666)       164,050
     Thereafter...........       1,490,700     (1,322,175)       168,525
                               -----------    -----------    -----------
                               $ 8,323,968    $(7,347,959)   $   976,009
                               ===========    ===========    ===========

            Rent expense,  net of sublease income, was $891,620,  $1,653,337 and
$1,817,427 for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, and 2000,  respectively.
The Company received  $405,000 in sublease income during the year ended December
31, 2002.

            Restricted  cash at  December  31,  2002 and 2001 was  approximately
$227,500 and 614,000,  respectively, and represents amounts that secure a letter
of credit related to our leases.

5.   401(k) Plan

            The Company  maintains a savings and  retirement  plan under Section
401(k) of the Internal  Revenue Code.  All employees are eligible to participate
on their first day of employment with the Company. Under the plan, employees may
contribute  up to 15% of salaries  per year  subject to  statutory  limits.  The
Company provides a matching  contribution equal to 25% of the employee's rate of
contribution,  up to a maximum  contribution rate of 4% of the employee's annual
salary. Expenses related to the plan for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001
and 2000 were not significant.

6.   Restructuring

          On July 23, 2002 and December 13, 2002 the Board of Directors formally
adopted reduction in force programs  affecting  primarily research and marketing
functions.  The  reductions  resulted in a decrease of nine and five  employees,
respectively.  During the third and fourth quarters,  we recorded  severance and
other  related  charges of $210,000 and  $143,000,  respectively.  In the fourth
quarter,  we recorded a stock based  compensation  charge of $250,000 related to
the  extension of the  exercise  period of certain  options  held by  terminated
employees.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

7.   Acquisitions, Licenses and Other Agreements

Acquisitions

            In  December   1997,  the  Company   acquired   patent  and  related
intellectual property rights relating to Cellegesic (the "Agreement"), a topical
product  candidate  for the  treatment  of anal  fissures and  hemorrhoids  from
Neptune  Pharmaceuticals  Corporation  ("Neptune").   Under  the  terms  of  the
Agreement,  the  Company  issued  429,752  shares of common  stock to Neptune on
December 31,  1997.  Upon the signing of a letter of intent on November 3, 1997,
33,057 shares of common stock were issued to Neptune.  The Agreement calls for a
series  of  additional  payments,  payable  in  shares  of  common  stock,  upon
successful  completion of various  development  milestones.  Upon  completion of
milestones in 2001,  the Company issued 104,113 shares of common stock valued at
$750,000  which has been  recorded to research  and  development  expenses.  The
remaining  milestones,  if achieved,  would become payable over the next several
years.  Depending on several  factors,  including the market price of the common
stock,  such payments,  which are fixed based on the Agreement,  could result in
the issuance of a significant  number of shares of common stock or cash.  Future
potential  milestones,  if all paid in Cellegy  common stock could result in the
issuance of up to an additional  1,285,000  shares of Cellegy common stock based
on the closing  price of Cellegy stock at time of issuance.  The Agreement  does
not provide for the payment by the Company of any future  product  royalties  in
connection with sales of Cellegesic.

            In June 2000,  Cellegy  acquired all assets of Quay  Pharmaceuticals
Pty Ltd ("Quay"), an Australian  pharmaceutical company producing Rectogesic,  a
drug similar to Cellegesic.  The acquired assets consisted of Quay's  inventory,
purchased at Quay's cost at the time of  acquisition,  other tangible assets and
purchased  technology.  The aggregate purchase price of $1,835,000  included the
aggregate  value of the 169,224  shares of Cellegy  common  stock issued to Quay
with a value of $977,000,  warrants to purchase  171,146  shares of common stock
with a fair value of $489,000, and cash payments of $369,000. The purchase price
was  allocated to the net tangible  assets of $97,000,  purchased  technology of
$770,000, and goodwill of $968,000,  based on their estimated fair values on the
acquisition  date.  Purchased  technology and goodwill were being amortized over
three and ten  years,  respectively.  Following  the  adoption  of FAS 142,  the
goodwill will no longer be amortized as of January 1, 2002. This transaction has
been  accounted for by the purchase  method of accounting and  accordingly,  the
approximated  purchase price,  shown above, has been allocated to the net assets
acquired and the  liabilities  assumed based on the estimated fair values at the
date of  acquisition,  with the excess of the purchase price over assigned asset
values recorded as goodwill.  The results of operating the acquired company have
been  included in the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  since the
acquisition  date.

            On November 27, 2001, Cellegy acquired Vaxis Therapeutics, a private
Canadian company. Vaxis, renamed Cellegy Canada, is a small early stage research
and  development  entity  with  access  to  scientists  in the  areas of  sexual
dysfunction,  peripheral vascular disorders and nitric oxide  pharmacology.  The
acquisition of this research is in line with the Company's goal of expanding its
pipeline of products  and  protecting  its patents.  The purchase  price of $4.1
million  consisted  of 533,612  shares of our common stock and $142,000 in cash.
The purchase  price was  allocated as follows:  $350,000 to  intangible  assets,
$250,000 to tangible assets and $3,500,000 to acquired  in-process  research and
development.  The acquired technology was in an early stage of development that,
as of the acquisition date,  technological  feasibility had not been reached and
no alternative  use existed.  One of the  assumptions  used in  determining  the
purchase price  allocation was a discount rate of 37% on probability of expected
cash flows. The intangible  assets will be amortized over 5 years, the period of
contractual obligation.

            The Vaxis purchase agreement contains earn-out  provisions for seven
years  that are  based on  commercial  sales of any  products  developed  by the
Company or other revenues generated from the acquired  research.  Any contingent
consideration  paid in the future will be accounted for as a cost of earning the
related  revenues.  The results of operations of the acquired  company have been
included  in  the  Company's   consolidated   financial   statements  since  the
acquisition date.

            Accumulated  amortization of the Vaxis intangible assets at December
31, 2002 was $75,000.  The expected  amortization expense for Vaxis for the next
four years will be  approximately  $68,800 per year.  The expected  amortization
expense for Quay for the next year will be approximately $107,000.

                                      F-16
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

Other Agreements

            In October 1993,  Cellegy entered into a license  agreement with the
University of California providing for an exclusive,  worldwide, royalty bearing
license,  subject to customary  government rights, for patent rights relating to
barrier  repair  formulations  jointly held by the  University  and Cellegy,  in
consideration  of the issuance to the  University of certain shares of preferred
stock (which subsequently converted into shares of common stock) and the payment
by Cellegy of a licensing fee. In March 1994, Cellegy entered into an exclusive,
worldwide,  royalty  bearing  license  agreement  with the University for patent
rights,  jointly held by the University of California  and Cellegy,  relating to
certain drug delivery  technologies,  in consideration of the payment by Cellegy
of a  licensing  fee,  and an annual  maintenance  fee  payable  each year until
Cellegy is  commercially  selling a licensed  product.  In April  2000,  Cellegy
terminated  the  Exclusive   License   Agreement   relating  to  barrier  repair
formulations and assigned its rights in the invention to the University.  We are
now in the process of  terminating  our license  patent  right  relating to drug
delivery   technologies  and  assigning  the  rights  to  the  University.   The
termination of these licenses reflects,  in part, a shift towards development of
products from the Company's own research  efforts in areas which we believe have
the potential to be more commercially viable.

            In August 2001,  Cellegy  announced a  comprehensive  agreement with
Ventiv Health, Inc.  ("Ventiv"),  a contract sales  organization.  Ventiv was to
provide certain sales and marketing  services relating to the anticipated launch
of Cellegesic.  In September 2002,  Cellegy and Ventiv terminated the Cellegesic
License Agreement based on the delay in  commercialization  of Cellegesic due to
the withdrawal of the NDA and the subsequent  decision to conduct  another Phase
III clinical trial.

            In December 31, 2002,  Cellegy entered into a license agreement with
PDI,  Inc.  granting  PDI the  exclusive  right  to  store,  promote,  sell  and
distribute Tostrex, one of our products awaiting FDA approval, in North American
markets.  Cellegy  received an upfront payment of $15.0 million on the effective
date  (December  31, 2002) and a payment of $10.0  million is due to us no later
than  thirty  days after we certify to PDI that  Tostrex  has  received  all FDA
approvals required to manufacture, sell and distribute the product in the United
States.  We have recorded  financing  costs of $947,000 to selling,  general and
administrative  expenses  for the year ended  December  31, 2002 related to this
agreement.  If we receive the $10.0 million  payment,  we will incur  additional
financing costs of $600,000. Under the PDI agreement,  Cellegy will also receive
royalties  each year until the  expiration  of the last patent right  related to
Tostrex of 20% - 30% of net sales and we will be reimbursed for 110% of burdened
costs for any product  supplied to PDI. The $15 million upfront payment has been
included as deferred  revenue as of December 31, 2002 and will be  recognized as
revenue over the 18 year term of the agreement.

9.   Shareholders' Equity

Common Stock Private Placements

      In October 2000, Cellegy completed a private placement of 1,500,000 shares
of  common  stock  at a price  of $7.75  per  share to a group of  institutional
investors. Net proceeds were $11,602,473.

      In June 2001, we completed a private placement of approximately  2,700,000
million  shares of  common  stock at a price of $5.60  per  share.  Participants
included two current investors, as well as five new investors. Net proceeds were
$15,199,206.

      In November  2002,  we  completed  a private  placement  of  approximately
2,200,000  million  shares our  common  stock at a price of $2.50 per share to a
single investor, John M. Gregory, founder and former CEO of King Pharmaceuticals
and currently  managing  partner of SJ Strategic  Investments  LLC. Net proceeds
were $5,225,000.

Preferred Stock

      The Company's Articles of Incorporation provide that the Company may issue
up to 5,000,000  shares of preferred  stock in one or more series.  The Board of
Directors is authorized  to establish  from time to time the number of shares to
be included  in, and the  designation  of, any such series and to  determine  or
alter the  rights,  preferences,  privileges,  and  restrictions  granted  to or
imposed upon any wholly  unissued  series of preferred  stock and to increase or
decrease  the number of shares of any such series  without  any further  vote or
action by the shareholders.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

Stock Option Plans

      In 1995, Cellegy adopted the Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") to provide
for the issuance of incentive  stock options and  non-statutory  stock  options.
When the Plan was  established,  Cellegy  reserved  700,000 shares for issuance.
From 1996 to 2002, a total of 4,150,000  shares were reserved for issuance under
the  Plan.  Options  issued  under  the  Plan  have a term of 10  years  and are
generally subject to vesting over 3 years.

Activity under the Plan is summarized as follows:

                                   Shares        Exercise Price     Weighted
                                   Under            Range            Average
                                   Option         Per Share       Exercise Price
                                   ------         ---------       --------------

Balance at January 1, 2000 .      2,187,763      $0.50 - $8.81      $   4.82
   Granted .................        191,350      $3.31 - $9.00      $   6.21
   Canceled ................       (132,718)     $3.00 - $9.00      $   5.35
   Exercised ...............        (95,754)     $1.81 - $6.25      $   3.97
                                  ---------
Balance at December 31, 2000      2,150,641      $0.50 - $9.00      $   5.00
   Granted .................        476,000      $4.56 - $15.00     $   7.96
   Canceled ................       (123,634)     $3.69 - $7.87      $   5.71
   Exercised ...............        (60,803)     $1.81 - $4.62      $   3.35
                                  ---------
Balance at December 31, 2001      2,442,204      $0.50 - $15.00     $   5.59
   Granted .................      1,898,789      $1.80 - $8.59      $   3.84
   Canceled ................       (221,869)     $1.80 - $9.00      $   5.97
   Exercised ...............       (156,632)     $0.50 - $3.87      $   2.90
                                  --------
Balance at December 31, 2002      3,962,492      $1.80 - $15.00     $   4.83
                                  =========


      At December 31, 2002, options to purchase 2,362,446 shares of common stock
were vested and  exercisable at exercise prices ranging from $1.80 to $15.00 per
share.  At  December  31,  2001 and 2000,  options  to  purchase  1,576,834  and
1,283,744 shares of common stock were vested and exerciseable,  respectively. At
December  31,  2002,  options to purchase  242,718  shares of common  stock were
available for future option grants under the Plan.

      The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
and exercisable related to the Plan at December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Options Outstanding                     Options Exercisable
                                    -------------------------------------------------------     -------------------------------
                                                                Weighted           Weighted                            Weighted
                                                                 Average            Average                             Average
                                      Outstanding at            Remaining          Exercise      Exercisable at        Exercise
     Range of Exercise Price         December 31, 2002      Contractual Life         Price      December 31, 2002        Price
     -----------------------         -----------------      ----------------         -----      -----------------        -----
<C>                                       <C>                  <C>                  <C>            <C>                  <C>
$1.80 - $3.88....................          1,830,078            6.8 years            $2.48          1,106,644            $2.90
$4.00 - $6.99....................          1,295,114            3.5 years            $5.78            789,636            $5.37
$7.00 - $15.00...................            837,300            6.7 years            $8.52            466,166            $7.91
Total............................          3,962,492            5.6 years            $4.83          2,362,446            $4.72

</TABLE>

Director's Stock Option Plan

     In 1995,  Cellegy  adopted  the 1995  Directors'  Stock  Option  Plan  (the
"Directors' Plan") to provide for the issuance of non-qualified stock options to
eligible  outside  Directors.  When the plan was  established,  Cellegy reserved
150,000  shares for issuance.  From 1996 to 2002, a total of 350,000 shares were
reserved for issuance under the Directors'  Plan.  Options issued under the Plan
have a term of 10 years and are generally subject to vesting over 3 years.

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

Activity under the Directors' Plan is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Shares           Price              Weighted
                                          Under            Range              Average
                                          Option          Per Share         Exercise Price
                                          ------          ---------         --------------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>                      <C>
Balance at January 1, 2000.........        112,500       $3.25 - $8.50            $5.13
   Granted.........................         70,000           $4.81                $4.81
                                          --------
Balance at December 31, 2000.......        182,500       $3.25 - $8.50            $5.01
   Granted.........................         46,000       $5.50 - $6.50            $5.85
                                          --------
Balance at December 31, 2001.......        228,500       $3.25 - $8.50            $7.26
   Granted.........................         64,000           $2.56                $2.56
                                          --------
Balance at December 31, 2002.......        292,500       $2.56 - $8.50            $4.61

</TABLE>

      At December 31, 2002,  options to purchase  179,330 shares of common stock
were vested and  exercisable at exercise  prices ranging from $3.25 to $8.50 per
share.  At December 31, 2002,  options to purchase 36,833 shares of common stock
were available for future option grants under the Directors' Plan.

      The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
and exercisable related to the Directors' Plan at December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Options Outstanding                              Options Exercisable
                                 ------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------------
                                                          Weighted         Weighted                                 Weighted
                                                           Average          Average                                  Average
                                  Outstanding at          Remaining        Exercise           Exercisable at        Exercise
Range of Exercise Price          December 31, 2002    Contractual Life       Price           December 31, 2002        Price
-----------------------          -----------------    ----------------       -----           -----------------        -----
<S>                                   <C>                <C>                <C>                    <C>               <C>
    $2.56 - $3.25.......               68,000             9.1 years          $2.60                  4,000             $3.25
    $4.50 - $5.50.......              206,500             6.2 years          $5.08                167,996             $5.09
    $6.50 - $8.50.......               18,000             7.9 years          $6.72                  7,334             $7.04
    Total...............              292,500             6.7 years          $4.61                179,330             $5.13
</TABLE>


Shares reserved

      As of December  31,  2002,  we have  reserved  shares of common  stock for
future issuance as follows:

              Warrants.............               300,000
              Stock Option Plans...               279,551
              Neptune Agreement....             1,285,000
                                                ---------
              Total................             1,864,551
                                                =========

            Warrants  to  purchase  300,000  shares  of our  common  stock at an
average  exercise  price of $11.75 per share are  outstanding as of December 31,
2002. The warrants expire between March and September 2005.

Non-cash Compensation Expense related to Stock Options

            For the year ended December 31, 2002, the Company recorded  non-cash
compensation  expense of $1,017,000.  $72,000 of this expense related to options
issued to non-employees under the Equity Incentive Plan. $250,000 related to the
extension of the exercise  period of certain  options  issued to employees  that
were terminated in December,  2002 (see Note 6 Restructuring).  $695,000 related
to  the  modification  of  certain   previously   granted  stock  options.   The
modification  reduced  the  number  of shares  subject  to the  options  and was
implemented in connection  with the restoration of salaries and fees for certain
employees and board members whose compensation had been reduced earlier in 2002.
The modification resulted in a variable option accounting charge with respect to
the vested portion of the modified  options.  The expense  reflected in the 2002
financial  statements is based on the number of options vested multiplied by the
difference between the closing price of our common stock as of year end of $4.05
per  share  and the  original  exercise  price  of the  options  of  $1.80.  The
outstanding  variable  options to purchase 309,000 shares of our common stock as
of  December  31, 2002 will be subject to  re-measurement  until the options are
exercised or cancelled.

10.   Income Taxes

            At  December   31,  2002  the   Company  had  net   operating   loss
carryforwards of approximately $55,000,000 and $10,000,000 for federal and state
purposes,  respectively.  The federal net operating  loss  carryforwards  expire
between  the years 2004 and 2022.  The state net  operating  loss  carryforwards
expire  between the years 2004 and 2013. At December 31, 2002,  the Company also
had research and development  credit  carryforwards of approximately  $1,200,000
and $700,000 for federal and state purposes,  respectively.  The federal credits
expire  between  the years 2006 and 2022 and the state  credits  do not  expire.
Pursuant to the "change in ownership" provisions of

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

the Tax Reform Act of 1986,  utilization of the Company's net operating loss and
research and development tax credit carryforwards may be limited if a cumulative
change of  ownership  of more than 50%  occurs  within  any  three-year  period.
Deferred  income  taxes  reflect  the net tax effects of  temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets are as follows (in thousands):

                                           December 31,
                                      --------------------
                                         2002       2001
                                       -------     -------
Deferred tax assets:
   Net operating loss carryforwards   $ 19,300    $ 20,200
   Deferred revenue ...............      6,000        --
   Credit carryforwards ...........      1,600       1,900
   Capitalized intangibles ........      1,900       1,800
   Other, net .....................        800         300
                                       -------     -------
Total deferred tax assets .........     29,600      24,200
Valuation allowance ...............    (29,600)    (24,200)
                                       -------     -------
Net deferred tax assets ...........   $   --      $   --
                                       =======     =======

      The  valuation  allowance  for  deferred  tax assets for 2002,  2001,  and
increased by approximately $5,400,000, $5,700,000 and $3,500,000, respectively.

11.  Segment Reporting

      The Company has two business segments: pharmaceuticals and cosmeceuticals.
Pharmaceuticals include primarily research and clinical development expenses for
potential  prescription  products to be marketed  directly by Cellegy or through
corporate partners.

      Current  pharmaceutical  revenues consist primarily of Rectogesic sales in
Australia,  in addition to the PDI License  Agreement  for Tostrex.  The Company
expects to complete other corporate collaborations in the future for a number of
its  potential   pharmaceutical   products,  which  may  result  in  milestones,
development funding and royalties on sales.

      Cellegy  expects to  generate  future  revenues on  potential  products it
intends to self-market.The  cosmeceutical  business segment includes development
expenses for non-prescription anti-aging products. During 2001 and 2000, Cellegy
incurred  development  expenses for its cosmeceutical  products.  No development
expenses were incurred in 2002. Our product sales are from one customer, Gryphon
Development,  Inc.,  which is selling one of the Company's  skin care  products,
exclusively in the United States, through a major specialty retailer.

      Cellegy  allocates  its revenues and  operating  expenses to each business
segment,  but does not assess segment performance or allocate resources based on
a segment's  assets and,  therefore,  asset  depreciation  and  amortization and
capital expenditures are not reported by segment. The accounting policies of the
reportable  segments  are  the  same  as  those  described  in  the  summary  of
significant accounting policies.

      The  Company's  segments  are  business  units that will,  in some  cases,
distribute  products to different types of customers through different marketing
programs.  The  potential  future  sales of  cosmeceutical  products  require  a
significantly  different marketing effort than sales of pharmaceutical  products
to  physicians  and  other  traditional  pharmaceutical  distribution  channels.
Pharmaceutical  products require more extensive  clinical testing and ultimately
regulatory approval by the FDA and other worldwide health registration agencies,
requiring a more extensive  level of development,  manufacturing  and compliance
than a cosmeceutical product.

      The following table contains information  regarding revenues and operating
income  (loss) of each business  segment for the years ended  December 31, 2002,
2001, and 2000:

      Total assets were minimal for the cosmeceutical segment.

                                      F-20
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

                                     Years ended December 31,
                           --------------------------------------------
                              2002            2001            2000
                           ------------    ------------    ------------
Revenues:
   Pharmaceuticals .....   $    320,339    $    217,439    $    196,434
   Cosmeceuticals ......      1,081,287         660,052       1,389,189
                           ------------    ------------    ------------
                           $  1,401,626    $    877,491    $  1,585,623
                           ============    ============    ============
Operating Income (Loss):
   Pharmaceuticals .....   $(17,157,562)   $(21,021,796)   $(13,114,538)
   Cosmeceuticals ......        700,837          52,427       1,127,139
                           ------------    ------------    ------------
                           $(16,456,725)   $(20,969,369)   $(11,987,399)
                           ============    ============    ============


Revenue from Major Customer

      Revenues from product sales to one customer represented approximately 70%,
75% and 88% of consolidated revenue for 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

Geographic data

      Approximately  20% of our total  revenues are from sales of  Rectogesic in
Australia.  All other sales are in the United  States.  Primarily  all our total
assets are located in the United States.

12.  Related Party Transactions

      Cellegy has paid fees to the Company's board members for their services on
the board,  audit committee and compensation  committee.  The total fees paid to
these directors during 2002, 2001 and 2000 were $10,000, $30,000 and $46,500.

      There were no  consulting  fees paid in cash to any board members in 2002.
For 2001,  consulting  fees of $ 80,000 were paid to two board  members based on
consulting agreements.

      The Company also recognized  $33,000 in  compensation  expense during 2002
for a consulting  agreement  with a former board  member.  Cellegy  issued stock
options to this board member for his consulting services.

      Cellegy has an interest bearing $100,000 loan outstanding to a non-officer
employee, which was issued in conjunction with the purchase of his home.

13.  Quarterly Financial Data ( unaudited )

(amounts in thousands except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        2002                               First            Second           Third        Fourth
                                                          Quarter           Quarter         Quarter       Quarter           Total
                                                       ----------------- ------------- -------------- --------------- --------------
<S>                                                    <C>               <C>           <C>               <C>             <C>
Total revenue....................................      $        267      $       150   $      145    $        840     $     1,402
Operating loss...................................            (4,642)          (5,753)      (1,756)         (4,306)        (16,457)

Net loss.........................................            (4,387)          (5,624)      (1,623)         (4,302)        (15,936)
Basic & diluted net loss per common share........      $      (0.25)     $     (0.32)   $   (0.09)    $     (0.24)    $     (0.90)




                        2001                               First            Second          Third         Fourth
                                                          Quarter           Quarter        Quarter        Quarter           Total
                                                       ----------------- ------------- -------------- --------------- --------------
Total revenue....................................      $         41      $        53   $      265     $       518     $       877
Operating loss...................................            (4,206)          (4,352)      (4,182)         (8,229)        (20,969)

Net loss.........................................            (3,777)          (4,156)      (3,871)         (7,661)        (19,465)
Basic & diluted net loss per common share........      $      (0.27)     $     (0.29)   $   (0.23)    $     (0.47)    $     (1.26)


</TABLE>
                                      F-21
<PAGE>




                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   __________

                                    EXHIBITS

                                       to

                                    Form 10-K


                                      Under

                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


                                   __________


                          CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
