<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>p15086_10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark one)

   X        Annual  Report  Pursuant  to Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
-------     Exchange Act of 1934 for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001 OR

            Transition  Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
-------     Exchange Act of 1934


                         Commission File Number 0-21180


                          CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              California                                   82-0429727
    (State or other jurisdiction of                     (I.R.S. Employer
    incorporation or organization)                     Identification No.)

  349 Oyster Point Boulevard, Suite 200, South San Francisco, California 94080
                         (Address of Principal Executive
                               Offices) (zip code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (650) 616-2200


           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

              None                              Nasdaq National Market
       (Title of each class)        (Name of each exchange on which registered)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                           Common Stock, no par value
                                (Title of class)


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  Registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                         YES ___X___           NO _____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. (____)

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
Registrant  as of March 5, 2002 was  $74,196,080  based on the closing price for
the common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market on such date. This  calculation does
not include a determination  that persons are affiliates or  non-affiliates  for
any other purpose.

The  number  of  shares  of  common  stock  outstanding  as of March 5, 2002 was
17,304,976.

                       Documents Incorporated By Reference

The  information  called for by Part III is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company
which will be filed with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission not later than
120 days after December 31, 2001.



<PAGE>


                CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
                                     Part I

Item 1.    BUSINESS.........................................................  1
Item 2.    PROPERTIES.......................................................  10
Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS................................................  10
Item 4.    SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS..............  10
Item 4a.   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.............................  10

                                     Part II

Item 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
                  STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.......................................  12
Item 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA..........................................  13
Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.......................  13
Item 7a.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.......  21
Item 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA......................  21
Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
                  AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE..................................  21

                                    Part III

Item 10.   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT...............  22
Item 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION...........................................  22
Item 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT...  22
Item 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS...................  22

                                     Part IV

Item 14.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.. 23


         Unless the  context  otherwise  requires,  the terms "we",  "our",  and
"Cellegy" refer to Cellegy Pharmaceuticals,  Inc., a California corporation, and
its subsidiaries.

         Anogesic  and  Celledirm  are our  registered  trademarks.  Cellegesic,
Tostrex,  Tostrelle,  and  Rectogesic  are  our  trademarks.  We also  refer  to
trademarks of other  corporations and  organizations  in this document.  Cellegy
recently  began  using  Cellegesic  in place of  Anogesic  for its lead  product
following   discussions  with  the  FDA  during  its  review  of  our  New  Drug
Application.


<PAGE>


                                     PART I

ITEM 1:  BUSINESS

     Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Cellegy" or the "Company"), incorporated in
California  in 1989,  is a specialty  biopharmaceutical  company  engaged in the
development  of  prescription  drugs and skin care  products.  Our  prescription
products  are directed  towards the  treatment  of  gastrointestinal  disorders,
sexual  dysfunction  of both men and women,  and selected  conditions  affecting
women's health.

     Cellegy's lead product candidate,  CellegesicTM  (nitroglycerin  ointment),
formerly  referred  to as  Anogesic(R),  is  under  review  by the  FDA  for the
treatment of chronic anal fissures, a painful condition which, in the absence of
an approved drug therapy,  often requires  surgery.  We filed the Cellegesic New
Drug  Application  (NDA) with the FDA in June 2001,  and an amendment to the NDA
was filed in November 2001 including data from a second Phase III clinical study
using Cellegesic to treat pain associated with chronic anal fissures.  In August
2001, we submitted a Marketing Authorization  Application (MAA) to the Medicines
Control Agency (MCA) in the United Kingdom requesting approval of Rectogesic(TM)
(nitroglycerin  ointment)  for the treatment of anal  fissures.  Rectogesic is a
product similar in formulation to Cellegesic. In addition, a New Drug Submission
(NDS)  including  data  from the  United  States  NDA for  Cellegesic  marketing
approval  will be  filed  by the end of the  first  quarter  of  2002  with  the
Therapeutic  Products Programme (TPP) in Canada. For all of these registrations,
Cellegy  submitted  expert  reports  and  supportive  data  from the  Australian
regulatory  package for  Rectogesic(TM)  which was  approved  by the  Australian
Therapeutic Goods  Administration  (TGA) and has been  successfully  marketed in
Australia  since early 1999.  Cellegy is also  conducting  two Phase II clinical
trials using  Cellegesic to determine its effect on the symptoms of hemorrhoids.
Hemorrhoids  afflict an  estimated  22  million  people  annually  in the United
States, Europe and Japan, according to published data.

         Cellegy's  second lead  product  candidate,  Tostrex(TM)  (testosterone
gel),  is for the  treatment  of male  hypogonadism,  which  usually  results in
diminished  sexual  function,  lethargy and, in severe  cases,  reduced bone and
muscle  mass in men.  Based on positive  results  achieved in an analysis of the
majority of patients in the pivotal  Phase III trial in November  2001,  Cellegy
completed patient  enrollment and plans to file an NDA during the second quarter
of 2002.  In addition to Tostrex,  Cellegy is  developing  a second  transdermal
testosterone gel, Tostrelle(TM),  for the treatment of female sexual dysfunction
in postmenopausal  women.  Testosterone  deficiency in women frequently leads to
diminished  libido,  decreased  bone and muscle mass and reduced  energy levels.
Tostrelle has successfully completed two Phase I/II clinical studies and Cellegy
expects to begin an advanced  Phase II/III study by the end of the first quarter
of 2002.

     In November 2001, Cellegy acquired Vaxis Therapeutics  Corporation ("Vaxis"
or "Cellegy  Canada"),  a private Canadian  company based in Kingston,  Ontario.
This  acquisition  expands our pipeline of products for the  treatment of sexual
dysfunction  in males and  females and  complements  our  current  products.  In
addition to product  candidates  for the  treatment of sexual  dysfunction,  the
Vaxis product pipeline  consists of nitroglycerin  and other nitric oxide donors
for the treatment of various disorders  including:  Reynaud's Disease,  Restless
Leg Syndrome,  prostate cancer and other potential indications. We have recently
expanded  our  research to  capitalize  on the  scientific  expertise of Cellegy
Canada's scientists.

     Cellegy's research and development  programs also focus on inflammation and
second generation products for anorectal diseases.  In the area of inflammation,
our  scientists  have  discovered  a  family  of  compounds  that we have  named
CELLEDIRM.  CELLEDIRM-based  products  may be  useful in  reducing  inflammation
associated  with  a  number  of  skin,  mucous  membrane  and   gastrointestinal
conditions.

     This  Annual  Report  includes  forward-looking   statements  that  involve
substantial risks and uncertainties.  These  forward-looking  statements are not
historical  facts, but rather are based on current  expectations,  estimates and
projections about our industry,  our beliefs and our assumptions.  Words such as
"believes,"  "anticipates,"  "expects,"  "intends" and similar  expressions  are
intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means
of identifying such  statements.  Our  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of
Financial   Condition   and   Results   of   Operations"   contains   many  such
forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future  performance and concern matters that involve risks and  uncertainties
that could  cause our  actual  results  to differ  materially  from those in the
forward-looking   statements.   These  risks  and  uncertainties  include  those
described in  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and
Results of  Operations - Factors That May Affect Future  Operating  Results" and
elsewhere in this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we

                                       1
<PAGE>

undertake no  obligation  to revise any  forward-looking  statements in order to
reflect  events or  circumstances  that may arise  after the date of this Annual
Report.  Actual events or results may differ  materially from those discussed in
this Annual Report.

Marketing and Commercialization Strategy

     Cellegy  intends to become a leader in the  development  and  marketing  of
selected  specialty  biopharmaceutical  products  that are directed  towards the
treatment of  gastrointestinal  disorders,  sexual  dysfunction  of both men and
women,  and conditions  affecting  women's  health.  Key elements of our related
business and commercialization strategy include the following:

     o      Self-Marketing  to Specialty  Physician Markets in United States. We
            plan to market  Cellegesic  to a targeted  audience of key physician
            specialists,     principally     Colon    and    Rectal    Surgeons,
            Gastroenterologists    ("GI's")    and    Obstetrician-Gynecologists
            ("OB-GYN's"),  through the  establishment of our own sales force. We
            plan  to  seek  larger  pharmaceutical  partners  to  assist  in the
            promotion  of the product to broader  physician  audiences.  Cellegy
            intends to  commercialize  Tostrex through  co-promotion  agreements
            with  partners  in the  United  States.  We plan to  outlicense  the
            overseas  rights for products we develop in exchange for upfront and
            milestone payments, as well as royalties on sales.

     o      Marketing and Sales  Agreement  with Ventiv  Health.  We announced a
            comprehensive  agreement  with Ventiv  Health,  Inc.  ("Ventiv"),  a
            contract sales  organization,  in August 2001. Under the control and
            direction  of  Cellegy,   Ventiv  will  provide  certain  sales  and
            marketing services relating to the anticipated launch of Cellegesic,
            including hiring a sales force of approximately 75  representatives.
            Ventiv  will  advance  up to $10  million,  the  amount  and  timing
            depending on various  circumstances,  to Cellegy to cover pre-launch
            and launch expenses. In return, the agreement provides Ventiv with a
            share of  Cellegesic  profits through a multi-royalty stream towards
            the end of the six-year agreement period.

     o      Acquisition of  Complementary  Products and  Companies.  As was done
            with the  acquisitions  of Vaxis in  Canada  in  November  2001,  of
            Rectogesic from Quay  Pharmaceuticals  Pty Ltd ("Quay") in Australia
            in  June  2000,  and  of  Cellegesic  from  Neptune  Pharmaceuticals
            ("Neptune")  in the United  States in  December  1997,  we intend to
            acquire other products,  technologies or companies with products and
            distribution capabilities consistent with our commercial objectives.

     o      Manufacturing.  Cellegy has  established a long term  agreement with
            PanGeo   Pharma   Inc.,   ("PanGeo")   an  FDA   approved   contract
            manufacturing  company  based in  Canada.  PanGeo  has  successfully
            manufactured  Cellegesic,  Tostrex and  Tostrelle  for our  clinical
            trials and will be the commercial  manufacturer  for these products,
            when approved.

     o      Distribution.  Cellegy has entered into a distribution agreement for
            Rectogesic  in  South  Korea  and  intends  to  contract  additional
            distributors in Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.

Marketed Skin Care Products

     Cellegy  has  completed  development  of  certain  consumer  skin  care and
cosmeceutical    products,    including   skin   barrier    repairing/fortifying
moisturizers,  skin  protectants  and  anti-aging  lotions  and  creams.  We are
currently  marketing  our  C79  Intensive  Moisturizer  formulation  to a  major
specialty retailer which incorporates C79 into hand cream products. Our revenues
from sales of these  products  totaled  $660,000 in 2001 and have totaled  about
$3,400,000 million since product introduction late in 1998.

Products Under Development

Prescription Products

Cellegesic   (nitroglycerin   ointment  for   Treatment  of  Anal  Fissures  and
Hemorrhoids)

     Cellegy's   leading   product   candidate   is   Cellegesic,   a   topical,
nitroglycerin-based  prescription product for the treatment of anal fissures and
hemorrhoids. Anal fissures are painful tears in the lining of the anal mucosa, a
condition  afflicting  men and women of all age groups.  Of the over 600,000 new
cases of anal  fissures  occurring

                                       2

<PAGE>

each year in the United  States,  Europe and Japan,  many of these chronic cases
require  painful and  expensive  surgery,  a  procedure  that  sometimes  leaves
patients incontinent.  Hemorrhoids are dilated, swollen veins and tissue located
either  in the anal  canal or at the  margin of the anus.  In the  United  Sates
alone, there are approximately 9 million people who suffer from hemorrhoids each
year. Both conditions are  characterized by an increase in intra-anal  pressure,
which has been shown to be effectively reduced by the application of Cellegesic.

     Current drug therapies  include  anesthetics and  anti-inflammatory  agents
that only  partially  relieve  the  symptoms  of these  conditions.  Even though
current  treatments are only  partially  effective,  prescription  product sales
currently used to treat anal fissures and hemorrhoids  have been estimated to be
approximately  $500  million  annually in the United  States,  Europe and Japan.
Surgical  procedures  and  hospitalization  stays  related  to these  conditions
represent a substantial additional cost to the healthcare systems.

     Cellegesic is a proprietary formulation that includes nitroglycerin, a drug
that has been  used for many  years in the  treatment  of  angina  pectoris  and
certain other heart diseases. Several previous third party studies reported that
nitroglycerin,  once  administered to the anal canal,  causes  relaxation of the
sphincter  muscle  and helps to  relieve  pain and  promote  healing of the anal
fissure in most patients.

     We completed an initial Phase III clinical  trial using  Cellegesic for the
treatment of anal fissures and announced the results in November 1999. The trial
did not demonstrate a statistically significant rate of healing in comparison to
placebo,  but did show  rapid  and  significant  pain  reduction.  Based on this
outcome,  we  initiated  a second  Phase III trial in 2000 to confirm the drug's
ability to reduce  fissure  pain,  the primary trial  endpoint,  with healing of
chronic anal fissures as a secondary endpoint.

     The second Phase III clinical trial, which included 229 patients in several
study  centers in the United  States and  overseas,  was  completed in September
2001.  Patients  received  either of two  strengths  of  Cellegesic  or  placebo
administered on a daily basis over an eight-week treatment period. The patient's
pain scores were  tabulated and the patients were examined to determine  whether
the fissure had healed.  Positive results were achieved in the primary endpoint,
which was pain reduction of chronic anal fissures.  Statistical significance was
not achieved in healing, the secondary endpoint.

     In June 2001, we completed patient enrollment and filed an NDA with the FDA
requesting marketing approval of Cellegesic for the treatment of pain associated
with chronic anal  fissures.  We amended the NDA upon  completion  of the second
Phase III anal fissure pain study in November 2001. The decision to file the NDA
earlier than  previously  contemplated  followed a meeting with the FDA at which
Cellegy  re-reviewed  the results of its initial  Cellegesic  Phase III clinical
trial  and  presented   summary  data  from  several   trials   conducted   with
nitroglycerin  ointment by  investigators  around the world,  as well as various
other  materials.  Submitting the NDA before  completion of the second Phase III
trial may not necessarily reduce the period of time during which the FDA reviews
the filing and may have no effect on the regulatory review period.  There can be
no  assurances  that the NDA filing for  Cellegesic  will be  approved,  or that
earlier filing of the NDA will result in earlier product approval.

     In addition to the above mentioned fissures trial, Cellegy has two Phase II
clinical trials underway for various complications of hemorrhoids. Cellegesic is
protected by two  domestic  patents,  both of which have been  issued,  the most
recent in December 1997.  Similar Canadian and European patents have been issued
and numerous patent applications have been filed in most major overseas markets.

Tostrex (testosterone gel for male hormone replacement therapy)

     Cellegy is currently  developing a  transdermal  testosterone  gel to treat
male hypogonadism,  or below normal levels of the sex hormone testosterone.  Low
levels of  testosterone  can  result in  lethargy,  depression  and a decline in
libido.  In severely  deficient cases,  loss of muscle mass and bone density can
occur.  Approximately 5 million men in the United States, primarily in the aging
(over 40) male population  group, have lower than normal levels of testosterone.
Male  hypogonadism  is the first  indication  for which we will seek  regulatory
approval in the United States.  Subsequently,  testosterone  replacement  may be
used for "male andropause," a potentially greater market.

     There are a number of companies currently marketing testosterone in several
different product forms in domestic and international markets.  Cellegy believes
that a significant  market  opportunity  exists for an improved product,  as the
side effects and patient  inconveniences  associated  with many of the currently
marketed products have limited their use to less than 5% of potential  patients.
Current  product forms include  orals,  injectables,  transdermal  patches

                                       3
<PAGE>

and a testosterone  gel launched in 2000. The leading patch products are sold at
prices  averaging  about  $1,000 per year per patient with one other gel product
priced at over $3,500 per year.

     Cellegy's  proprietary  testosterone gel product  candidate is transparent,
rapid-drying and non-staining. It is designed as a once-a-day application from a
unique  metered dose dispenser to relatively  small areas of the skin.  Based on
successful Phase II dose ranging clinical studies which  demonstrated  Tostrex's
ability to deliver  testosterone into the bloodstream,  we began a pivotal Phase
III clinical trial designed to restore normal levels of testosterone in men with
testosterone  deficiency.  The trial,  including  201 patients at several  study
centers in the United States was  successfully  completed  and positive  results
were announced in November 2001. Cellegy now expects to file an NDA early in the
second quarter of 2002.

Tostrelle (testosterone gel for female hormone replacement therapy)

     Normal blood  concentrations  of  testosterone in women range from 10 to 20
times less than that of men. Nevertheless,  in both sexes,  testosterone plays a
key role in building muscle tissue or bone, and in maintaining  sexual drive. In
women, the ovaries and adrenal glands continue to synthesize  testosterone after
menopause,  although  the rate of  production  may  diminish  by as much as 50%.
Approximately  15 million  women in the United  States  suffer from  symptoms of
testosterone deficiency. At the present time, there are no approved products for
the treatment of this condition.

     Based on the results of  pharmacokinetic  studies in men receiving Tostrex,
Cellegy's  scientists  were able to estimate the proper  dosage of  testosterone
required  to achieve  normal  pre-menopausal  hormone  levels in  postmenopausal
women. The result is Cellegy's  Tostrelle,  a product designed to restore normal
testosterone levels in hormone deficient women.

     Cellegy has successfully  completed two Phase I/II pharmacokinetic  studies
in which we determined the proper dose necessary to restore normal  testosterone
levels to normally menopausal and surgically-induced  menopausal women. Based on
these results,  and a meeting with the FDA to discuss  advanced trial protocols,
we now intend to initiate a Phase II/III  clinical study in the first quarter of
2002.

Technology

Current Research Programs

     Cellegy's   research  and  development   programs  focus  on  nitric  oxide
pharmacology,  inflammation  and  nitric  oxide  treatments  for  anorectal  and
gastrointestinal  diseases,  sexual function and other  indications.  The recent
acquisition  of  Vaxis  has   significantly   broadened   Cellegy  research  and
development  efforts for the  treatment of female  sexual  dysfunction  and male
erectile dysfunction, and has also expanded our research into potential oncology
treatments.

     Cellegy's ongoing research and development efforts in the area of anorectal
disease have led to the identification and formulation development of two second
generation  products for the treatment of anal fissures and  hemorrhoids.  Early
studies showed that these formulations are stable and will be suitable for human
clinical testing.

     Our overall  research  efforts in nitric oxide  pharmacology  have expanded
subsequent to the November 2001 acquisition of Vaxis.  Based on research efforts
at Queen's University at Kingston, we better understand the role of nitric oxide
as a signaling molecule in modulating vascular smooth muscle relaxation, perhaps
by down-regulating  endothelin  expression.  The significance of this finding is
that nitric oxide is capable of reducing  vascular tone at a concentration  much
lower than needed for a direct  vaso-dilatation  effect,  especially  in tissues
under an abnormally

                                       4
<PAGE>


vaso-constrictive state. This discovery presents various potential approaches to
treat  conditions  caused  by  vaso-constriction,  such as  peripheral  vascular
insufficiency  found  in  Raynaud's  disease,  male  erectile  dysfunction,  and
selected  aspects of female sexual  dysfunction.  We plan to verify and validate
selected  potential  therapeutic  indications  via in vivo animal testing and in
pilot human studies.

     We are also  investigating  the role of nitric oxide in  modulating  cancer
cell metastasis  induced by hypoxia (low oxygen) and in attenuating  pain due to
nociceptor  activation.  Results  published  in the Journal of  National  Cancer
Institute  in December  2001 showed that the  administration  of nitric oxide to
hypoxic cancer cells led to reversal of the metastatic  phenotype.  Furthermore,
nitric oxide can also reverse the development of hypoxia-induced drug resistance
cancer phenotype to  chemotherapeutic  agents.  Follow-up  experiments since the
publication  further support the original  findings.  We will continue to expand
upon these  original  findings with relevant in vitro and in vivo models through
the  research  efforts at the  Queen's  University  and to further  explore  the
ability of nitric oxide to interfere with other nociceptive signaling pathway.

     In the  area  of  inflammation,  our  scientists  discovered  a  family  of
compounds called CELLEDIRM (Cellegy's Dermal Inflammatory  Response Modulators).
CELLEDIRM is a group of compounds that have demonstrated in pre-clinical testing
a reduction of the inflammation associated with the topical application of drugs
and  other  active  substances.   Our  in-house  efforts  have  also  identified
anti-inflammatory compounds for the treatment of gastrointestinal and urogenital
inflammatory  disorders.  Based on the safety and in vitro profiling of screened
compounds,  one  compound was selected for further in vivo testing in a relevant
model. Preliminary results using an experimental vehicle showed positive effects
with  the  lead   candidate   and  we  are   planning   to  conduct   additional
proof-of-concept studies.

     In March  1994,  Cellegy  entered  into an  exclusive,  worldwide,  royalty
bearing license  agreement with the University of California (the  "University")
for patent  rights,  jointly held by the  University  and  Cellegy,  relating to
certain  drug  delivery  technologies.  Cellegy  agreed to pay a  licensing  and
maintenance fee each year until Cellegy is commercially  selling a product using
the licensed  technology.  We are currently in discussion with the University to
terminate, on mutually acceptable terms, the license agreement for patent rights
relating to drug delivery technologies.

     Cellegy's  research and  development  expenses  were  $14,098,000  in 2001,
$9,574,000 in 2000,  and $7,965,000 in 2001,  2000 and 1999.  See  "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

Patents and Trade Secrets

     Cellegy has 19 issued United States  patents,  more than 70 issued  foreign
patents,  and over 70 pending  patent  applications.  Two issued  United  States
patents, 22 issued foreign patents, and more than 10 pending patent applications
relate to Cellegy's  Cellegesic product for the treatment of anal fissures.  One
issued United States patent,  and 16 pending patent  applications  relate to our
Tostrex and Tostrelle  products.  Four pending United States patent applications
and 21 foreign patent  applications  relate to possible backup compounds for our
Cellegesic  product.  In addition,  as part of Cellegy's  acquisition  of Vaxis,
Cellegy  gained  rights to 3 issued  United  States  patents,  2 issued  foreign
patents,  and  more  than 25  pending  patent  applications.  Additional  patent
applications  are being  prepared for filing that will cover methods or products
currently  under  development.  Corresponding  patent  applications  for most of
Cellegy's  issued  United  States  patents  have  been  filed  in  countries  of
importance to us located in major world markets,  including certain countries in
Europe, Australia, South Korea, Japan, Mexico and Canada.

     Our policy is to protect our  technology  by,  among other  things,  filing
patent applications for technology that we consider important to the development
of our  business.  We  intend  to  file  additional  patent  applications,  when
appropriate,  relating to our technology,  improvements to our technology and to
specific products that we develop. It is impossible to anticipate the breadth or
degree of  protection  that any such  patents  will  afford,  or  whether we can
meaningfully  protect our rights to our unpatented  trade secrets.  Cellegy also
relies upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how, and no assurance can be given
that  competitors  will  not  independently  develop  substantially   equivalent
proprietary  information and  techniques,  or otherwise gain access to our trade
secrets or disclose such  technology,  or that we can  meaningfully  protect our
rights  to our  unpatented  trade  secrets.  It is our  policy  to  require  our
employees to execute an invention assignment and confidentiality  agreement upon
employment.  Our consultants are required to execute a confidentiality agreement
upon the  commencement of their  consultancy.  Each agreement  provides that all
confidential  information  developed or made known to the employee or consultant
during the course of employment or consultancy will be kept confidential and not
disclosed  to third  parties  except in specific  circumstances.  The  invention
assignment  generally  provides  that all  inventions  conceived by the employee
shall be the  exclusive  property of Cellegy.  In addition,  it is our policy to
require collaborators and potential  collaborators to enter into confidentiality
agreements.  There can be no  assurance,  however,  that these  agreements  will
provide meaningful protection of our trade secrets.

     Our success  depends,  in part, on our ability to obtain patent  protection
for our products and methods,  both in the United States and in other countries.
The patent  position of  companies  engaged in  businesses  such as our business
generally is uncertain and involves complex legal and factual  questions.  There
is a substantial  backlog of patent

                                       5
<PAGE>

applications at the United States Patent and Trademark Office ("USPTO"). Patents
in the United States are issued to the party that is first to invent the claimed
invention.  Since patent  applications  in the United  States  currently  can be
maintained in secrecy until patents issue, we cannot be certain that Cellegy was
the first inventor of the invention  covered by our pending patent  applications
or  patents  or that we were the  first  to file  patent  applications  for such
inventions.  Further,  issued  patents  can later be held  invalid by the patent
office or by a court.  There can be no  assurance  that any patent  applications
relating to our products or methods will issue as patents,  or, if issued,  that
the patents will not be challenged,  invalidated,  or  circumvented  or that the
rights granted thereunder will provide a competitive advantage to us.

     In  addition,  many other  entities  are  engaged in  research  and product
development  efforts in fields that may overlap with our  currently  anticipated
and future  products.  A substantial  number of patents have been issued to such
companies,  and such companies may have filed applications for, or may have been
issued patents or may obtain additional  patents and proprietary rights relating
to, products or processes  competitive with those of Cellegy.  Such entities may
currently  have,  or may  obtain in the  future,  legally  blocking  proprietary
rights,  including  patent  rights,  in one or more  products  or methods  under
development  or   consideration   by  us.  These  rights  may  prevent  us  from
commercializing  technology,  or may  require  us to obtain a  license  from the
entity  to  practice  the  technology.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  the
manufacture,  use or sale of any of our  product  candidates  will not  infringe
patent  rights  of  others.  There can be no  assurance  that we will be able to
obtain any such licenses that may be required on commercially  reasonable terms,
if at all, or that the patents  underlying  any such  licenses  will be valid or
enforceable.

     Moreover, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect intellectual
property rights relating to United States patents as extensively as those rights
are protected in the United States. The issuance of a patent in one country does
not assure the issuance of a patent with similar claims in another country,  and
claim  interpretation and infringement laws vary among countries,  so the extent
of any patent  protection is uncertain and may vary in different  countries.  As
with other companies in the pharmaceutical  industry, we are subject to the risk
that persons located in other countries will engage in development, marketing or
sales  activities  of products  that would  infringe  our patent  rights if such
activities were in the United States.

     Several of Cellegy's products and product  candidates,  such as Cellegesic,
Tostrex and Tostrelle are based on existing  molecules  with a history of use in
humans but which are being developed by us for new therapeutic  uses or in novel
delivery systems which enhance therapeutic utility. We cannot obtain composition
patent  claims on the  compounds  themselves,  and will  instead need to rely on
patent  claims,  if  any,  directed  to use of the  compound  to  treat  certain
conditions or to specific formulations.  This is the case, for example, with our
United States  patents  relating to Cellegesic and Tostrex.  Such  method-of-use
patents may provide less protection than a composition-of-matter patent, because
of the  possibility of "off-label"  use of the  composition.  Cellegy may not be
able to prevent a competitor from using a different  formulation or compound for
a different purpose.  No assurance can be given that any additional patents will
be issued to us, that the  protection  of any patents  that may be issued in the
future will be significant, or that current or future patents will be held valid
if subsequently challenged.


Product Acquisitions

     On November 27, 2001,  Cellegy acquired Vaxis Therapeutics  Corporation,  a
private  Canadian  company.  Vaxis,  subsequently  renamed Cellegy Canada,  is a
wholly-owned  research and development  subsidiary with  pre-eminent  scientists
focusing in the areas of sexual  dysfunction,  peripheral vascular disorders and
nitric oxide  pharmacology.  This research is in line with our goal of expanding
our pipeline of products and protecting our patents.  The purchase price of $4.1
million  consisted  of 533,612  shares of our common stock and $142,000 in cash.
There are potential future earn-out  considerations  payable by Cellegy in stock
or cash tied to revenues generated by Vaxis technologies.

                                       6

<PAGE>

     In June 2000, Cellegy acquired Quay Pharmaceuticals,  an Australian company
marketing  Rectogesic,  a nitroglycerin  ointment product similar to Cellegesic.
The  acquisition  cost totaled  $1,835,000,  consisting of 169,224 shares with a
value of  $977,000,  171,146  warrants to purchase  common stock with a value of
$489,000,  and cash payments of $369,000.  Cellegy will continue to  self-market
Rectogesic in Australia through its wholly-owned  Cellegy  Australia  subsidiary
and plans to sell Rectogesic  through  distributors in the Pacific Rim countries
and potentially other countries around the world.

     In December 1997, Cellegy acquired patent and related intellectual property
rights relating to Cellegesic,  a topical product candidate for the treatment of
anal fissures and  hemorrhoids,  from Neptune  Pharmaceuticals.  Pursuant to the
purchase agreement, we issued 462,809 shares of common stock to Neptune in 1997.
The agreement  calls for a series of additional  payments,  payable in shares of
common stock, upon successful  completion of various milestones tied to clinical
trial  results and  commercialization  of  Cellegesic  in  domestic  and foreign
markets.  Two research  milestones  were achieved  during 2001  resulting in the
issuance  of  104,113  Cellegy  shares  for a total  value of  $750,000.  Future
potential  milestones,  payable in Cellegy  common  stock,  could  result in the
issuance of up to an additional  1,283,887  shares of Cellegy common stock worth
up to  approximately  $9,750,000, based on the closing price of Cellegy stock at
the time of issuance.  The agreement does not provide for the payment by Cellegy
of any  future  product  royalties  to  Neptune in  connection  with  Cellegesic
revenues.

Government Regulation

     FDA  Requirements for Human Drugs.  The research,  testing,  manufacturing,
labeling, distribution, and marketing of drug products are extensively regulated
by numerous  governmental  authorities in the United States and other countries.
In the United States,  drugs are subject to rigorous FDA  regulation.  The Food,
Drug  and  Cosmetic  Act  (the  "FD&C  Act")  and  the  regulations  promulgated
thereunder,  and other federal and state regulations govern, among other things,
the research, development, testing, manufacture,  distribution,  storage, record
keeping,  labeling,  advertising,  promotion  and  marketing  of  pharmaceutical
products.   The  process  of  developing  and  obtaining   approval  for  a  new
pharmaceutical  product within this  regulatory  framework  requires a number of
years and the  expenditure of substantial  resources.  There can be no assurance
that  necessary  approvals  will  be  obtained  on a  timely  basis,  if at all.
Moreover,  additional  government  regulations  may be  established  that  could
prevent  or delay  regulatory  approval  of our  products.  Delays in  obtaining
regulatory  approvals could have a material  adverse effect on us. If we fail to
comply with applicable  regulatory  requirements  for marketing drugs, or if our
cosmeceutical products are deemed to be drugs by the FDA, we could be subject to
administrative or judicially  imposed sanctions such as warning letters,  fines,
products  recalls or seizures,  injunctions  against  production,  distribution,
sales, or marketing, delays in obtaining marketing authorizations or the refusal
of the  government  to grant such  approvals,  suspensions  and  withdrawals  of
previously  granted  approvals,  civil  penalties  and criminal  prosecution  of
Cellegy, our officers or our employees.

     The steps ordinarily  required before a new  pharmaceutical  product may be
marketed in the United States include: (i) preclinical  laboratory tests, animal
studies  and  formulation  studies;  (ii)  the  submission  to  the  FDA  of  an
Investigational New Drug Application ("IND"), which must become effective before
clinical  testing may  commence;  (iii)  adequate and  well-controlled  clinical
trials to  establish  the safety and  efficacy of the  product for its  proposed
indication;  (iv) the submission of a New Drug  Application  ("NDA") to the FDA;
and (v) FDA  review  and  approval  of the NDA prior to any  commercial  sale or
shipment of the drug.  Compounds must be produced according to the FDA's current
Good Manufacturing Practice ("GMP") requirements,  and preclinical tests must be
conducted in compliance with the FDA's Good Laboratory Practice regulations. The
results of  preclinical  testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. The
FDA may, at any time,  impose a clinical hold on ongoing clinical trials. If the
FDA imposes a clinical  hold,  clinical  trials may not  commence or  recommence
without FDA  authorization  and then only under terms  authorized by the FDA. In
some instances,  the IND application process can result in substantial delay and
expense.

     Clinical trials involve the administration of the  investigational  product
to  healthy  volunteers  or  patients  under  the  supervision  of  a  qualified
investigator.  Clinical trials to support NDAs are typically  conducted in three
sequential phases,  which may overlap.  In Phase I, the initial  introduction of
the drug into healthy human  subjects or patients,  the drug generally is tested
to assess  metabolism,  pharmacokinetics,  pharmacological  action  and  safety,
including side effects  associated with increasing  doses,  and if possible,  to
gain early evidence on  effectiveness.  Phase II usually  involves  studies in a
limited  patient  population  to (i)  determine  the  efficacy of the drug for a
specific  indication,  (ii)  determine  dosage  tolerance and optimal dosage and
(iii)  identify  possible  short-term  adverse  effects and safety  risks.  If a
compound is found to be effective  and to have an acceptable  safety  profile in
Phase II

                                        7

<PAGE>

evaluations,  Phase III  trials are  undertaken  to  further  evaluate  clinical
efficacy and to further test for safety within an expanded patient population at
geographically  dispersed clinical study sites. A clinical trial may combine the
elements of more than one phase, and typically two or more Phase III studies are
required.  There can be no assurance that Phase I, Phase II or Phase III testing
will be completed within any specific time period, if at all.

     Cellegy's  prescription  products,  and our ongoing  research  and clinical
activities  such as those  relating to  Cellegesic,  Tostrex,  and Tostrelle are
subject to extensive  regulation by governmental  regulatory  authorities in the
United States and other countries.  Extensive current  pre-clinical and clinical
testing  requirements  and the  regulatory  approval  process  of the FDA in the
United  States and of certain  foreign  regulatory  authorities,  or  additional
future  government  regulations,  could prevent or delay regulatory  approval of
Cellegy's  products.  Disagreements with one or more regulatory  authorities may
occur in the future,  and one or more of our ongoing or planned  clinical trials
could be delayed or repeated in order to satisfy regulatory requirements.  Sales
of  Cellegy's  products  outside  the United  States are  subject to  regulatory
requirements   governing   clinical   trials  and  marketing   approval.   These
requirements vary widely from country to country and could delay introduction of
Cellegy's products in those countries.

     Our clinical  trial results are very  difficult to predict in advance,  and
failure of one or more clinical trials could  adversely  affect our business and
our stock price. Before we obtain regulatory approval for the commercial sale of
most potential drug products,  we must demonstrate through  pre-clinical studies
and  clinical  trials  that the product is safe and  efficacious  for use in the
clinical  indication for which approval is sought. We cannot assure you that the
FDA or other  international  regulatory  authorities will permit us to undertake
any future  clinical  trials for  potential  products or to continue  any of the
current clinical trials. To date, except for our NDA relating to Cellegesic,  we
have not sought FDA approval to distribute  any products.  Moreover,  results of
pre-clinical  studies and early  clinical  trials may not be good  predictors of
results that will be obtained in later-stage  clinical trials.  We cannot assure
you that  Cellegy's  present or future  clinical  trials  will  demonstrate  the
results  required  for approval to market  these  potential  products or even to
continue with additional  clinical  development.  Because of the independent and
blind nature of certain human clinical  testing,  there will be extended periods
during  the  testing  process  when we will  have only  limited  or no access to
information  about the  status or results  of the  tests.  Other  pharmaceutical
companies have believed that their products  performed well in early tests, only
to find that later tests,  including Phase III clinical trials,  were inadequate
or  unsatisfactory,  or that FDA Advisory  Committees have declined to recommend
approval of the drugs, or that the FDA itself refused approval,  with the result
that such companies' stock prices have fallen  precipitously.  If the FDA delays
approval  of, or fails to  approve,  our NDA for  Cellegesic  or planned NDA for
Tostrex, our price would be materially and adversely affected.

     New Drug  Applications.  After completion of the required clinical testing,
generally an NDA is submitted.  FDA approval of the NDA (as described  below) is
required before  marketing may begin in the United States.  The NDA must include
the results of extensive  clinical and other testing and the compilation of data
relating to the product's chemistry,  pharmacology and manufacture,  the cost of
all of which is substantial.  The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted and may request
more  information  before it accepts  the  filing.  The review  process is often
extended   significantly   by  FDA  requests  for   additional   information  or
clarification.  The FDA may refer the  application to the  appropriate  advisory
committee,  typically  a panel  of  clinicians,  for  review,  evaluation  and a
recommendation as to whether the application should be approved.  The FDA is not
bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee. During the review process,
the FDA generally will conduct an inspection of the relevant drug  manufacturing
facilities  and clinical  sites to ensure that the  facilities are in compliance
with  applicable  Good  Manufacturing  Practices  (GMP)  requirements.   If  FDA
evaluations of the NDA application, manufacturing facilities, and clinical sites
are favorable, the FDA may issue either an approvable letter or a not approvable
letter,  which  contains  a number  of  conditions  that must be met in order to
secure  approval of the NDA. When and if those  conditions  have been met to the
FDA's  satisfaction,  the FDA  will  issue  an  approvable  letter,  authorizing
commercial marketing of the drug for certain specific indications.  If the FDA's
evaluation of the NDA submission or  manufacturing  facilities is not favorable,
the  FDA may  refuse  to  approve  the NDA or  issue  a not  approvable  letter,
outlining the  deficiencies  in the  submission and often  requiring  additional
testing  or  information.   Notwithstanding  the  submission  of  any  requested
additional  data or  information  in response to an approvable or not approvable
letter,  the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the
regulatory criteria for approval.  Even if FDA approval is obtained,  a marketed
drug  product  and  its   manufacturer  are  subject  to  continual  review  and
inspection,  and later discovery of previously unknown problems with the product
or  manufacturer  may result in  restrictions  or  sanctions  on such product or
manufacturer, including withdrawal of the product from the market.

                                       8

<PAGE>

     Manufacturing. Each domestic drug manufacturing facility must be registered
with the FDA.  Domestic  drug and, to a lesser  extent,  cosmetic  manufacturing
establishments are subject to routine inspection by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities  and must comply with GMP  requirements  (albeit less extensive ones
for cosmetics  than for drugs),  and any  applicable  state or local  regulatory
requirements.   We  intend  to  use  contract   manufacturers  that  operate  in
conformance  with these  requirements  to produce  our  compounds  and  finished
products in commercial quantities.  There can be no assurance that manufacturing
or quality control  problems will not arise at the  manufacturing  plants of our
contract  manufacturers or that such  manufacturers will be able to maintain the
compliance with the FDA's GMP requirements  necessary to continue  manufacturing
our products.

     Foreign Regulation of Drugs. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained,
approval of a product by comparable  regulatory  authorities may be necessary in
foreign  countries  before the  commencement of marketing of the product in such
countries.  The approval procedures vary among countries, can involve additional
testing,  and the time  required may differ from that required for FDA approval.
Although  there are some  procedures  for unified  filings for certain  European
countries, in general each country has its own procedures and requirements, many
of which are time consuming and expensive. Thus, there can be substantial delays
in  obtaining  required  approvals  from  both  the FDA and  foreign  regulatory
authorities  after  the  relevant  applications  are  filed.  We  expect to rely
principally   on   corporate   partners,   licensees   and   contract   research
organizations,  along with our  expertise,  to obtain  governmental  approval in
foreign countries of drug formulations utilizing our compounds.

     Other  Government  Regulation.  In addition to regulations  enforced by the
FDA,  Cellegy is also subject to regulation  under the  Occupational  Safety and
Health Act, the Environmental  Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act,
the Resource  Conservation  and Recovery Act and other similar federal and state
laws regarding, among other things, occupational safety, the use and handling of
radioisotopes,   environmental   protection  and  hazardous  substance  control.
Although we believe that we have complied with these laws and regulations in all
material  respects and have not been  required to take any action to correct any
noncompliance,  there can be no  assurance  that Cellegy will not be required to
incur  significant  costs to comply  with  environmental  and  health and safety
regulations in the future. Our research and development  involves the controlled
use of  hazardous  materials,  chemicals,  and  various  radioactive  compounds.
Although we believe that our safety  procedures  for  handling and  disposing of
such  materials  comply  with the  standards  prescribed  by state  and  federal
regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials
cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of such an accident, Cellegy could
be held liable for any damages that result and any such  liability  could exceed
our resources.

     Health Care  Reform.  In the United  States,  there have been,  and Cellegy
expects  there will  continue to be, a number of federal and state  proposals to
implement  cost  controls  and other  health care  regulatory  measures.  Future
legislation  could  result in a  substantial  restructuring  of the health  care
delivery  system.  While we cannot predict whether any legislative or regulatory
proposals will be adopted or the effect such proposals may have on our business,
the uncertainty of such proposals could have a negative effect on our ability to
raise capital and to identify and reach agreements with potential partners,  and
the adoption of such proposals could have an adverse effect on Cellegy.  In both
domestic and foreign markets,  sales of our therapeutic  products,  if any, will
depend in part on the  availability of reimbursement  from  third-party  payors.
Third-party  payors and others  increasingly  are challenging the prices charged
for medical  products and services.  There can be no assurance that our products
will be considered cost effective or that  reimbursement  will be available.  We
cannot predict the outcome of any government or industry  reform  initiatives or
the impact thereof on our financial position or results of operations.

Competition

     The  pharmaceutical  and  cosmeceutical  industries  are  characterized  by
extensive research efforts and rapid and significant  technological  changes. In
the development and marketing of topical  prescription drugs,  cosmeceutical and
skin  care  products,   and  drug  delivery   systems,   Cellegy  faces  intense
competition. Cellegy is much smaller in terms of size and resources than many of
its  competitors in the United States and abroad,  which include,  among others,
major pharmaceutical,  cosmetic,  chemical,  consumer product, and biotechnology
companies,  specialized  firms,  universities  and other research  institutions.
Cellegy's  competitors may succeed in developing  technologies and products that
are safer,  more effective or less costly than any which are being  developed by
us that  would  render  our  technology  and  potential  products  obsolete  and
noncompetitive.  Many of these competitors have substantially  greater financial
and technical  resources,  clinical  production and marketing  capabilities  and
regulatory  experience than us. In addition,  Cellegy's  products are subject to
competition from existing products.  For example,  Cellegy's Tostrex product, if
commercialized,  is expected to compete with two currently marketed  transdermal
patch  products sold by Johnson and Johnson and Watson  Pharmaceuticals  and one
transdermal  testosterone  gel  product  marketed  by

                                       9

<PAGE>

Unimed/Solvay.  Cellegy's Cellegesic product, if commercialized,  is expected to
compete  with  over-the-counter  products,  such as  Preparation  H marketed  by
American Home Products, and various other prescription products. As a result, we
cannot assure you that  Cellegy's  products  under  development  will be able to
compete  successfully  with  existing  products  or  innovative  products  under
development by other organizations.

     Therapies for sexual  dysfunction and women's health  products  represent a
very large market opportunity, especially as the overall population continues to
age. As the size of the market  continues to grow, the competition  will expand.
The approval and marketing of competitive products and other products that treat
the indications targeted by Cellegy could adversely affect the market acceptance
of Cellegy's products.  The presence of directly competitive products could also
result in more intense price competition than might otherwise exist, which could
have a material adverse effect on Cellegy.  Cellegy is aware of, at least, three
other  companies  developing  testosterone  replacement  products  for women and
believes that  competition will be intense for all of its female and male sexual
dysfunction product candidates.

Employees

     As of February 28, 2002, we had 34 full-time  and two part-time  employees.
Twenty-one of these  employees,  of whom 2 are M.D.'s and another 8 are Ph.D.'s,
are engaged in research and development. In addition, we utilize the services of
several professional consultants, as well as contract manufacturing and research
organizations  to  supplement  our  internal  staff's  activities.  None  of our
employees  are  represented  by a  labor  union.  We  have  experienced  no work
stoppages and we believe that our employee relations are good.



ITEM 2:       PROPERTIES

     Cellegy  currently  leases 65,340 square feet of space located in South San
Francisco,  California.  Approximately  33,154  square  feet  of this  space  is
currently available for sublease.  This space was previously  subleased over the
last two years.  Total rental  income from rent payments to Cellegy was $897,000
in 2001.  We expect to  receive  substantially  less  rental  income in 2002 and
beyond  resulting from the expiration of prior  subleases and excess capacity in
the office rental market. We believe our current facilities will be adequate for
our needs for expansion for at least the next five years.



ITEM 3:       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Cellegy is not a party to any material legal proceedings.



ITEM 4:       SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were submitted to a vote of our  shareholders  during the fourth
quarter of the year ended December 31, 2001.

ITEM 4A:      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT



                                   MANAGEMENT

The executive officers of  Cellegy are as follows:

      Name                       Age    Position
      ----                       ---    --------

      K. Michael Forrest         58     Chairman, President, Chief Executive
                                          Officer and Director
      Daniel L. Azarnoff, M.D.   75     Senior Vice President, Clinical and
                                          Regulatory Affairs


                                       10
<PAGE>


      John J. Chandler           60     Vice President, Corporate Development
      A. Richard Juelis          53     Vice President, Finance and Chief
                                          Financial Officer


K.  Michael  Forrest.  Mr.  Forrest  became  Chairman  in May  2000 and has been
President,  CEO,  and a director  since  December  1996.  From  January  1996 to
November 1996, he served as a  biotechnology  consultant.  From November 1994 to
December  1995,  he served as President and CEO of Mercator  Genetics,  a public
biotechnology  company. From March 1991 to June 1994, he served as President and
CEO of Transkaryotic Therapies,  Inc., a public biotechnology company. From 1968
to 1991,  Mr.  Forrest held a series of positions  with Pfizer,  Inc. and senior
management positions with American Cyanamid, including Vice President of Lederle
U.S.  and Lederle  International.  He is a director of INEX  Pharmaceuticals,  a
public company developing anti-cancer products.

     Daniel L. Azarnoff,  M.D. Dr.  Azarnoff  joined Cellegy as Vice  President,
Clinical and Regulatory Affairs in October 1997. He became Senior Vice President
in July 1999, and in February of 2001 was given the additional responsibility of
Medical  Director.  Since January 1986, Dr.  Azarnoff has been President of D.L.
Azarnoff  Associates and will continue consulting to the industry on a part-time
basis. From August 1978 to December 1985, he served as President of Research and
Development  at G.D.  Searle and Co. From July 1967 to August 1978,  he was KUMC
Distinguished Professor of Medicine and Pharmacology, as well as the Director of
the Clinical  Pharmacology-Toxicology Center at the University of Kansas Medical
Center.  Dr.  Azarnoff  has also  served  as a member  of  advisory  and  expert
committees within the Food and Drug  Administration,  World Health Organization,
American  Medical  Association,   National  Academy  of  Sciences  and  National
Institutes of Health.  Dr.  Azarnoff is a member of The Institute of Medicine of
the National  Academy of Sciences.  He received his M.D. from the  University of
Kansas  Medical  School.  Dr.  Azarnoff was a director of Cibus  Pharmaceutical,
Oread and Entropin  Inc.,  through  1998,  and is currently  director of Western
Center Clinical Trials.

     John J. Chandler. Mr. Chandler became Vice President, Corporate Development
in May 1998.  From  January  1995 to March  1998,  he served as Vice  President,
Europe for the Medical Device  Division of American Home Products.  During 1994,
he was Area Director, Europe/Latin America for American Home Products. From 1968
to 1993, he held a series of management  and senior  management  positions  with
American Cyanamid Company.  Mr. Chandler holds an M.B.A. in Marketing from Seton
Hall  University  and a B.S.  in  Biology  from the  Queens  College of the City
University of New York.

     A. Richard  Juelis.  Mr.  Juelis became Vice  President,  Finance and Chief
Financial  Officer in November  1994.  From January  1993 to  September  1994 he
served as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer for VIVUS, Inc., a
publicly  traded drug delivery  company.  From October 1990 to December 1992, he
served  as  Vice  President,   Finance  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  at  XOMA
Corporation,  a public biotechnology  company. Mr. Juelis has also held domestic
and  international  financial and general  management  positions for seven years
each with  Hoffmann-LaRoche  and  Schering-Plough.  He holds a B.S. in Chemistry
from Fordham University and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.

                                       11

<PAGE>


                                     PART II

ITEM 5:           MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
                  STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Price Range of Common Stock

     Cellegy's  common stock  currently  trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market under
the  symbol  "CLGY."  The  following  table sets forth the range of high and low
sales prices for the common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market for the
periods indicated below.

        2001                                               High        Low
        ----                                               ----        ----
        First Quarter............................        $ 7.37        4.31
        Second Quarter...........................          7.75        4.20
        Third Quarter............................          7.08        5.01
        Fourth Quarter...........................          9.15        6.36

        2000
        ----
        First Quarter............................        $ 9.97      $ 3.25
        Second Quarter...........................          8.25        4.69
        Third Quarter............................          9.43        7.00
        Fourth Quarter...........................          8.00        4.38


Holders

     As of March 5, 2002,  there were  approximately  175 shareholders of record
excluding beneficial holders of stock held in street name.

Dividend Policy

     We have never paid cash or declared  dividends on our common  stock.  We do
not anticipate that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future.

                                       12


<PAGE>


ITEM 6:           SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following selected historical information has been derived from audited
financial  statements of Cellegy.  The financial  information as of December 31,
2001 and 2000 and for each of the three  years in the period  ended  December 31
are derived from audited financial statements. The financial statements, related
notes thereto, and the section entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial  Condition and Results of Operations"  included elsewhere in this Form
10-K should read  carefully.  The  selected  data is not intended to replace the
financial statements.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


        ($000's)                                            Years ended December 31,
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           2001          2000         1999         1998        1997
                                           ----          ----         ----         ----        ----
<S>                                          <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>
Statement of Operations Data:

Revenues ............................   $    877       $  1,586    $  1,045    $    832    $    828

Costs and expenses ..................     21,847(1)      13,573      10,847       9,266       9,238
                                        ---------      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

Loss from operations ................    (20,970)       (11,987)     (9,802)     (8,434)     (8,410)


Interest income (expense) and other,
     net ............................      1,532            569         501       1,068         556
                                        ---------      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

Net loss ............................    (19,467)       (11,418)     (9,301)     (7,366)     (7,854)

Non-cash preferred dividends ........         --             --          --          --          35
                                        ---------      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

Net loss applicable to common
    shareholders ....................   $(19,467)      $(11,418)   $ (9,301)   $ (7,366)   $ (7,889)
                                        =========      =========   =========   =========   =========

Basic and diluted net loss per common
    shareholder .....................   $  (1.26)      $  (0.91)   $  (0.85)   $ (0.73))   $  (1.18)
                                        =========      =========   =========   =========   =========

Weighted average common shares
outstanding .........................     15,503         12,542      10,914      10,160       6,670

<FN>
(1) During the year ended December 31, 2001, we recorded  one-time, non-cash charges of $3,507,134 for in-process
research and development associated with the Vaxis acquisition and $750,000 in non-cash charges for research and
development expenses associated with milestone payments to Neptune Pharmaceuticals.
</FN>
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                       December 31,
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 2001         2000          1999         1998          1997
                                                 ----         ----          ----         ----          ----
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and investments.....   $17,190(2)    $15,923(2)    $16,737       $15,220       $21,726

Total assets...............................    22,367        21,259        20,913        19,484        22,751

Deficit accumulated during the
  development stage........................   (70,377)      (50,912)      (39,494)      (30,192)      (22,826)

Total shareholders' equity ................   $19,845        18,794        15,839        14,218        21,354


<FN>
(2) Includes restricted cash of $614,000.
</FN>
</TABLE>


ITEM 7:           MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION  AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION
                  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes  forward-looking  statements  that
involve substantial risks and uncertainties.  These  forward-looking  statements
are not historical  facts, but rather based on current  expectations,  estimates
and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions.  Words such
as "believes,"  "anticipates,"  "expects," "intends" and similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means
of identifying such statements. These forward-looking statements are not

                                       13

<PAGE>

guarantees  of future  performance  and concern  matters that involve  risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in
the  forward-looking  statements.  These risks and  uncertainties  include those
described in "Factors That May Affect Future Operating Results" and elsewhere in
this Annual  Report.  Except as required by law, we undertake no  obligation  to
revise  any   forward-looking   statements   in  order  to  reflect   events  or
circumstances that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Actual events
or results may differ materially from those discussed in this Annual Report.

     Cellegy  Pharmaceuticals,   Inc.,  a  specialty  biopharmaceutical  company
incorporated   in  California  in  1989,  is  engaged  in  the   development  of
prescription   drugs  and  skin  care  products.   We  are  developing   several
prescription drugs, including Cellegesic, a nitroglycerin-based  product for the
treatment of anal fissures and hemorrhoids and two transdermal  testosterone gel
products,  Tostrex,  for the treatment of male  hypogonadism,  a condition  that
afflics certain men,  generally above the age of forty,  and Tostrelle,  for the
treatment of sexual dysfunction in menopausal women.

General

     In December  1997, we completed an asset  purchase  agreement  with Neptune
Pharmaceuticals  to  acquire  patent  and  other  intellectual  property  rights
relating to  Cellegesic.  Cellegesic  expenses have been a  significant  part of
Cellegy's  spending  since the  acquisition  and are  expected to continue to be
significant  during the  remainder  of 2002 as a result of two Phase II clinical
trials for the  treatment of  hemorrhoids.  We will incur  significant  expenses
associated with pre-launch activities and on the on-going marketing and sales of
Cellegesic, if approved.

     In September  1998,  we began  initial  shipments  and product sales of C79
Intensive Moisturizing  formulation to Gryphon Development Inc., ("Gryphon") the
product development arm of a major specialty  retailer.  C79 is a key ingredient
in a line of healing hand creams sold at most of the specialty retailer's stores
in the United States.

     In June 2000,  we acquired  all of the assets of Quay  Pharmaceuticals,  an
Australian  pharmaceutical  company  producing  Rectogesic,  a drug  similar  to
Cellegesic.  The acquired assets consisted of Quay's  inventory,  other tangible
assets,  and purchased  technology.  The purchase  price of $1,835,000  included
169,224  shares of our  common  stock  paid to Quay with an  estimated  value of
$977,000,  warrants to purchase 171,146 shares of common stock with an estimated
value of  $489,000,  and cash  payments  of  $369,000.  The  purchase  price was
allocated to net tangible assets of $97,000,  purchased  technology of $770,000,
and goodwill of $968,000 based on their estimated fair values on the acquisition
date.  Purchased  technology and goodwill have been amortized over three and ten
years,  respectively.  We evaluated  this  acquisition  under the new accounting
pronouncements  (discussed below), Statement 141 and 142. Under the new guidance
effective  January 1, 2002,  goodwill  will no longer be  amortized  and will be
evaluated for impairment.

     In June 2001, we completed a private placement of approximately 2.7 million
shares of our common stock,  resulting in  approximately  $15.4 million of gross
proceeds  to  Cellegy.   Participants  included  current  investors  Baker/Tisch
Investments and GMT Capital, as well as, five new investors.

     In August  2001,  Cellegy and Ventiv  Integrated  Solutions,  a division of
Ventiv Health, Inc., signed a six year agreement to commercialize Cellegy's lead
product,  Cellegesic,  in the United  States.  Ventiv  will  deliver  integrated
marketing and sales solutions,  will provide pre-launch support and will recruit
and train a sales force that will be jointly managed by both  companies.  Ventiv
will loan Cellegy up to $10 million,  the amount and timing depending on various
circumstances,  for expenses associated with the commercialization of Cellegesic
under  a  funding  agreement.  Ventiv  will  also  receive  a share  of  product
profitability through a multi-year royalty stream toward the end of the six-year
agreement period.

     In November  2001,  we acquired a private  Canadian  based  company,  Vaxis
Therapeutics,  valued at $4.1  million.  The purchase  was payable  primarily in
shares of Cellegy stock. The purchase price was allocated to net tangible assets
of $250,000,  intangible assets of $350,000 and $3,507,000 million of in-process
research and  development.  The intangibles of $350,000 are being amortized over
five years and the in-process  research and development has been expensed in the
fourth  quarter  of 2001.  The  acquired  technology  was in an  early  stage of
development such that, as of the acquisition date, technological feasibility had
not  been  reached  and no  alternative  use  exists.  The  assumptions  used in
determining the purchase price allocation were based on an appropriate  discount
rate applied to expected  cash flows.  The  intangible  assets will be amortized
over 5 years.

                                       14
<PAGE>
     The purchase  agreement  contains earn-out  provisions for seven years that
are based on  commercial  sales of any products  developed  by Cellegy  based on
technologies  acquired  from Vaxis.  Any  contingent  consideration  paid in the
future will be accounted for as acquired  in-process  research and  development.
The results of  operations  of the acquired  company  have been  included in the
company's   consolidated   financial  statements  since  the  acquisition  date.
Accumulated   amortization  at  December  31,  2001  is  $6,000.   The  expected
amortization  expense for the next five years will be approximately  $68,800 per
year.

Critical Accounting Policies

     Use of Estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial statements,  in
conformity with accounting  principles  generally accepted in the United States,
requires  management to make estimates and  assumptions  that affect the amounts
reported in the financial  statements  and  accompanying  notes.  Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

     Revenue  Recognition.  Revenues  related to cost  reimbursement  provisions
under  development  contracts are  recognized as the costs  associated  with the
projects as these costs are incurred.  Revenues related to milestones  specified
under  development  contracts  are  recognized as the  milestones  are achieved.
Cellegy has received  certain United States  government  grants that support our
research effort in defined research projects. These grants generally provide for
reimbursement  of approved  costs  incurred  as defined in the  various  grants.
Revenues  associated  with these grants are recognized as costs under each grant
as these costs are incurred.  Revenues  related to product sales are  recognized
upon  shipment  when title to the goods has been  transferred  to the  customer.
There is no right of return for our Rectogesic and skin care product sales.

     Clinical  Trial  Expenses.  Clinical trial expenses are payable to clinical
sites and clinical research organizations. Expenses for both of these groups are
accrued  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  contracted  period  subject  to
adjustment  for actual  activity based on such factors as the number of subjects
enrolled and number of subjects that have completed  treatment for each trial. A
monthly  reconciliation  of costs  accrued  to cost  incurred  is  performed  by
Cellegy's clinical project managers and the finance department.

     Investment  Policy.  Cellegy is subject  to  certain  credit  risk from our
investment in marketable securities.  By policy, we restrict amounts invested by
investment type and by issuer, except for securities issued by the United States
government.  Cellegy has an investment  policy that is approved and periodically
reviewed by our Audit  Committee.  The policy  states that  investments  must be
highly liquid with maturities of less than three years.  Cellegy's policy limits
investments to the following: direct obligations of the United States Government
or fully guaranteed by a government agency or by any of the states.  Investments
must  have a rating  of A1/P1  or A by  Standard  and  Poors  (or an  equivalent
rating); money market instruments must be a member of the Federal Reserve System
with a net worth of at least $100  million and a rating of A1/AA by Standard and
Poors (or equivalent  rating).  Any exception to the above requires  approval of
the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer.

Results of Operations

Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

     Revenues.  Cellegy had revenues of $877,000,  $1,586,000, and $1,045,000 in
2001,  2000 and 1999,  respectively.  Revenues in 2001  consisted of $660,000 in
product sales to Gryphon Development (Gryphon), the product development arm of a
major  specialty  retailer,  and  $217,000  in  Rectogesic  sales in  Australia.
Revenues in 2000  consisted of $1,389,000 in product sales to Gryphon,  $125,000
in Rectogesic sales and $72,000 in SBIR grant funding.  The decrease of $709,000
in total  revenue  in 2001  compared  with  2000 was  primarily  due to a 52% or
$729,000 decrease in Gryphon sales which was partially due to an overstocking of
inventory  on Gryphon's  part  accompanied  by a decline in economic  conditions
during the year.  The SBIR  grant  funding of  $72,000  was  completed  in 2000.
Revenues in 1999 consisted of $898,000 in Gryphon  sales,  $30,000 in SBIR grant
funding and $117,000 in  development  funding from Glaxo.  The increase in total
revenue in 2000 of $541,000 or 52%  compared  with 1999 was  primarily  due to a
$491,000  increase in Gryphon sales and $125,000 in Rectogesic  sales  partially
offset by higher grant funding of $75,000 in 1999.

     Research and Development  Expenses.  Research and development expenses were
$14,098,000  in 2001 compared with  $9,574,000 in 2000,  and $7,965,000 in 1999.
Total  research and  development  expenses  represented  65%, 70% and 73% of our
total operating expenses in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Total expenses in
2001

                                       15
<PAGE>

compared to 2000 increased by $4,524,000. Approximately 81% or $3,632,000 of the
increase was due to expenses  associated  with the  completion of the Cellegesic
Phase III study, NDA filing fees, costs related to the Phase II clinical studies
relating to hemorrhoids,  as well as costs associated with Tostrex and Tostrelle
clinical  studies.  The remaining  18% or $830,000 was due to non-cash  expenses
related to  milestone  payments  made to Neptune  Pharmaceuticals  and  non-cash
compensation  charges  related to stock  options.  Future  potential  milestones
payable in Cellegy  common  stock to Neptune on the  achievement  of  Cellegesic
development  milestones could result in future non-cash research and development
expenses  of up to $10  million.  The  increase  of  $1,609,000  or 16% in  2000
compared with 1999 was primarily due to an increase in spending  associated with
Cellegesic  Phase III and  Phase II  clinical  trials,  as well as Phase III and
Phase I/II Tostrex and Tostrelle  clinical studies,  respectively.  Research and
development  expenses  include  salaries  and  benefits,   laboratory  supplies,
external research  programs,  clinical studies and allocated overhead costs such
as rent, supplies and utilities. In addition to clinical site payments, clinical
costs include costs of manufacturing clinical supplies and costs associated with
product stability studies.

     We expect our research and  development  expenses in 2002 to be equal to or
higher than 2001 levels,  primarily due to our Phase II/III Tostrelle study, the
planned NDA filing for Tostrex,  two hemorrhoid  trials using  Cellegesic and in
support of on-going research in Cellegy Canada. Unexpected increases in research
and development expenses may occur if the FDA requires further trials to support
our NDA filing for  Cellegesic and Tostrex.  However,  in case of a delay in the
approval of the  Cellegesic  NDA,  Cellegy  may need to reduce or defer  overall
expenditures, particularly in marketing and sales.

     Selling,  General  and  Administrative   Expenses.   Selling,  general  and
administrative  expenses were  $4,042,000 in 2001,  compared with  $3,631,000 in
2000 and  $2,613,000  in 1999.  The increase of $411,000 or 11% in 2001 compared
with 2000 was mostly due to expenses  associated  with our business  development
programs and a substantial increase in utility expenses and consulting fees. The
increase in expenses of  $1,018,000 in 2000 compared with 1999 was primarily due
to non-cash  compensation charges related to certain warrant grants. Our general
and  administrative  expenses are expected to continue to increase in the future
in support of our business  development  programs and product  commercialization
efforts.

     Acquired-In-Process Research and Development.  Acquired-in-process research
and development  expenses of $3,507,000 were incurred during 2001 as a result of
the  Vaxis  acquisition.   There  were  no   acquired-in-process   research  and
development  expenses incurred during 2000 and 1999. The acquired technology was
an early stage of  development  that,  at the  acquisition  date,  technological
feasibility had not been reached and no alternative use existed.

     Interest Income,  and Other Net and Interest  Expense.  Cellegy  recognized
$1,532,000  in interest  income for 2001  compared  with  $770,000  for 2000 and
$864,000  for 1999.  Fluctuations  in  interest  income were tied  primarily  to
changes in the average investment  balances during each year.  Interest expenses
were  $27,000 in 2001  compared  with  $201,000  in 2000 and  $363,000  in 1999.
Interest expenses in 2001 were lower due to a bank loan that was repaid in 2001.
Other income  includes  rental income from our  sub-lessees  of $897,000 in 2001
compared to $80,000 in 2000.  Cellegy's  sub-lease agreement expired in December
2001, and this may result in significant  decrease in rental income if favorable
sub-leases are not found this year.

     Net  Loss.  The net loss  applicable  to  common  shareholders  in 2001 was
$19,465,000  or $1.26 per share  based on  15,503,000  weighted  average  shares
outstanding compared with the net loss applicable to common shareholders in 2000
of  $11,418,000 or $0.91 per share based on 12,542,000  weighted  average shares
outstanding.  In 1999,  our net loss was  $9,301,000 or $0.85 per share based on
10,914,000 weighted average shares outstanding.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     We have experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations each
year  since our  inception.  Through  December  31,  2001,  we had  incurred  an
accumulated  deficit of $70.4 million and had consumed  cash from  operations of
$41.7  million.  Cash from equity  financing  transactions  have  included  $6.4
million in net proceeds from our initial  public  offering in August 1995,  $6.8
million in net proceeds  from a preferred  stock  financing in April 1996,  $3.8
million in net proceeds  from a private  placement of common stock in July 1997,
$13.8 million in net proceeds from a follow-on public offering in November 1997,
$10.0  million in net  proceeds  from a private  placement  in July 1999,  $11.6
million in net  proceeds  from a private  placement  in  October  2000 and $15.2
million in net proceeds from a private  placement in June 2001. In June 1998, we
entered  into a loan  agreement  with a  commercial  bank to  provide up to $4.5
million  with an initial  interest  rate at the bank's  prime  lending rate plus


                                       16
<PAGE>


0.75%. In December 1999, the loan was amended to include a revolving credit line
allowing us to pay down principal balances at any time or increase borrowings up
to a maximum of $2.5 million. As of December 31, 2001, there was no loan balance
outstanding under this arrangement.

     Our cash and  investments  were $17.2 million at December 31, 2001 compared
with $15.9  million at December 31,  2000,  both of which  includes  $614,000 of
restricted  cash. At December 31, 1999, cash and investments were $16.7 million.
The increase in cash and investments of $1.3 million in 2001 was principally due
to the net proceeds from the financing completed in June 2001,  partially offset
by net cash used in operating  activities of 13.4 million.  Our operations  have
used and will continue to use substantial  amounts of cash. Future  expenditures
and  capital   requirements  depend  on  numerous  factors  including,   without
limitation, the progress and focus of our research and development programs, the
progress and results of pre-clinical  and clinical  testing,  the time and costs
involved in obtaining regulatory  approvals,  the costs of filing,  prosecuting,
defending  and  enforcing  any  patent  claims and other  intellectual  property
rights, our ability to establish new collaborative arrangements,  the initiation
of  commercialization  activities,  the purchase of capital  equipment,  and the
availability of other financing.

     We have a ten-year  operating  lease  commitment  on our facility  with our
current  landlord.  Our operating lease  commitments are $1,488,000 for 2002 and
$12,281,000 thereafter.

     In order to complete  the  research and  development  and other  activities
necessary to commercialize our products,  additional financing will be required.
As a result,  we will seek  private  or public  equity  investments  and  future
collaborative arrangements or other transactions with third parties to meet such
needs. There is no assurance that financing will be available for us to fund our
operations on acceptable terms, if at all.  Insufficient  funding may require us
to delay,  reduce  or  eliminate  some or all of our  research  and  development
activities,  planned clinical trials,  marketing,  sales,  product promotion and
administrative  programs.  We believe  that  available  cash  resources  and the
interest  thereon,  together with funding under the Ventiv  agreements,  will be
adequate  to satisfy our  capital  needs  through at least  December  31,  2002,
although  failure to obtain  additional  financing  could require us to delay or
reduce  the scope of some of our  planned  research,  development  and sales and
marketing activities.

     We have paid fees to the Company's  board members for their services on the
board, audit committee and compensation committee.  The total fees paid to these
directors  during  2001,  2000 and  1999  were  $30,000,  $46,500  amd  $57,750,
respectively.

     Additional  consulting  fees  were  paid to two  board  members  based on a
consulting  agreement.  These  were  $80,000  and  $66,000  for 2001  and  2000,
respectively.

     We have also recognized $100,888 in compensation  expense during 2001 for a
consulting  agreement  with a current  board  member.  The Company  issued stock
options to this board member for his consulting services.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In July 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No. 141,  "Business  Combinations"  (Statement  141).  This Statement  addresses
financial  accounting  and  reporting for business  combinations.  Statement 141
supersedes APB Opinion No. 16, Business Combinations (Opinion 16), and amends or
supersedes a number of interpretations of that Opinion.

     Statement 141 requires that (1) all business  combinations be accounted for
by a single method the purchase method,  (2) all intangible assets acquired in a
business  combination are to be recognized as assets apart from goodwill if they
meet one of two criteria - the  contractual-legal  criterion or the separability
criterion  and (3) in addition  to the  disclosure  requirements  in Opinion 16,
disclosure of the primary reasons for a business  combination and the allocation
of the purchase  price paid to the assets  acquired and  liabilities  assumed by
major balance sheet caption.  When the amounts of goodwill and intangible assets
acquired are  significant in relation to the purchase price paid,  disclosure of
other information about those assets is required, such as the amount of goodwill
by  reportable  segment and the amount of the  purchase  price  assigned to each
major  intangible  asset class.  The  provisions  of Statement  141 apply to all
business  combinations  initiated  after  June 30,  2001.  Cellegy  adopted  the
provisions of Statement 141 as of July 1, 2001.

     In July 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangibles"  (Statement 142). Under Statement 142,
goodwill and indefinite lived intangible  assets are no longer amortized but are
reviewed  annually  (or more  frequently  if  impairment  indicators  arise) for
impairment.  Separable  intangible  assets  that  are  not  deemed  to  have  an
indefinite life will continue to be amortized over their estimated useful lives.
Prior to December 31, 2001, Cellegy had recorded goodwill of $968,000 related to
the Quay  acquisition  in June 2000.  Cellegy will  discontinue  amortizing  the
remaining  balance in goodwill of $814,000 on January 1, 2002.  The  adoption of
this statement as of January 1, 2002 is not expected to have any other impact on
our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

     In October 2001, the Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 144,  "Accounting  for the Impairment or
Disposal of  Long-Lived  Assets"  (Statement  144),  which  addresses  financial
accounting  and reporting for the  impairment or disposal of long-lived  assets.
Statement  144 is effective for Cellegy's  fiscal year  beginning  January 2002.
Cellegy  does  not  expect  that  the  adoption  of the  Statement  will  have a
significant impact on our financial position and results of operations.

                                       17

<PAGE>

Factors That May Affect Future Operating Results

     This report  contains  forward-looking  statements  that involve  risks and
uncertainties.  Our actual  results  may differ  significantly  from the results
discussed  in this Annual  Report.  Factors  that might cause such a  difference
include, but are not limited to, those discussed below.

We are subject to regulation by regulatory  authorities including the FDA, which
could delay or prevent marketing of our products.

     Cellegy's  prescription  product  candidates,  and our ongoing research and
clinical activities such as those relating to our product candidates Cellegesic,
Tostrex,  and  Tostrelle,  are subject to extensive  regulation by  governmental
regulatory  authorities  in the  United  States and other  countries.  Extensive
current  pre-clinical  and  clinical  testing  requirements  and the  regulatory
approval process of the United States Food and Drug Administration  (FDA) in the
United  States and of certain  foreign  regulatory  authorities,  or  additional
future  government  regulations,  could prevent or delay regulatory  approval of
Cellegy's  products.  Disagreements may occur in the future,  and one or more of
our  ongoing or planned  clinical  trials  could be delayed or be required to be
repeated  in order to  satisfy  regulatory  requirements.  The FDA could  impose
requirements  on future  trials  that  could  delay or  prevent  the  regulatory
approval  process  for  Cellegesic,  Tostrex or  Tostrelle.  Sales of  Cellegy's
products  outside  the United  States are  subject  to  regulatory  requirements
governing clinical trials and marketing approval. These requirements vary widely
from country to country and could delay  introduction  of Cellegy's  products in
those countries.

     Before  we  obtain  regulatory  approval  for the  commercial  sale of most
potential drug products,  we must demonstrate through  pre-clinical  studies and
clinical trials that the product is safe and efficacious for use in the clinical
indication  for which  approval is sought.  We cannot assure you that the FDA or
other  international  regulatory  authorities  will permit us to  undertake  any
future clinical trials for potential  products or to continue any of the current
clinical  trials.  To date,  except for our NDA filing in June 2001  relating to
Cellegesic,  we have  not  sought  FDA  approval  to  distribute  any  products.
Moreover,  results of pre-clinical  studies and early clinical trials may not be
good predictors of results that will be obtained in later-stage  clinical trials
and favorable results in later stage clinical trials may not ensure FDA approval
to  commercialize  a product.  We cannot  assure you that  Cellegy's  present or
future  clinical trials will  demonstrate  the results  required for approval to
market these  potential  products or even to continue with  additional  clinical
development.  Because  of the  independent  and blind  nature of  certain  human
clinical testing, there will be extended periods during the testing process when
we will have only  limited,  or no,  access to  information  about the status or
results of the tests.  Other  pharmaceutical  companies have believed that their
products performed satisfactorily in early tests, only to find their performance
in later  tests,  including  Phase III  clinical  trials,  to be  inadequate  or
unsatisfactory,  or that FDA  Advisory  Committees  have  declined to  recommend
approval of the drugs, or that the FDA itself refused approval,  with the result
that such companies' stock prices have fallen precipitously.

     The timing of NDA  submissions,  the  outcome of reviews by the FDA and the
initiation and completion of other clinical  trials are subject to  uncertainty,
change and unforeseen delays. On December 3, 2001, Cellegy announced that it had
submitted an amendment to its NDA for Cellegesic to include data from a recently
completed  confirmatory  Phase III clinical study using Cellegesic to treat pain
associated with chronic anal fissures.  The Cellegesic NDA was originally  filed
in June 2001.  There can be no  assurance,  however,  that the FDA will find the
Cellegesic trial data, the statistical  analysis methodology used by Cellegy, or
other  sections of the NDA  acceptable  for  marketing  approval.  The FDA could
require further trials,  decide to have an Advisory Panel review the submission,
with an uncertain outcome of such panel's recommendation,  or take other actions
having  the  effect  of  delaying  or  preventing  commercial   introduction  of
Cellegesic. In addition, having submitted the Cellegesic NDA in June 2001 before
completion of the second Phase III trial does not necessarily  reduce the period
of time  during  which the FDA  reviews the filing and may have no effect on the
regulatory review period; the FDA could decide,  among other things, to re-start
its review as of November 2001, when Cellegy  submitted an amendment to the NDA.
Any delay in obtaining  regulatory approval for Cellegesic could have a material
adverse effect on the market price of the Common Stock and our business.

We have a history  of  losses,  and we expect  losses to  continue  for at least
several years.

     Our  accumulated  deficit as of December 31, 2001 was  approximately  $70.4
million.  We have never  operated  profitably  and,  given our planned  level of
operating expenses,  we expect to continue to incur losses for at least the next
two years.  We plan to increase our operating  expenses as we continue to devote
significant resources to pre-

                                       18

<PAGE>

clinical studies, clinical trials,  administrative,  marketing, sales and patent
activities.   Accordingly,  without  substantial  revenues  from  new  corporate
collaborations,  royalties on product sales or other revenue sources,  we expect
to incur substantial operating losses in the foreseeable future as our potential
products move into commercialization,  and we continue to invest in research and
clinical trials.  Our losses may increase in the future,  and even if we achieve
our revenue targets, we may not be able to sustain or increase  profitability on
a  quarterly  or annual  basis.  The amount of future net  losses,  and the time
required to reach profitability, are both highly uncertain. To achieve sustained
profitable  operations,  we must,  among other  things,  successfully  discover,
develop, obtain regulatory approvals for and market pharmaceutical  products. We
cannot assure you that we will ever be able to achieve or sustain profitability.

The Company faces intense  competition from larger companies,  and in the future
Cellegy  may not have the  resources  required to develop  innovative  products.
Cellegy's products are subject to competition from existing products.

     The  pharmaceutical  and cosmeceutical  industries are subject to rapid and
significant  technological  changes. In the development and marketing of topical
prescription  drugs,  skin care and other  products and drug  delivery  systems,
Cellegy faces intense competition.  Cellegy is much smaller in terms of size and
resources than many of its  competitors  in the United States and abroad,  which
include,  among  others,  major  pharmaceutical,  chemical,  cosmetic,  consumer
product and biotechnology companies,  specialized firms,  universities and other
research   institutions.   Cellegy's   competitors  may  succeed  in  developing
technologies  and  products  that  are  more  effective  than  any  that  we are
developing and could render Cellegy's technology and potential products obsolete
and  noncompetitive.  Many  of  these  competitors  have  substantially  greater
financial  and  technical   resources,   clinical,   production   and  marketing
capabilities  and regulatory  experience.  In addition,  Cellegy's  products are
subject to competition from existing  products.  For example,  Cellegy's Tostrex
product,  if commercialized,  is expected to compete with two currently marketed
transdermal   patch   products   sold  by  Johnson   and   Johnson   and  Watson
Pharmaceuticals  and  one  transdermal  testosterone  gel  product  marketed  by
Unimed/Solvay.  Cellegy's Cellegesic product, if commercialized,  is expected to
compete  with  over-the-counter  products,  such as  Preparation  H marketed  by
American Home Products, and various other prescription products. As a result, we
cannot assure you that  Cellegy's  products  under  development  will be able to
compete  successfully  with  existing  products  or  innovative  products  under
development by other organizations.

Our prospects for obtaining additional financing, if required, are uncertain and
failure to obtain needed financing could affect our ability to develop or market
products.

     Throughout our history,  we have consumed  substantial amounts of cash. Our
cash needs are expected to continue to increase  significantly over at least the
next two years in order to fund the additional  expenses  required to expand our
current research and development programs and to commercialize our products once
regulatory  approvals  have been  obtained.  Cellegy  has no  current  source of
significant  ongoing  revenues or capital beyond existing cash and  investments,
and certain  product sales of Rectogesic in Australia and sales to Gryphon,  the
development  subsidiary of a major specialty retailer.  In order to complete the
research and development and other  activities  necessary to  commercialize  our
products, additional financing will be required.

     Cellegy  will  seek  private  or  public  equity   investments  and  future
collaborative  arrangements  with third  parties to help fund future cash needs.
Such  funding may not be  available  on  acceptable  terms,  if at all.  Cellegy
believes  that  available  cash  resources  and interest  earned,  together with
funding  under the Ventiv  agreements,  will be  adequate to satisfy its capital
needs through at least December 31, 2002,  although failure to obtain additional
financing  could  require us to delay or reduce the scope of some of our planned
research, development and sales and marketing activities.

Our stock price could be volatile.

     Our stock  price has from time to time  experienced  significant  price and
volume  fluctuations.   Sometimes  our  stock  price  has  varied  depending  on
fluctuations in the Nasdaq National Market generally, and sometimes fluctuations
have resulted from matters more specific to Cellegy,  such as an announcement of
clinical  trial  or  regulatory   results  or  other   corporate   developments.
Announcements  that  could  significantly  impact  our stock  price  include:

     o    clinical  trial  results,  such as results of  Cellegesic,  Tostrex or
          Tostrelle trials;

     o    developments or disputes  concerning  patent or proprietary  rights;

     o    publicity or announcements  regarding regulatory developments relating
          to our products under review or by our competitors;

                                       19
<PAGE>


     o    period-to-period  fluctuations  in our  financial  results,  including
          operating expenses or profits, and

     o    negative announcements by our key suppliers or service providers.

The type and scope of patent  coverage we have may limit the commercial  success
of our products.

     Cellegy's  success  depends,  in part,  on our  ability  to  obtain  patent
protection for our products and methods,  both in the United States and in other
countries.  Several of Cellegy's products are based on existing compounds with a
history of use in humans but are being  developed by Cellegy for new therapeutic
uses.  Cellegy cannot obtain  composition  patent claims on the compound itself,
and will instead need to rely on patent claims,  if any,  directed to use of the
compound  to  treat  certain  conditions  or to  specific  formulations  we  are
attempting  to  develop.  Cellegy may not be able to prevent a  competitor  from
using our  formulations  or compounds for a different  purpose.  Certain  United
States and foreign patents have previously been issued to Cellegy.  However,  we
cannot assure you that any  additional  patents will be issued to Cellegy,  that
the protection of any patents issued in the future will be commercially valuable
or that current or future patents will be held valid if subsequently challenged.

     The patent  position of companies  engaged in businesses  such as Cellegy's
business   generally  is  uncertain  and  involves  complex  legal  and  factual
questions.  There is a substantial  backlog of patent applications at the United
States Patent and Trademark  Office.  Further,  issued patents can later be held
invalid by the patent office  issuing the patent or by a court.  There can be no
assurance that any patent applications relating to Cellegy's products or methods
will issue as patents,  or, if issued,  that the patents will not be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented  or that the rights granted  thereunder will provide
us a  competitive  advantage.  For  example,  we  reported in July 2001 that two
oppositions  had been  filed  with the  European  Patent  Office  regarding  our
European patent protecting the manufacture and use of nitroglycerin ointment and
related  compounds for the treatment of anal disorders,  including  fissures and
various  hemorrhoidal  conditions.  An  adverse  outcome  in  either  opposition
proceeding could have a material adverse effect on Cellegy,  including marketing
efforts in Europe. In addition, many other organizations are engaged in research
and product development efforts in drug delivery, skin biology and cosmeceutical
fields  that  may  overlap  with  Cellegy's  products.  Such  organizations  may
currently  have,  or may  obtain in the  future,  legally  blocking  proprietary
rights,  including  patent  rights,  in one or more  products  or methods  under
development  or  consideration  by  Cellegy.  These  rights may  prevent us from
commercializing  technology, or may require Cellegy to obtain a license from the
organizations to use the technology.  Cellegy may not be able to obtain any such
licenses that may be required on reasonable  financial terms, if at all, or that
the patents underlying any such licenses will be valid or enforceable. Moreover,
the laws of certain  foreign  countries  do not  protect  intellectual  property
rights  relating to United  States  patents as  extensively  as those rights are
protected in the United States.  Cellegy is subject to the risk that individuals
or organizations located in such countries will engage in development, marketing
or sales activities of Cellegy's products.

Our product sales strategy involving corporate partners is highly uncertain.

     Cellegy is seeking to enter into agreements with certain corporate partners
granting rights to  commercialize  our lead product  candidates,  Cellegesic and
Tostrex.  Other than the agreement with Ventiv, Cellegy has not entered into any
agreements with third parties to commercialize either product candidate. Cellegy
may not be able to establish any such collaborative  arrangements and we may not
have the resources or the  experience  to  successfully  commercialize  any such
products on our own. Failure to enter into any such arrangements  could prevent,
delay or otherwise have a material  adverse effect on our ability to develop and
market   Cellegesic,   Tostrex  or  other  products   (particularly  in  certain
international  markets)  that we desire to  commercialize  through  third  party
arrangements.  Similarly,  if we are unable to find another corporate partner to
develop or market our cosmeceutical  products, they may never be commercialized.
If we are able to enter into one or more corporate partner arrangements,  we may
rely on our partners to conduct clinical  trials,  obtain  regulatory  approvals
and,  if  approved,  manufacture,  distribute  and  market or  co-promote  these
products.

     However,  reliance on third party  partners can create risks to our product
commercialization  efforts.  Once  agreements  are  completed,  Cellegy may have
little or no control over the development of these potential products and little
or no opportunity to review clinical data before or after public announcement of
results.   Further,  any  arrangements  that  may  be  established  may  not  be
successful.

     For example, Cellegy and Ventiv finalized a six-year services agreement and
a related funding agreement to commercialize our lead product, Cellegesic. There
is no guarantee that Ventiv will be able to successfully complete its funding or
other  obligations  to  Cellegy.  Non-performance  by  Ventiv  could  delay  the
commercial introduction of

                                       20

<PAGE>

Cellegesic and delay sales of Cellegesic.  Cellegy may need to seek  alternative
arrangements  for  the  commercialization  of the  product  which  could  have a
material  adverse  effect  on our  business  and our  ability  to  commercialize
Cellegesic in a timely manner.

No History of Manufacturing Products; Limited Number of Critical Suppliers.

     Cellegy has no direct experience in manufacturing  commercial quantities of
products and currently does not have any capacity to  manufacture  products on a
large  commercial  scale.  We  currently  rely on a limited  number of  contract
manufacturers,  primarily PanGeo, and suppliers to manufacture our formulations.
Although we believe that there will be adequate third party manufacturers, there
can be no  assurance  that we will be able to enter into  acceptable  agreements
with them. In the future, we may not be able to obtain contract manufacturing on
commercially  acceptable  terms for  compounds  or product  formulations  in the
quantities we need. Manufacturing or quality control problems could occur at the
contract  manufacturers causing product shipment delays or a situation where the
contractor  may not be able to maintain  compliance  with the FDA's current good
manufacturing  practice  requirements  necessary to continue  manufacturing  our
products.


ITEM 7A:           QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     Cellegy  invests its excess cash in  short-term,  investment  grade,  fixed
income  securities  under  an  investment  policy.  All of our  investments  are
classified  as   available-for-sale   (see  Financial   Statements  -  Note  2).
Approximately  35%  securities  will mature in 2002, 35% will mature in 2003 and
the rest in 2004. We believe that potential near-term losses in future earnings,
fair  values  or  cash  flows  related  to  our  investment  portfolio  are  not
significant.

     At December 31, 2001, our investment  portfolio  consisted of $6,758,000 in
corporate  notes,   $2,022,000  in  government   securities  and  $2,000,000  in
commercial  paper.  We currently do not hedge interest rate exposure.  If market
interest  rates were to increase by 100 basis  points or 1% from  December  2001
levels,  the fair value of our portfolio  would decline by no more than $50,000.
The  modeling   technique  used  measures  the  change  in  fair  value  from  a
hypothetical shift in market interest rates.


ITEM 8:            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The  financial  statements  required by item 8 are set forth below on pages
F-1 through F-20 of this report.

<PAGE>


                          Index to Financial Statements

                                                                      Page
                                                                    --------

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors                     F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets                                           F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations                                 F-4

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity                       F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                 F-9

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                            F-11



                                      F-1

<PAGE>


                Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors


The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Cellegy
Pharmaceuticals,  Inc. and  subsidiaries  (a  development  stage  company) as of
December  31,  2001  and  2000,  and  the  related  consolidated  statements  of
operations,  shareholders'  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period  ended  December  31,  2001,  and for the period  from June 26,  1989
(inception)  to  December  31,  2001.   These   financial   statements  are  the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all  material   respects,   the  consolidated   financial  position  of  Cellegy
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries (a development stage company) at December
31, 2001 and 2000 and the  consolidated  results of its  operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001, and for
the period from June 26, 1989  (inception)  to December 31, 2001,  in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.





                                                           /s/ Ernst & Young LLP


Palo Alto, California
February 7, 2002


                                      F-2

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

                                                          December 31,
                                                    -------------------------
                                                        2001          2000
                                                    -----------   -----------
Assets
Current assets
     Cash and cash equivalents .................    $ 5,795,378   $ 8,838,192
     Short-term investments.....................      4,053,280     6,470,537
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets..        837,344       856,076
                                                    -----------   -----------
Total current assets............................     10,686,002    16,164,805
Property and equipment, net.....................      2,467,907     2,848,020
Long-term investments...........................      6,727,240            --
Restricted cash.................................        613,999       613,999
Intangible assets, net..........................      1,522,266     1,531,939
Other assets....................................        350,000       100,000
                                                    -----------   -----------
Total assets....................................    $22,367,414   $21,258,763
                                                    ===========   ===========
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities...    $ 1,893,253   $ 1,443,230
     Accrued compensation and related expenses..        144,614       139,073
     Current portion of note payable............             --       548,133
                                                    -----------   -----------
Total current liabilities.......................      2,037,867     2,130,436
Long term liabilities...........................        484,826            --
Non-current portion of note payable.............             --       333,937

Commitments:
Shareholders' equity

     Preferred stock,  no par value;  5,000,000
         shares     authorized:     Series    A
         convertible   preferred   stock  1,100
         shares designated; no shares issued or
         outstanding  at December  31, 2001 and
         2000..................................              --             --
     Common  stock,  no par  value;  25,000,000
         shares  authorized:  17,295,274 shares
         issued and outstanding at December 31,
         2001 and 13,838,053  shares issued and
         outstanding at December 31, 2000.......     90,137,811    69,735,022
     Accumulated other comprehensive
         income (loss)..........................         83,458       (28,807)
     Deficit accumulated during the
         development stage......................    (70,376,548)  (50,911,825)
                                                    -----------   -----------
Total shareholders' equity......................     19,844,721    18,794,390
                                                    -----------   -----------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity......    $22,367,414   $21,258,763
                                                    ===========   ===========


                             See accompanying notes.


                                      F-3

<PAGE>


                                           Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                                           (a development stage company)

                                       Consolidated Statements of Operations
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                                                                                       Period from
                                                                                                      June 26, 1989
                                                                  Years ended December 31,                 to
                                                      -------------------------------------------      December 31,
                                                           2001             2000          1999            2001
                                                           ----             ----          ----            ----
<S>                                                   <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenues:
     Licensing and contract revenue from affiliate    $         --    $         --    $         --    $  1,145,373
     Licensing, milestone, and development funding              --              --         117,303       1,551,408
     Government grants ............................            566          71,793          29,976         502,335
     Product sales.................................        876,925       1,513,830         897,859       3,746,584
                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Total revenues ....................................        877,491       1,585,623       1,045,138       6,945,700
Costs and expenses:
     Cost of products sold ........................        200,338         368,113         269,358         950,882
     Research and development .....................     14,097,746       9,574,293       7,965,477      51,214,170
     Selling, general and administrative ..........      4,041,642       3,630,616       2,612,601      20,560,749
     Acquired in-process research and development .      3,507,134              --              --       7,350,102
                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Total costs and expenses ..........................     21,846,860      13,573,022      10,847,436      80,075,903
                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Operating loss ....................................    (20,969,369)    (11,987,399)     (9,802,298)    (73,130,203)
Other income (expense):
     Interest expense .............................        (27,283)       (200,689)       (362,735)     (1,476,593)
     Interest income and other, net ...............      1,531,929         769,875         863,877       5,678,753
                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Net loss ..........................................    (19,464,723)    (11,418,213)     (9,301,156)    (68,928,043)
Non-cash preferred dividends ......................             --              --              --       1,448,505
                                                      ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
Net loss applicable to common shareholders ........   $(19,464,723)   $(11,418,213)   $ (9,301,156)   $(70,376,548)
                                                      ============    ============    ============    ============

        Basic and diluted net loss per common share   $      (1.26)   $      (0.91)   $      (0.85)
                                                      ============    ============    ============
Weighted average common shares used in computing
basic and diluted net loss per common share .......     15,502,918      12,542,232      10,913,554
                                                      ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>



                                              See accompanying notes.


                                                        F-4

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
                                                    Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                                                    (a development stage company)

                                           Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity
<CAPTION>


                                 Series A Convertible   Series B Convertible         Series C Convertible
                                   Preferred Stock         Preferred Stock              Preferred Stock             Common Stock
                                   ---------------         ---------------              ---------------             ------------
                                  Shares      Amount     Shares         Amount         Shares       Amount     Shares       Amount
                                  ------      ------     ------         ------         ------       ------     ------       ------
<S>                            <C>          <C>               <C>      <C>            <C>       <C>              <C>        <C>
Issuance of convertible
   preferred stock, net of
   issuance cost through
   December 31, 1998 ........     27,649   $6,801,730         --       $   --          477,081   $4,978,505       --        $    --
Issuance of Series A
   convertible preferred
   stock and warrants to
   purchase 14,191 shares of
   Series A convertible
   preferred stock in
   exchange for convertible
   promissory notes and
   accrued interest through
   December 31, 1998.........    625,845    1,199,536         --           --               --           --       --             --
Issuance of convertible
   preferred stock for
   services rendered, and
   license agreement through
   December 31, 1998 ........     50,110      173,198         --           --               --           --       --             --
Issuance of Series B
   convertible preferred
   stock in exchange for
   convertible promissory
   notes.....................        --            --      12,750       114,000             --           --       --             --
Non-cash preferred dividends         --     1,448,505          --          --               --           --       --             --
Conversion of preferred
   stock, including
   dividends, to common stock
   through December 31, 1998.   (703,604)  (9,622,969)    (12,750)     (114,000)      (477,081)   (4,978,505)  3,014,644  14,715,474
Issuance of warrants in
   connection with notes
   payable in financing .....        --           --           --          --               --            --      --         487,333
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with private
   placement of common stock
   in July 1997, net of
   issuance cost ............        --           --           --          --               --            --   1,547,827   3,814,741
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the public
   offering of common stock
   in November 1997, net of
   issuance cost ............        --           --           --          --               --            --   2,012,500  13,764,069
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the
   acquisition of Neptune
   Pharmaceutical ...........        --           --           --          --               --            --     462,809   3,842,968

</TABLE>


                                Accumulated      Deficit
                                   Other       Accumulated
                               Comprehensive   During the        Total
                                  Income       Development   Shareholders'
                                  (Loss)          Stage         Equity
                                  ------          -----         ------
Issuance of convertible
   preferred stock, net of
   issuance cost through
   December 31, 1998 ........    $  --         $     --     $11,780,235
Issuance of Series A
   convertible preferred
   stock and warrants to
   purchase 14,191 shares of
   Series A convertible
   preferred stock in
   exchange for convertible
   promissory notes and
   accrued interest through
   December 31, 1998.........       --               --       1,199,536
Issuance of convertible
   preferred stock for
   services rendered, and
   license agreement through
   December 31, 1998 ........       --               --         173,198
Issuance of Series B
   convertible preferred
   stock in exchange for
   convertible promissory
   notes.....................       --               --         114,000
Non-cash preferred dividends        --        (1,448,505)            --
Conversion of preferred
   stock, including
   dividends, to common stock
   through December 31, 1998.       --               --              --
Issuance of warrants in
   connection with notes
   payable in financing .....       --               --         487,333
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with private
   placement of common stock
   in July 1997, net of
   issuance cost ............       --               --       3,814,741
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the public
   offering of common stock
   in November 1997, net of
   issuance cost ............       --               --      13,764,069
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the
   acquisition of Neptune
   Pharmaceutical ...........       --               --       3,842,968

                             See accompanying notes

                                       F-5
<PAGE>



                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                 Series A Convertible   Series B Convertible      Series C Convertible
                                   Preferred Stock         Preferred Stock          Preferred Stock
                                  Shares      Amount     Shares      Amount       Shares        Amount
                                  ------      ------     ------      ------       ------        ------
<S>                                   <C>       <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>            <C>
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with IPO in
   August 1995....................    --        --           --        --           --             --
Issuance of common stock for
   cash through December 31, 1998.    --        --           --        --           --             --

Issuance of common stock for
   services rendered through
   December 31, 1998..............    --        --           --        --           --             --

Repurchase of common shares
   in 1992........................    --        --           --        --           --             --
Issuance of common stock in
   exchange for notes payable.....    --        --           --        --           --             --

Exercise of warrants to
   purchase common stock..........    --        --           --        --           --             --

Exercise of options to
   purchase common stock..........    --        --           --        --           --             --

Compensation expense related
   to the extension of option
   exercise periods...............    --        --           --        --           --             --

Unrealized gain on investments....    --        --           --        --           --             --

Net loss for the period June
   26, 1989 (inception) to
   December 31, 1998..............    --        --           --        --           --             --
                                   -----     -----        -----     -----        -----          -----
Balances at December 31, 1998.....    --        --           --        --           --             --

Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the
   private placement of
   common stock in July 1999,
   net of issuance cost...........    --        --           --        --           --             --

Exercise of warrants to
   purchase common stock..........    --        --           --        --           --             --

Exercise of options to
   purchase common stock..........    --        --           --        --           --             --

Unrealized loss on investments....    --        --           --        --           --             --

Net loss..........................    --        --           --        --           --             --
                                   -----     -----        -----     -----        -----          -----
Total Comprehensive Loss..........

</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Accumulated      Deficit
                                                                     Other       Accumulated
                                                                 Comprehensive   During the        Total
                                             Common Stock           Income       Development   Shareholders'
                                          Shares       Amount       (Loss)          Stage         Equity
                                          ------       ------       ------          -----         ------
<S>                                      <C>           <C>           <C>              <C>       <C>
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with IPO in
   August 1995...................        1,322,500     6,383,785      --               --       6,383,785

Issuance of common stock for
   cash through December 31, 1998          953,400       126,499      --               --         126,499

Issuance of common stock for
   services rendered through
   December 31, 1998.............          269,116        24,261      --               --          24,261

Repurchase of common shares
   in 1992.......................           (3,586)         (324)     --               --            (324)

Issuance of common stock in
   exchange for notes payable....           42,960       268,500      --               --         268,500

Exercise of warrants to
   purchase common stock.........          377,082       100,484      --               --         100,484

Exercise of options to
   purchase common stock.........          174,045       496,862      --               --         496,862

Compensation expense related
   to the extension of option
   exercise periods..............             --         338,481      --               --         338,481

Unrealized gain on investments...             --            --      47,353             --          47,353

Net loss for the period June
   26, 1989 (inception) to
   December 31, 1998.............             --            --        --        (28,743,951)  (28,743,951)
                                        ----------   -----------   -------      -----------   -----------
Balances at December 31, 1998....       10,173,294    44,363,133    47,353      (30,192,456)  (14,218,030)

Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the
   private placement of
   common stock in July 1999,
   net of issuance cost..........        1,616,000    10,037,662      --               --      10,037,662

Exercise of warrants to
   purchase common stock.........          119,171       502,195      --               --         502,195

Exercise of options to
   purchase common stock.........          101,777       464,913      --               --         464,913

Unrealized loss on investments...             --            --     (82,824)            --         (82,824)

Net loss.........................             --            --        --         (9,301,156)   (9,301,156)
                                        ----------   -----------   -------      -----------   -----------
Total Comprehensive Loss.........                                                              (9,383,980)

</TABLE>
                                                  See accompanying notes.

                                      F-6

<PAGE>



                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                Series A Convertible    Series B Convertible      Series C Convertible
                                   Preferred Stock         Preferred Stock          Preferred Stock
                                 Shares      Amount      Shares       Amount      Shares       Amount
                                 ------      ------      ------       ------      ------       ------
<S>                                  <C>       <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Balances at December 31, 1999..      --         --        --            --           --           --

Issuances of common stock in
   connection with the
   private placement of
   common stock in October
   2000, net of issuance
   costs of $22,527............      --         --        --            --           --           --

Exercise of warrants to
   purchase common stock.......      --         --        --            --           --           --

Exercise of options to
   purchase common stock.......      --         --        --            --           --           --

Fair value of warrants issued
   in Quay acquisition.........      --         --        --            --           --           --

Common stock issued in
   connection with Quay
   acquisition.................      --         --        --            --           --           --

Compensation expense related
   to warrants and options
   granted to non-employees....      --         --        --            --           --           --

Unrealized gain on investments.      --         --        --            --           --           --

Foreign currency translation...      --         --        --            --           --           --

Net loss.......................      --         --        --            --           --           --
                                  -----      -----     -----         -----        -----        -----
Total Comprehensive Loss.......

Balances at December 31, 2000..      --         --        --            --           --           --

Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the
   private placement of
   common stock in June 2001,
   net of issuance
   costs of $184,795...........      --         --        --            --           --           --

Exercise of warrants to
   purchase common stock.......      --         --        --            --           --           --

Exercise of options to
   purchase common stock.......      --         --        --            --           --           --

Common stock issued in
   connection with Vaxis
   acquisition.................      --         --        --            --           --           --

Compensation expense related
   to warrants and options
   granted to non-employees....      --         --        --            --           --           --
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Accumulated     Deficit
                                                                Other      Accumulated
                                                            Comprehensive   During the        Total
                                        Common Stock           Income      Development   Shareholders'
                                    Shares       Amount        (Loss)         Stage         Equity
                                    ------       ------        ------         -----         ------
<S>                               <C>         <C>               <C>       <C>            <C>
Balances at December 31, 1999..   12,010,242  55,367,903        (35,471)  (39,493,612)   15,838,820

Issuances of common stock in
   connection with the
   private placement of
   common stock in October
   2000, net of issuance
   costs of $22,527............    1,500,000  11,602,473           --            --      11,602,473

Exercise of warrants to
   purchase common stock.......       62,833     315,800           --            --         315,800

Exercise of options to
   purchase common stock.......       95,754     380,516           --            --         380,516

Fair value of warrants issued
   in Quay acquisition.........         --       489,477           --            --         489,477

Common stock issued in
   connection with Quay
   acquisition.................      169,224     977,105           --            --         977,105

Compensation expense related
   to warrants and options
   granted to non-employees....         --       601,748           --            --         601,748

Unrealized gain on investments.         --          --            8,201          --           8,201

Foreign currency translation...         --          --           (1,537)         --          (1,537)

Net loss.......................         --          --             --     (11,418,213)  (11,418,213)
                                  ----------  ----------        -------   -----------   -----------
Total Comprehensive Loss.......                                                         (11,411,549)
                                                                                        -----------

Balances at December 31, 2000..   13,838,053  69,735,022        (28,807)  (50,911,825)   18,794,390

Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the
   private placement of
   common stock in June 2001,
   net of issuance
   costs of $184,795...........    2,747,143  15,199,206           --            --      15,199,206

Exercise of warrants to
   purchase common stock.......       12,000      48,000           --            --          48,000

Exercise of options to
   purchase common stock.......       60,803     203,437           --            --         203,437

Common stock issued in
   connection with Vaxi
   acquisition.................      533,612   3,852,630           --            --       3,852,630

Compensation expense related
   to warrants and options
   granted to non-employees....         --       349,516           --            --         349,516

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes

                                      F-7
<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

           Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                 Series A Convertible    Series B Convertible     Series C Convertible
                                   Preferred Stock         Preferred Stock          Preferred Stock
                                  Shares      Amount      Shares      Amount      Shares       Amount
                                  ------      ------      ------      ------      ------       ------
<S>                              <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the
   achievement of Neptune
   milestones..................    ---          ---         ---         ---         ---           ---

Unrealized gain on investments.    ---          ---         ---         ---         ---           ---

Foreign currency translation...    ---          ---         ---         ---         ---           ---

Net loss.......................    ---          ---         ---         ---         ---           ---
                                 -----        -----       -----       -----       -----         -----

Total Comprehensive Loss.......    ---          ---        ---          ---         ---           ---

Balances at December 31, 2001..     --        $  --          --       $  --          --         $  --
                                 =====        =====       =====       =====       =====         =====
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Accumulated       Deficit
                                                            Other        Accumulated
                                                        Comprehensive    During the        Total
                                    Common Stock            Income       Development   Shareholders'
                                 Shares       Amount        (Loss)          Stage          Equity
                                 ------       ------        ------          -----          ------
<S>                              <C>         <C>             <C>            <C>           <C>
Issuance of common stock in
   connection with the
   achievement of Neptune
   milestones..................    104,113      750,000          ---              ---         750,000

Unrealized gain on investments.        ---          ---      130,655              ---         130,655

Foreign currency translation...        ---          ---      (18,390)             ---         (18,390)

Net loss.......................        ---          ---          ---      (19,464,723)    (19,464,723)
                                 ---------   ----------      -------     ------------    ------------

Total Comprehensive Loss.......        ---          ---          ---              ---     (19,352,458)
                                                                                         ------------
Balances at December 31, 2001.. 17,295,724  $90,137,811     $ 83,458     $(70,376,548)   $ 19,844,721
                                ==========  ===========     ========     ============    ============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-8

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
                                                    Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                                                    (a development stage company)

                                                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
<CAPTION>


                                                                                                                      Period from
                                                                                                                      June 26, 1989
                                                                             Years ended December 31,                  (inception)
                                                                 ------------------------------------------------      December 31,
                                                                     2001              2000             1999                2001
                                                                 ------------      ------------      ------------      ------------
<S>                                                              <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Operating activities
Net loss ...................................................     $(19,464,723)     $(11,418,213)     $ (9,301,156)     $(68,928,043)
Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
   operating activities:
   Acquired in-process research and development ............        3,507,134              --                --           7,350,102
   Depreciation and amortization ...........................          530,643           502,470           428,980         1,745,088
   Intangible assets amortization ..........................          358,673           298,351              --             657,024
   Compensation expense related to warrants and
     options granted .......................................          349,516           601,748              --             951,264
   Compensation expense related to the extension of
     option exercise periods ...............................             --                --                --             338,481
   Amortization of discount on notes payable and
     deferred financing costs ..............................             --                --                --              24,261
   Issuance of common shares for services ..................             --                --                --             990,918
   Issuance of common stock for services rendered,
     interest, and Neptune milestones ......................          750,000              --                --             567,503
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets ............           18,732            70,250           407,068          (937,344)
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities .............          450,173           729,227          (931,685)        1,893,403
      Other long term liabilities ..........................          484,826              --            (250,000)          484,826
      Accrued compensation and related expenses ............            5,541            32,850            37,126           144,614
                                                                 ------------      ------------      ------------      ------------
Net cash used in operating activities ......................      (13,009,635)       (9,183,317)       (9,609,667)      (54,718,053)

Investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment ........................         (232,018)         (201,106)         (747,556)       (4,104,245)
Purchases of investments ...................................      (16,789,905)      (10,575,000)      (19,947,556)      (87,890,354)
Sales of investments .......................................        7,500,000         9,549,557         8,525,450        31,468,877
Maturities of investments ..................................        4,980,239        10,500,000         9,015,000        45,617,759
Acquisitions of Vaxis & Quay, net of cash provided
to (acquired) ..............................................         (142,456)         (369,000)             --            (511,456)
                                                                 ------------      ------------      ------------      ------------
Net cash (used in) provided by  investing activities .......       (4,602,652)        8,904,451        (3,154,662)      (15,419,419)

Financing activities
Proceeds from notes payable ................................     $       --        $       --        $  1,279,187      $  8,047,424
Repayment of notes payable .................................         (880,070)       (3,152,828)         (465,102)       (6,610,608)
Other long-term liabilities ................................             --            (218,993)          138,737)             --
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock .................       15,450,643        12,298,789        11,004,770        63,431,568
Other assets ...............................................             --            (613,999)             --            (613,999)
Issuance of convertible preferred stock, net of
   issuance costs ..........................................             --                --                --          11,757,735
Deferred financing costs ...................................             --                --                --             (80,170)
                                                                 ------------      ------------      ------------      ------------
Net cash provided by financing activities ..................       14,568,573         8,312,969        11,957,592        75,931,950
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ..................       (3,043,714)        8,034,103          (806,737)     $  5,795,378
                                                                                                                       ============
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period .............        8,838,192           804,089         1,610,826              --
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period ...................     $  5,795,378      $  8,838,192      $    804,089      $  5,795,378
                                                                 ============      ============      ============      ============

</TABLE>

                                                                F-9

<PAGE>



                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                       Period from June
                                                                                                       26, 1989 through
                                                                                                         December 31,
                                                            2001          2000            1999              2001
                                                            ----          ----            -----             ----
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>             <C>                <C>
Supplemental cash flow information
Interest Paid......................................... $      27,281  $      200,689  $      362,735     $   612,851
                                                       =============  ==============  ==============     ===========
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions:
Issuance of common stock in connection with
   acquired-in-process technology..................... $   3,507,134  $         --    $         --       $ 7,350,102

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock......... $        --    $         --    $         --       $14,715,474
                                                       =============  ==============  ==============     ===========

Issuance of common stock for notes payable............ $        --    $         --    $         --       $   277,250
                                                       =============  ==============  ==============     ===========

Issuance of warrants in connection with notes payable
   financing.......................................... $        --    $         --    $         --       $   487,333
                                                       =============  ==============  ==============     ===========
Issuance of convertible preferred stock for notes
   payable............................................ $        --    $         --    $         --       $ 1,268,316
                                                       =============  ==============  ==============     ===========

Issuance of common stock for milestone payments....... $     750,000  $         --    $         --       $   750,000
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-10




<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1.   Accounting Policies

Description of Business and Principles of Consolidation

     The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  accounts of Cellegy
Pharmaceuticals,  Inc. and its  subsidiaries  (the  "Company").  All significant
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

     The  Company  was  incorporated  in  California  in  June  1989  and  is  a
development  stage  company.  Since  its  inception,  the  Company  has  engaged
primarily in research and clinical  development  activities  associated with its
current and  potential  future  products and its  transdermal  drug delivery and
topical  formulation  expertise.  The Company has conducted a number of clinical
trials using its products,  including the preparation of  manufactured  clinical
materials.  A  number  of  sponsored,   external  research  programs  have  been
undertaken.

Use of Estimates

     The  preparation of  consolidated  financial  statements in conformity with
accounting   principles   generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in
the financial  statements and  accompanying  notes.  Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition and Research and Development Expenses

     Revenues  related  to  cost  reimbursement   provisions  under  development
contracts are recognized as the costs associated with the projects are incurred.
Revenues  related  to  milestones  specified  under  development  contracts  are
recognized as the milestones are achieved.  The Company  receives certain United
States government  grants that support the Company's  research effort in defined
research projects.  These grants generally provide for reimbursement of approved
costs incurred as defined in the various grants.  Revenues associated with these
grants are recognized as costs under each grant are incurred.  Revenues  related
to  product  sales are  recognized  upon  shipment  when title to goods has been
transferred  to the  customer.  There is no right of return for  product  sales.
Receivables are collected within thirty days of shipment.

     Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.  The type of costs
included in research and  development  expenses  include  salaries and benefits,
laboratory supplies,  external research programs, clinical studies and allocated
costs such as rent, supplies and utilities.

     Clinical trial expenses are payable to clinical sites and clinical research
organizations.  Expenses for both of these groups are accrued on a straight-line
basis over the contracted period subject to adjustment for actual activity based
on such factors as the number of subjects  enrolled and number of subjects  that
have  completed  treatment  for each trial.  A monthly  reconciliation  of costs
accrued to cost incurred is performed by Cellegy's clinical project managers and
the finance department.

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments

     Cash  equivalents  consist  of highly  liquid  financial  instruments  with
original maturities of three months or less. The carrying value of cash and cash
equivalents  approximates  fair value at December 31, 2001 and 2000. The Company
considers  all  its   investments  as   available-for-sale   and  reports  these
investments at estimated fair market value using available  market  information.
Unrealized  gains or losses on  available-for-sale  securities  are  included in
shareholders'   equity  as  other   comprehensive   income  (loss)  until  their
disposition. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification
method.  Realized  gains or losses and declines in value judged to be other than
temporary on  available-for-sale  securities are included in interest income and
other, net.

     The  Company is subject to credit  risk from its  portfolio  of  marketable
securities. By policy, the Company restricts amounts invested in such securities
by  investment  type and by  issuer  except  for  securities  issued by the U.S.
government.

Property and Equipment

     Property and  equipment are stated at cost less  accumulated  depreciation.
Furniture  and fixtures,  and office and  laboratory  equipment are  depreciated
using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from three to
five years. Amortization for leasehold improvements is taken over the shorter of
the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term.


                                      F-11

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

Goodwill

     Goodwill  that is related to the purchase of Quay  Pharmaceuticals  in June
2000,  included in intangible assets,  represents the excess purchase price over
the fair value of net assets  acquired  which was being  amortized over 10 years
using the  straight-line  method.  The  carrying  value of  goodwill is based on
management's current assessment of recoverability using objective and subjective
factors.

     Amortization  taken  to date as of  December  31,  2001  was  approximately
$652,000.  Effective  January 1, 2002,  the Company will no longer  amortize the
remaining  balance of goodwill of $814,400  but will assess  goodwill,  at least
annually, for impairment. (see New Accounting Standards below).

Stock-Based Compensation

     The  Company  accounts  for its  stock  option  grants in  accordance  with
Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion No. 25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to
Employees"  ("APB 25") and related  Interpretations.  The Company has elected to
follow the  disclosure-only  alternative  prescribed  by  Statement of Financial
Accounting  Standards No. 123,  "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation" ("FAS
123").  Under APB 25, because the exercise price of the Company's employee stock
options equals the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant, no
compensation  expense  is  recognized.   Compensation  for  options  granted  to
non-employees  has been  determined in accordance with FAS 123 at the fair value
of the equity instruments issued.

Foreign Currency Translation

     The foreign subsidiaries  functional currencies are their local currencies.
The gains and  losses  resulting  from  translating  the  foreign  subsidiaries'
financial  statements into US dollars have been reported in other  comprehensive
income (loss).

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

     Comprehensive  income (loss)  consists of net loss and other  comprehensive
income (loss).  Accumulated other  comprehensive  income (loss) presented in the
consolidated  balance sheets  consists of the  accumulated  net unrealized  gain
(loss)  on  available-for-sale  investments  and  foreign  currency  translation
adjustments.

Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share

     Basic net loss per common  share is  computed  using the  weighted  average
number of common  shares  outstanding  during the  period.  Diluted net loss per
common  share  incorporates  the  incremental  shares  issued  upon the  assumed
exercise of stock options and warrants,  when  dilutive.  There is no difference
between  basic and  diluted  net loss per  common  share,  as  presented  in the
statement of operations, because all options and warrants are anti-dilutive. The
total number of shares  excluded was 5,041,375,  5,232,337 and 5,386,830 for the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

New Accounting Standards

     In July 2001, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB")  issued
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 141,  "Business  Combinations"
("Statement 141"). This Statement addresses  financial  accounting and reporting
for business combinations. Statement 141 supersedes APB Opinion No. 16, Business
Combinations  (Opinion 16), and amends or supersedes a number of interpretations
of that Opinion.

     Statement 141 requires that (1) all business  combinations be accounted for
by a single method - the purchase method,  (2) all intangible assets acquired in
a business  combination  are to be  recognized  as assets apart from goodwill if
they  meet  one  of  two  criteria  - the  contractual-legal  criterion  or  the
separability  criterion and (3) in addition to the  disclosure  requirements  in
Opinion 16, disclosure of the primary reasons for a business combination and the
allocation  of the purchase  price paid to the assets  acquired and  liabilities
assumed  by major  balance  sheet  caption.  When the  amounts of  goodwill  and
intangible  assets  acquired are  significant  in relation to the purchase price
paid,  disclosure of other information  about those assets is required,  such as
the amount of goodwill by reportable segment and the amount

                                      F-12

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


of the  purchase  price  assigned  to each major  intangible  asset  class.  The
provisions of Statement 141 apply to all business  combinations  initiated after
June 30, 2001. The Company adopted the provisions of Statement 141 as of July 1,
2001 for its Vaxis acquisition.

     In July 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No. 142,  "Goodwill and Other  Intangibles"  ("Statement  142"). Under Statement
142, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets are no longer amortized but
are reviewed  annually (or more frequently if impairment  indicators  arise) for
impairment.  Separable  intangible  assets  that  are  not  deemed  to  have  an
indefinite life will continue to be amortized over their estimated useful lives.
Cellegy had  recorded  goodwill  prior to December  31, 2001 related to the Quay
acquisition.  The adoption of this statement as of January 1, 2002 will decrease
amortization expense by approximately  $97,000 per year for 2002 through 2009 as
that goodwill will no longer be amortized.

     In October 2001, the Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 144,  "Accounting  for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets"  ("Statement  144"),  which addresses  financial
accounting  and reporting for the  impairment or disposal of long-lived  assets.
Statement 144 is effective for fiscal years beginning after January 1, 2002. The
Company adopted  Statement 144 as of January 1, 2002 and it does not expect that
the adoption of the Statement  will have a  significant  impact on the Company's
financial position and results of operations.

Reclassification

Certain prior year balances have been reclassified for comparative purposes.

2.       Investments

         At December 31, 2001 and 2000, investments consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              2001                                             2000
                          ---------------------------------------------    --------------------------------------------
                                            Gross                                             Gross
                                          Unrealized       Estimated                        Unrealized     Estimated
                              Cost          Gains          Fair Value           Cost          Gains        Fair Value
                              ----          -----          ----------           ----          -----        ----------
<S>                       <C>           <C>                <C>             <C>           <C>              <C>
Corporate notes.........  $ 6,678,378   $    79,642        $ 6,758,020     $   999,836   $    (8,879)     $  990,957

U.S. government notes...    2,000,000        22,500          2,022,500       1,997,971       (18,391)      1,979,580

Commercial paper........    2,000,000          --            2,000,000       3,500,000          --         3,500,000
                          -----------   -----------        -----------     -----------   -----------      ----------
                          $10,678,378   $   102,142        $10,780,520     $ 6,497,807   $   (27,270)     $6,470,537
                          ===========   ===========        ===========     ===========   ===========      ==========
</TABLE>

     There have been no  significant  gross realized gains or losses on the sale
of available-for-sale securities for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000.
All  available-for-sale  securities at December 31, 2001 have maturities between
twelve months through thirty six months from the balance sheet date.

3.       Property and Equipment

         Property and equipment consist of the following:




                                      F-13
<PAGE>




                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

                                                            December 31,
                                                         2001           2000
                                                     -----------    ------------
Furniture and fixtures...........................    $   178,926    $   175,271
Office equipment.................................        242,233        173,419
Laboratory equipment.............................        742,882        662,506
Leasehold improvements...........................      2,917,075      2,919,390
                                                     -----------    -----------
                                                       4,081,116      3,930,586
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization...     (1,613,209)    (1,082,566)
                                                     -----------    -----------
                                                     $ 2,467,907    $ 2,848,020
                                                     ===========    ===========


4.   Note Payable

     In June 1998,  the Company  entered  into a loan  agreement  with a bank to
provide up to $4.5 million  through  December 1999 with interest  rates equal to
the bank's  prime rate plus one  percentage  point.  The Company was required to
repay the principal amount borrowed in 48 equal monthly  installments  ending in
July 2003. In December 1999, the loan was amended to include a revolving  credit
line allowing the Company to pay down principal balances at any time or increase
its  borrowing up to a maximum of $2.5 million at an interest  rate equal to the
bank's  prime rate plus 0.75%.  The fair value of the note  payable is estimated
based on current  interest rates  available to the Company for debt  instruments
with similar  terms,  degrees of risk,  and remaining  maturities.  The carrying
value of the note approximated its fair value. As of December 31, 2001, the note
payable was fully repaid.

5.   Lease Commitments

     The   Company   leases  its   facilities   and  certain   equipment   under
non-cancelable  operating leases.  Future minimum lease payments,  net of future
minimum sublease income at December 31, 2001, are as follows:

                                                     Lease
                   Years ending December 31,      Commitments
                 ------------------------------ ----------------
                 2002..........................    1,487,927
                 2003..........................    1,595,976
                 2004..........................    1,726,431
                 2005..........................    1,885,690
                 2006..........................    2,082,131
                 Thereafter....................    4,990,577
                                                 -----------
                                                 $13,768,732
                                                 ===========

     Rental expense,  net of sublease income,  was $1,653,337,  $1,817,427,  and
$1,815,502 for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999,  respectively.
The Company received  $896,896 in sublease income during the year ended December
31, 2001.

     Restricted  cash at December 31, 2001 and 2000 was  approximately  $614,000
and secures two letters of credit related to our leases.

6.   401(k) Plan

     The Company maintains a savings and retirement plan under Section 401(k) of
the Internal  Revenue Code.  All employees are eligible to  participate on their
first  day of  employment  with the  Company.  Under  the  plan,  employees  may
contribute  up to 15% of salaries  per year  subject to  statutory  limits.  The
Company provides a matching  contribution equal to 25% of the employee's rate of
contribution,  up to a maximum  contribution rate of 4% of the employee's annual
salary. Expenses related to the plan for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000
and 1999 were not significant.

7.   Acquisitions, Licenses and Other Agreements

     Acquisitions

                                      F-14
<PAGE>



                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

     In December  1997,  the Company  acquired  patent and related  intellectual
property  rights  relating to Cellegesic  (the  "Agreement"),  a topical product
candidate  for the  treatment  of anal  fissures  and  hemorrhoids  from Neptune
Pharmaceuticals  Corporation ("Neptune").  Under the terms of the Agreement, the
Company  issued  429,752 shares of common stock to Neptune on December 31, 1997.
Upon the  signing of a letter of intent on November  3, 1997,  33,057  shares of
common  stock  were  issued  to  Neptune.  The  Agreement  calls for a series of
additional  payments,  payable  in  shares  of  common  stock,  upon  successful
completion of various development  milestones.  Upon completion of milestones in
2001, the Company issued 104,113 shares of common stock valued at $750,000 which
has  been  recorded  to  research  and  development   expenses.   The  remaining
milestones,  if  achieved,  would become  payable  over the next several  years.
Depending on several  factors,  including  the market price of the common stock,
such  payments,  which are fixed  based on the  Agreement,  could  result in the
issuance of a  significant  number of shares of common stock.  Future  potential
milestones payable in Cellegy common stock could result in the issuance of up to
an  additional  1,284,000  shares  of  Cellegy  common  stock  based worth up to
approximately  $9,750,000,  on the  closing  price of  Cellegy  stock at time of
issuance.  The Agreement  does not provide for the payment by the Company of any
future product royalties in connection with sales of Cellegesic.

     In June 2000, Cellegy acquired all assets of Quay  Pharmaceuticals  Pty Ltd
("Quay"),  an Australian  pharmaceutical  company producing  Rectogesic,  a drug
similar to  Cellegesic.  The  acquired  assets  consisted  of Quay's  inventory,
purchased at Quay's cost at the time of  acquisition,  other tangible assets and
purchased  technology.  The aggregate purchase price of $1,835,000  included the
aggregate  value of the 169,224  shares of Cellegy  common  stock issued to Quay
with a value of $977,000,  warrants to purchase  171,146  shares of common stock
with a fair value of $489,000, and cash payments of $369,000. The purchase price
was  allocated to the net tangible  assets of $97,000,  purchased  technology of
$770,000, and goodwill of $968,000,  based on their estimated fair values on the
acquisition  date.  Purchased  technology and goodwill were being amortized over
three and ten  years,  respectively.  Following  the  adoption  of FAS 142,  the
goodwill will no longer be amortized as of January 1, 2002. This transaction has
been  accounted for by the purchase  method of accounting and  accordingly,  the
approximated  purchase price,  shown above, has been allocated to the net assets
acquired and the  liabilities  assumed based on the estimated fair values at the
date of  acquisition,  with the excess of the purchase price over assigned asset
values recorded as goodwill.  The results of operating the acquired company have
been  included in the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  since the
acquisition date.

     On November  27,  2001,  Cellegy  acquired  Vaxis  Therapeutics,  a private
Canadian company. Vaxis, renamed Cellegy Canada, is a small early stage research
and  development  entity with access to  pre-eminent  scientists in the areas of
sexual dysfunction, peripheral vascular disorders and nitric oxide pharmacology.
The acquisition of this research is in line with the Company's goal of expanding
its pipeline of products and protecting its patents.  The purchase price of $4.1
million  consisted of 533,612  shares of common stock and $142,000 in cash.  The
purchase price was allocated as follows: $350,000 to intangible assets, $250,000
to  tangible  assets  and  $3,500,000  to  acquired   in-process   research  and
development.  The acquired technology was in an early stage of development that,
as of the acquisition date,  technological  feasibility had not been reached and
no alternative  use existed.  The  assumptions  used in determining the purchase
price  allocation  was a discount  rate of 37% on  probability  of expected cash
flows.  The  intangible  assets will be  amortized  over 5 years,  the period of
contractual obligation.

     The Vaxis purchase agreement  contains earn-out  provisions for seven years
that are based on commercial  sales of any products  developed by the Company or
other   revenues   generated   from  the  acquired   research.   Any  contingent
consideration  paid in the future will be accounted for as a cost of earning the
related  revenues.  The results of operations of the acquired  company have been
included  in  the  Company's   consolidated   financial   statements  since  the
acquisition date.

     Accumulated  amortization  of the Vaxis  intangible  assets at December 31,
2001 was $6,000. The expected  amortization expense for the next five years will
be approximately $68,800 per year.

     Other Agreements

     In  October  1993,  Cellegy  entered  into a  license  agreement  with  the
University of California providing for an exclusive,  worldwide, royalty bearing
license,  subject to customary  government rights, for patent rights relating to
barrier  repair  formulations  jointly held by the  University  and Cellegy,  in
consideration  of the issuance to the  University of certain shares of preferred
stock (which subsequently converted into shares of common stock) and the payment
by Cellegy of a licensing fee. In March 1994, Cellegy entered into an exclusive,
worldwide,  royalty  bearing  license  agreement  with the University for patent
rights,  jointly held by the University of California  and Cellegy,  relating to
certain drug delivery  technologies,  in consideration of the payment by Cellegy
of a  licensing  fee,  and an annual  maintenance  fee  payable  each year until
Cellegy is commercially  selling a licensed product. The Company is currently in
the process of terminating  the exclusive  license for patent rights relating to
drug delivery technologies.  Following the termination, each of the joint owners
of the patent

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

rights will retain non-exclusive rights to the patents. The termination of these
licenses  reflects,  in part, a shift towards  development  of products from the
Company's  own research  efforts in areas  believed to have the  potential to be
more commercially viable.

     In August 2001,  Cellegy  announced a  comprehensive  agreement with Ventiv
Integrated Solutions,  a division of Ventiv Health, Inc. ("Ventiv"),  a contract
sales  organization.  Under the control and  direction  of Cellegy,  Ventiv will
provide certain sales and marketing

services  relating to the  anticipated  launch of Cellegesic,  including a sales
force  of  approximately  75  representatives.  Ventiv  will  advance  up to $10
million, the amount and timing depending on various circumstances, to Cellegy to
cover pre-launch and launch expenses.  In return,  the agreement provides Ventiv
with a share of  Cellegesic  profits  with  Cellegy  retaining  more than 80% of
product operating profit over the six-year life of the agreement. Activity under
the agreement was minimal through December 31, 2001.

9.   Shareholders' Equity

Common Stock Private Placements

     In July 1999,  Cellegy completed a private placement of 1,616,000 shares of
common  stock at a price of $6.25  per share to a small  group of  institutional
investors and the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer.  Net proceeds
were $10,038,000.

     In October 2000,  Cellegy completed a private placement of 1,500,000 shares
of common stock at a price of $7.75 to a group of institutional  investors.  Net
proceeds were $11,602,473.

     In June 2001, we completed a private  placement of approximately  2,700,000
million  shares of common stock at a price of $5.60.  Participants  included two
current investors, Baker/Tisch Investments and GMT Capital, as well as, five new
investors. Net proceeds were $15,199,206.

Preferred Stock

     The Company's Articles of Incorporation  provide that the Company may issue
up to 5,000,000  shares of preferred  stock in one or more series.  The Board of
Directors is authorized to establish  from time to time the numbers of shares to
be included in, and the designation  of, any such shares,  to determine or alter
the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or imposed upon
any wholly  unissued  series of preferred  stock and to increase or decrease the
number of shares of any such series  without  any further  vote or action by the
shareholders.

Stock Option Plans

     In 1995,  Cellegy adopted the Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") to provide
for the issuance of incentive  stock options and  non-statutory  stock  options.
When the Plan was  established,  Cellegy  reserved  700,000 shares for issuance.
From 1996 to 2001,  an  additional  2,750,000  shares were reserved for issuance
under the Plan.

Activity under the Plan is summarized as follows:

                                 Shares         Exercise Price      Weighted
                                  Under             Range           Average
                                 Option           Per Share      Exercise Price
                               ------------ ------------------- ----------------
Balance at January 1, 1999...   1,543,428      $0.46 - $8.81       $5.32
         Granted.............     905,100      $3.69 - $6.25       $4.13
         Canceled............    (124,655)     $3.62 - $8.81       $5.14
         Exercised...........    (136,110)     $0.50 - $7.25       $4.57
                               -----------
Balance at December 31, 1999.   2,187,763      $0.50 - $8.81       $4.82
         Granted.............     191,350      $3.31 - $9.00       $6.21
         Canceled............    (132,718)     $3.00 - $9.00       $5.35
         Exercised...........     (95,754)     $1.81 - $6.25       $3.97
                               -----------
Balance at December 31, 2000.   2,150,641      $0.50 - $9.00       $5.00
         Granted.............     476,000      $4.56 - $15.00      $7.96

                                      F-16
<PAGE>

                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

         Canceled............   (123,634)         $3.69 - $7.87        $5.71
         Exercised...........    (60,803)         $1.81 - $4.62        $3.35
                               -----------
Balance at December 31, 2001.   2,442,204         $0.50 - $15.00       $5.59
                               ===========

     At December 31, 2001,  options to purchase 1,576,834 shares of common stock
were vested and  exercisable at exercise prices ranging from $0.46 to $15.00 per
share. At December 31, 2001,  519,638 options to purchase shares of common stock
were available for future option grants under the Plan.

     The following table summarizes  information about stock options outstanding
and exercisable related to the Plan at December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Options Outstanding                               Options Exercisable
                             ----------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------
                                                         Weighted          Weighted                                Weighted
                                                          Average           Average                                Average
                                 Outstanding at          Remaining         Exercise          Exercisable at        Exercise
   Range of Exercise Price     December 31, 2001     Contractual Life        Price          December 31, 2001       Price
   -----------------------     -----------------     ----------------        -----          -----------------       -----
<S>         <C>     <C>               <C>                <C>                 <C>                  <C>               <C>
            $0.46 - $3.88....         824,424            6.7 years           $3.55                625,358           $3.49
            $4.00 - $6.99....       1,007,180            6.7 years           $5.50                565,701           $5.20
           $7.00 - $15.00....         610,600            7.3 years           $8.49                385,775           $7.50
                                    ---------                                                   ---------
           Total                    2,442,204            6.9 years           $5.59              1,576,834           $5.08
                                    =========                                                   =========
</TABLE>


Director's Stock Option Plan

     In 1995,  Cellegy  adopted  the 1995  Directors'  Stock  Option  Plan  (the
"Directors' Plan") to provide for the issuance of non-qualified stock options to
eligible  outside  Directors.  When the plan was  established,  Cellegy reserved
150,000 shares for issuance. During 2000, Cellegy reserved an additional 100,000
shares for issuance under the Directors' Plan.

Activity under the Directors' Plan is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Shares                     Price                  Weighted
                                                              Under                     Range                  Average
                                                             Option                   Per Share             Exercise Price
                                                        ------------------        -------------------      ------------------
<S>                                                           <C>                       <C>                      <C>
Balance at January 1, 1999.........................          114,000                $3.25 - $8.50                $5.20
         Granted...................................           32,000                    $5.00                    $5.00
         Cancelled.................................          (12,083)               $3.25 - $8.50                $5.46
         Exercised.................................          (21,417)               $3.25 - $8.50                $5.12
                                                           ---------
Balance at December 31, 1999.......................          112,500                $3.25 - $8.50                $5.13
         Granted...................................           70,000                    $4.81                    $4.81
                                                           ---------
Balance at December 31, 2000.......................          182,500                $3.25 - $8.50                $5.01
         Granted...................................           46,000                $5.50 - $6.50                $5.85
                                                           ---------
Balance at December 31, 2001.......................          228,500                $3.25 - $8.50                $7.26
                                                           =========
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2001,  options to purchase  134,999  shares of common stock
were vested and  exercisable at exercise  prices ranging from $3.25 to $8.50 per
share. At December 31, 2001, options to purchase 833 shares of common stock were
available for future option grants under the Directors' Plan.

     The following table summarizes  information about stock options outstanding
and exercisable related to the Directors' Plan at December 31, 2001:

                                      F-17

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Options Outstanding                               Options Exercisable
                             ----------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------
                                                         Weighted          Weighted                                Weighted
                                                          Average           Average                                Average
                                 Outstanding at          Remaining         Exercise          Exercisable at        Exercise
Range of Exercise Price        December 31, 2001     Contractual Life        Price          December 31, 2001       Price
-----------------------        -----------------     ----------------        -----          -----------------       -----
<S>                                  <C>                <C>                 <C>                    <C>             <C>
    $3.25..............              4,000              5.3 years           $3.25                  4,000           $3.25
    $4.50 - $5.50......            206,500              7.1 years           $5.08                129,999           $5.07
    $6.50 - $8.50......             18,000              8.9 years           $6.72                  1,000           $8.50
                                   -------                                                       -------
    Total                          228,500              7.3 years           $5.18                134,999           $5.04
                                   =======                                                       =======
</TABLE>

     The  Company  has  elected  to  follow  APB  Opinion  No.  25  and  related
interpretations  in accounting for its stock options since, as discussed  below,
the alternative fair market value accounting provided for under FAS 123 requires
use of option  valuation models that were not developed for use in valuing stock
options.  Under APB Opinion No. 25, if the exercise price of the Company's stock
options  is equal to the  market  price of the  underlying  stock on the date of
grant,  no  compensation  expense is recognized  related to employee or director
grants.

     Pro forma  information  regarding net loss and net loss per common share is
required by FAS 123, which requires that the information be determined as if the
Company has accounted for its common stock options granted under the fair market
value method. The fair market value of options granted has been estimated at the
date of the grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model.

     The  Company  valued  its  options  using the  following  weighted  average
assumptions for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              2001                   2000                  1999
                                                          -------------          -------------         --------------
<S>                                                           <C>                   <C>                    <C>
           Risk-free interest rate....................        3.5%                  6.00%                  5.54%
           Dividend yield.............................         0%                     0%                    0%
           Volatility.................................        0.60                   0.91                  0.83
           Expected life of options in years..........        4.3                    4.3                    3.7

</TABLE>

     The  Black-Scholes   option  valuation  model  was  developed  for  use  in
estimating  the fair  market  value  of  traded  options  that  have no  vesting
restrictions and are fully  transferable.  In addition,  option valuation models
require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock
price  volatility.  Because the  Company's  stock  options have  characteristics
significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the
subjective  input  assumptions  can  materially  affect  the fair  market  value
estimate.  In  management's  opinion,  the  existing  models do not  necessarily
provide a reliable single measure of the fair market value of its stock options.

     For  purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the  estimated  fair value of the
options is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period.  The Company's
pro forma information for the years ended December 31 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2001                   2000                   1999
                                                      -----------------      -----------------      -----------------
<S>                                                   <C>                    <C>                    <C>
        Net loss as reported........................  $  (19,464,723)        $   (11,418,213)       $    (9,301,156)
        Pro forma net loss..........................  $  (22,152,474)        $   (13,105,202)       $   (10,612,716)
        Basic and diluted net loss as reported......  $        (1.43)        $         (0.91)       $         (0.85)
        Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per
           share applicable to common shareholders..  $        (1.26)        $         (1.04)       $         (0.97)

</TABLE>
                                      F-18

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

     The weighted  average grant date fair value of options  granted  during the
years  ended  December  31,  2001,  2000,  and 1999 was $5.33,  $4.30 and $2.47,
respectively.  The weighted average remaining  contractual life of those options
is 6.8 years,  7.2 years and 8.1 years during the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999, respectively.

     The effects of applying FAS 123 pro forma  disclosures are not likely to be
representative of the effects on reported net loss for future years.

Shares reserved

     As of December  31, 2001,  the Company has reserved  shares of common stock
for future issuance as follows:

         Warrants............................          635,700
         Stock Option Plans..................        3,191,175
         Neptune Agreement...................        1,285,000
                                                     ---------
         Total...............................        5,041,375
                                                     =========


10.  Income Taxes

     At December 31, 2001 the Company had net operating  loss  carryforwards  of
approximately  $58,000,000  and  $10,000,000  for  federal  and state  purposes,
respectively.  The federal net operating loss  carryforwards  expire between the
years 2004 and 2021. The state net operating loss  carryforwards  expire between
the years 2002 and 2005. At December 31, 2001, the Company also had research and
development  credit  carryforwards of approximately  $1,300,000 and $900,000 for
federal and state purposes, respectively. The federal credits expire between the
years 2006 and 2021. Pursuant to the "change in ownership" provisions of the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, utilization of the Company's net operating loss and research
and development tax credit  carryforwards  may be limited if a cumulative change
of  ownership of more than 50% occurs  within any  three-year  period.  Deferred
income taxes  reflect the net tax effects of temporary  differences  between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting purposes and
the  amounts  used  for  income  tax  purposes.  Significant  components  of the
Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets are as follows

                                                         December 31,
                                              ----------------------------------
                                                    2001               2000
                                              ------------------ ---------------
        Deferred tax assets:
           Net operating loss carryforwards.. $   20,200,000      $  15,400,000
           Credit carryforwards..............      1,900,000          1,600,000
           Capitalized intangibles...........      1,800,000          1,200,000
           Other, net........................        300,000            400,000
                                              --------------      -------------
        Total deferred tax assets............     24,200,000         18,600,000
        Valuation allowance..................    (24,200,000)       (18,600,000)
                                              --------------      -------------
        Net deferred tax assets.............. $          ---      $         ---
                                              ==============      =============

     The valuation  allowance for deferred tax assets for 2001,  2000,  and 1999
increased by approximately $5,700,000, $3,500,000, and $3,800,000, respectively.


11.  Segment Reporting

     The Company has two business segments:  pharmaceuticals and cosmeceuticals.
Pharmaceuticals include primarily research and clinical development expenses for
potential  prescription  products to be marketed  directly by Cellegy or through
corporate  partners.   Current  pharmaceutical  revenues  consist  primarily  of
Rectogesic  sales in Australia.  The Company expects to complete other corporate
collaborations  in the  future  for a  number  of its  potential  pharmaceutical
products,  which may result in milestones,  development funding and royalties on
sales.  Cellegy  expects to generate  future  revenues on potential  products it
intends to self-market.

                                      F-19

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

     The cosmeceutical  business segment includes primarily development expenses
for non-prescription anti-aging products. Using related technologies, Cellegy is
currently incurring  development expenses and receiving all of its product sales
from one  customer,  Gryphon  Development,  Inc.,  which is  selling  one of the
company's products,  exclusively in the United States, through a major specialty
retailer.

     Cellegy  allocates  its revenues and  operating  expenses to each  business
segment,  but does not assess segment performance or allocate resources based on
a segment's  assets and,  therefore,  asset  depreciation  and  amortization and
capital expenditures are not reported by segment. The accounting policies of the
reportable  segments  are  the  same  as  those  described  in  the  summary  of
significant accounting policies.

     The  Company's  segments  are  business  units  that will,  in some  cases,
distribute  products to different types of customers through different marketing
programs.  The  potential  future  sales of  cosmeceutical  products  requires a
significantly  different marketing effort than sales of pharmaceutical  products
to  physicians  and  other  traditional  pharmaceutical  distribution  channels.
Pharmaceutical  products require more extensive  clinical testing and ultimately
regulatory approval by the FDA and other worldwide health registration agencies,
requiring a more extensive  level of development,  manufacturing  and compliance
than a cosmeceutical product.

     The following table contains  information  regarding revenues and operating
income  (loss) of each business  segment for the years ended  December 31, 2001,
2000, and 1999:

                                              Years ended December 31,
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                     2001              2000            1999
                                  ------------     ------------     -----------
Revenues:
         Pharmaceuticals......    $    217,439     $    196,434     $   147,279
         Cosmeceuticals.......         660,052        1,389,189         897,859
                                  ------------     ------------     -----------
                                  $    877,491     $  1,585,623     $ 1,045,138
                                  ============     ============     ===========
Operating Income (Loss):
         Pharmaceuticals......    $(21,021,796)    $(13,114,538)    $(9,888,212)
         Cosmeceuticals.......          52,427        1,127,139          85,914
                                  ------------     ------------     -----------
                                  $(20,969,369)    $(11,987,399)    $(9,802,298)
                                  ============     ============     ===========


Revenue from Major Customer

     Revenues from product sales to one customer represented  approximately 75%,
88%, and 86% of consolidated revenue for 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

     Total assets were minimal for the cosmeceutical segment.

Geographic data

     Approximately  25% of our total  revenues are from sales of  Rectogesic  in
Australia. All other sales are in the United States.

12.  Related Party Transactions

     We have paid fees to the Company's  board members for their services on the
board, audit committee and compensation committee.  The total fees paid to these
directors  during  2001,  2000 and  1999  were  $30,000,  $46,500  amd  $57,750,
respectively.

     Additional  consulting  fees  were  paid to two  board  members  based on a
consulting  agreement.  These  were  $80,000  and  $66,000  for 2001  and  2000,
respectively.

     We have also recognized $100,888 in compensation  expense during 2001 for a
consulting  agreement  with a current  board  member.  The Company  issued stock
options to this board member for his consulting services.

13.  Quarterly Financial Data ( unaudited )
     (amounts in thousands except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 2001                        First         Second          Third         Fourth
                                            Quarter        Quarter        Quarter        Quarter         Total
                                         -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
<S>                                         <C>            <C>           <C>              <C>           <C>
Total revenue..........................     $    41        $    53       $   265          $   518       $    877
Operating loss.........................      (4,206)        (4,352)       (4,182)          (8,229)       (20,969)
Net loss...............................      (3,777)        (4,156)       (3,871)          (7,661)       (19,465)
Basic & diluted net loss per common
share..................................     $ (0.27)       $ (0.29)      $ (0.23)         $ (0.47)      $  (1.26)


</TABLE>

                                      F-20

<PAGE>


                          Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                          (a development stage company)

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 2000                        First         Second          Third          Fourth
                                            Quarter        Quarter        Quarter         Quarter          Total
                                         -------------- -------------- --------------- -------------- --------------
<S>                                        <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>             <C>
Total revenue..........................    $   530         $   132       $   626         $   298         $  1,586
Operating loss.........................     (1,981)         (2,894)       (3,122)         (3,990)         (11,987)
Net loss...............................     (1,915)         (2,690)       (3,059)         (3,754)         (11,418)
Basic & diluted net loss per common
share..................................    $ (0.16)        $ (0.22)      $ (0.25)        $ (0.28)        $  (0.91)


</TABLE>
                                      F-21

<PAGE>

ITEM 9:           CHANGES IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
                  AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES.
 None.

                                       21


<PAGE>


                                    PART III

ITEM 10:          DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Information  required by this Item with respect to directors and compliance
with Section  16(a) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 may be found in the
sections captioned "Election of Cellegy Directors" and "Compliance under Section
16(a) of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934" appearing in the definitive Proxy
Statement  (the "2002 Proxy  Statement")  to be  delivered  to  shareholders  in
connection with the Annual Meeting of  Shareholders  expected to be held on June
5, 2002.  Such  information  is  incorporated  herein by reference.  Information
required by this Item with respect to executive  officers may be found in Part I
hereof in the section captioned "Executive Officers of the Registrant."

ITEM 11:          EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Information with respect to this Item may be found in the section captioned
"Executive   Compensation"   appearing  in  the  2002  Proxy  Statement  and  is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12:          SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     Information with respect to this Item may be found in the section captioned
"Security  Ownership of Certain  Beneficial Owners and Management"  appearing in
the 2002 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13:          CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Information with respect to this Item may be found in the section captioned
"Certain  Relationships  and Related  Transactions"  appearing in the 2002 Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.


                                       22


<PAGE>


                                     PART IV

ITEM 14:       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     Exhibits

     (a) The following  exhibits are attached hereto or  incorporated  herein by
         reference:


   Exhibit
   Number       Exhibit Title
   ------       -------------

     2.1       Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated  December  31, 1997 between the
               Company and  Neptune  Pharmaceutical  Corporation.  (Confidential
               treatment  has been  granted  with  respect to  portions  of this
               agreement.)  (Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.4 of the
               Company's  Registration  Statement on Form S-3 file no. 333-46087
               on February 11, 1998.

     3.1       Amended and Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  of the Company.
               (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.2 to  the  Company's
               Registration  Statement on Form SB-2  (Registration  No. 33-93288
               LA) declared effective on August 11, 1995 (the "SB-2").)

     3.2       Bylaws of the Company.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3
               to the SB-2.)

     4.1       Specimen Common Stock Certificate.  (Incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 4.1 to the SB-2.)

    10.1       License Agreement,  dated March 4, 1994,  regarding Drug Delivery
               by Skin Barrier Disruption, between the Company and University of
               California.  (Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.6 to the
               SB-2.)

   *10.2       1992 Stock  Option  Plan.  (Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
               10.12 to the SB-2.)

    10.5       Warrant Agreement dated as of February 10, 1995. (Incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the SB-2.)

    10.6       Agency Agreement dated as of February 10, 1995.  (Incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the SB-2.)

   *10.7       1995 Equity Incentive Plan  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.17 to the  Annual  Report on Form  10-KSB  for the year  ended
               December 31, 1995 (the "1995 Form 10-KSB").)

   *10.8       1995 Directors'  Stock Option Plan  (Incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 10.18 to the 1995 Form 10-KSB.)

    10.9       Loan and Security  Agreement  between Silicon Valley Bank and the
               Company dated June 10, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.01 to the Company's  Form 10-QSB for the fiscal  quarter ended
               June 30, 1998.)

   10.10       Lease  Agreement  between the Company and  TCNorthern  California
               Inc.  dated April 8, 1998  (Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
               10.01 to the Company's Form 10-QSB for fiscal quarter ended March
               31, 1998.)

  *10.11       Employment Agreement dated November 20, 1996, between the Company
               and K.  Michael  Forrest.  (Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
               10.19 to the Company's Form 10-KSB for fiscal year ended December
               31, 1996 (the "1996 Form 10-KSB".)

   10.12      Services  Agreement  dated as of August 10, 2001 by and among the
               Company,  Ventiv Health Inc. and VIS Financial LLC. (Confidential
               treatment  has been  requested  with  respect to portions of this
               agreement.)

   10.13       Funding  Arrangement  dated  August  10,  2001 by and  among  the
               Company,  Ventiv Health Inc. and VIS Financial LLC. (Confidential
               treatment  has been  requested  with  respect to portions of this
               agreement.)

   10.14       Share  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of November 27, 2001, by and
               among the Company,  Vaxis  Therapeutics  Corporation  and certain
               stockholders of Vaxis.


                                       23

<PAGE>

    23.1       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.

    24.1       Power of Attorney (See signature page.)

    27.1       Financial Data Schedule.

*  Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

     (b) Reports on Form 8-K

     One report on Form 8-K was filed by  Cellegy on January 3, 2002  announcing
our acquisition of Vaxis  Therapeutics  and our submission of the NDA supplement
with the FDA in December 2001.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     (c)Financial Statement Schedules

     All  schedules  are  omitted  because  they are not  applicable  or are not
     required,  or the information  required to be set forth therein is included
     in the financial statements or notes thereto.


                                       24


<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,  thereunto duly  authorized,  in the
City of South San Francisco, State of California, on the 12th of March, 2002.



                                 CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

                                 By:       /s/ K. Michael Forrest
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                           K. Michael Forrest
                                           Chairman, President and Chief
                                           Executive Officer


                                Power of Attorney

     Each person whose signature  appears below constitutes and appoints each of
K. Michael  Forrest and A. Richard  Juelis,  true and lawful  attorneys-in-fact,
each with the power of substitution,  for him in any and all capacities, to sign
amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same,  with all exhibits
thereto and other  documents in connection  therewith,  with the  Securities and
Exchange   Commission,   hereby   ratifying   and   conforming   all  that  said
attorneys-in-fact,  or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done
by virtue thereof.

     Pursuant to the  requirements  of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,  this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


              Name                            Title                            Date
              ----                            -----                            ----

Principal Executive Officer:

<S>                                   <C>                                 <C>
        /s/ K. Michael Forrest        Chairman, President, Chief          March 12, 2002
----------------------------------    Executive Officer
         K. Michael Forrest

Principal Financial Officer
and Principal Accounting Officer:

        /s/ A. Richard Juelis         Vice President, Finance,            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------    Chief Financial
         A. Richard Juelis            Officer and Secretary

Directors:

        /s/ Carl R. Thornfeldt        Director                            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------
         Carl R. Thornfeldt, M.D.

        /s/ Jack L. Bowman            Director                            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------
         Jack L. Bowman

        /s/ Felix J. Baker            Director                            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------
         Felix J. Baker, Ph.D.

        /s/ Julian C. Baker           Director                            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------
         Julian C. Baker

        /s/ Tobi B. Klar              Director                            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------
         Tobi B. Klar, M.D.

        /s/ Ronald J. Saldarini       Director                            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------
         Ronald J. Saldarini, Ph.D.

        /s/ Alan A. Steigrod          Director                            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------
         Alan A. Steigrod

        /s/ Larry J. Wells            Director                            March 12, 2002
----------------------------------
         Larry J. Wells

</TABLE>


                                       25


<PAGE>







                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   ----------

                                    EXHIBITS

                                       to

                                    Form 10-K




                                      Under

                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


                                   ----------


                          CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.




                                       26


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
