<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>r10k-031.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10K
<TEXT>
                            UNITED STATES
                  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                        Washington, D.C. 20549

                               FORM 10-K

     /x/ Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003
                                  or
   / / Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from __________ to __________

                      Commission File Number 0-9314

                       ACCESS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
          ------------------------------------------------------
          (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         Delaware                              83-0221517
 ------------------------               --------------------------
 (State of Incorporation)               (I.R.S. Employer I.D. No.)

2600 Stemmons Freeway, Suite 176, Dallas, TX              75207
--------------------------------------------           ----------
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)             (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (214) 905-5100

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common Stock, One Cent ($0.01) Par Value Per Share    American Stock Exchange
--------------------------------------------------    -----------------------
             (Title of Class)                         (Name of each exchange
                                                      on which registered)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes __X__  No ____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. _____

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an Accelerated Filer (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).    Yes _____  No __X__

The aggregate market value of the outstanding voting stock held by non-
affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2003 was approximately
$32,651,000.

As of March 22, 2004 there were 15,315,523 shares of Access
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock issued and outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:  Portions of Registrant's Definitive
Proxy Statement filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in
connection with the 2004 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by
reference into Part III of this report. Other references incorporated
are listed in the exhibit list in Part IV of this report.

<PAGE>
                                PART I

ITEM 1.   BUSINESS

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. These statements relate to future events or our future
financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expects,"
"plans," "could", "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts,"
"potential" or "continue" or the negative of such terms or other
comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
including the risks outlined under "Risk Factors," that may cause our or
our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels or
activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements.

Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements. We are under no duty to update
any of the forward-looking statements after the date of filing this Form
10-K to conform such statements to actual results.

Business
--------

Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Access) is a Delaware corporation. We are
an emerging pharmaceutical company focused on developing both novel
low development risk product candidates and technologies with longer-
term major product opportunities.

Together with our subsidiaries, we have proprietary patents or rights to
eight drug delivery technology platforms:

* synthetic polymer targeted delivery,
* vitamin mediated targeted delivery
* vitamin mediated oral delivery,
* bioerodible cross-linker technology,
* mucoadhesive disc technology,
* hydrogel particle aggregate technology,
* Residerm(R) topical delivery, and
* carbohydrate targeting technology.

In addition, we have acquired the amlexanox patents and technology for
the treatment of mucosal and skin disorders, and certain rights to the use
of Topoisomerase I inhibitors in the treatment of HIV infection.

We use our proprietary technology to develop products and product
candidates. Our patents and trade secrets protect our marketed products,
amlexanox 5% paste (marketed under the trade names Aphthasol(R) and
Aptheal(R)) and Zindaclin(R), and our product candidates that are
currently in the drug development phase, polymer platinate (AP 5280),
DACH platinum (AP 5346), OraDisc(TM), and our mucoadhesive liquid
technology.

We are marketing amlexanox 5% paste, the first U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) approved product for the treatment of canker sores,
under the trade name Aphthasol(R) in the United States. In September
2001, Strakan Limited, our United Kingdom partner, received marketing
authorization to market amlexanox 5% paste in the U. K. under the trade
name Aptheal(R). Strakan is in the process of filing and gaining
government approval in all European Union countries under the Mutual
Recognition Procedure. We are developing new formulations and delivery
forms of amlexanox, including mucoadhesive disc delivery.

In addition, Strakan has used our patented Residerm(R) technology to
develop a zinc clindamycin formulation for the treatment of acne. Strakan
began marketing zinc clindamycin in the United Kingdom under the trade
name Zindaclin(R) in March 2002. The process to achieve marketing
authorization for Zindaclin(R) throughout Europe has been initiated, with
approvals in eight European Union countries to date and activities ongoing
to expand approval throughout the European Union.

                                   1
<PAGE>
Key Developments
----------------

On February 24, 2004 we closed a private placement sale of our common
stock pursuant to which we sold 1,789,371 shares of our common stock
at a per share price of $5.40. We received gross proceeds of $9,663,000
from this offering and had expenses of $615,000. The investors also
received 5 year warrants to purchase 447,344 shares of our common stock
at an exercise price of $7.10 per share and the placement agents received
warrants in the offering to purchase 156,481 shares of our common stock
at an exercise price of $5.40 per share. The funds from the private
placement will be used principally for general corporate purposes to
support our operations and to fund clinical development of our portfolio
of product candidates.

On January 8, 2004 we announced that we had signed a licensing
agreement with Wyeth Consumer Healthcare, a division of Wyeth,
granting Wyeth the North American rights to develop and market an OTC
product utilizing our OraDisc(TM) technology pending any required
regulatory approvals. This agreement grants an exclusive license to market
the OraDisc(TM) product in the United States, Canada and Mexico, with
additional rights to extend the marketing rights worldwide.

We were incorporated in Wyoming in 1974 as Chemex Corporation, and
in 1983 we changed our name to Chemex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. We
changed our state of incorporation from Wyoming to Delaware on June
30, 1989. In 1996 we merged with Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a
private Texas corporation, and changed our name to Access
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Our principal executive office is located at 2600
Stemmons Freeway, Suite 176, Dallas, Texas 75207; our telephone
number is (214) 905-5100.

Products
--------

We have used our drug delivery technology platforms to develop the
following products and product candidates:

Marketed Products
-----------------

Aphthasol(R) and Aptheal(R) (Amlexanox 5% Paste)
------------------------------------------------

Amlexanox 5% paste currently is the only drug approved by the FDA for
the treatment of canker sores. Independent market research indicates that
more than 8 million patients visit dentists per year in the United States
with complaints of canker sores. Current estimates indicate that
approximately 20% of the U.S. adult population suffers from canker
sores, of which 15 million patients claim that their canker sores recur.

We completed a Phase IV study in Ireland in November 2000 to determine
if the application of amlexanox 5% paste at the first sign or symptom of
canker sores can abort ulcer formation or further accelerate healing. The
results confirmed that amlexanox 5% paste was effective in preventing the
formation of an ulcer when used at the first sign or symptom of the
disease. If this label extension is approved by regulatory authorities it
could provide a major marketing opportunity to expand use of the product
and to attract sufferers of canker sores to contact medical practitioners to
request the product.

On July 22, 2002, we acquired from GlaxoSmithKline the patents,
trademarks and technology covering the use of amlexanox for the
treatment of mucosal and skin disorders. The two major components of
the acquisition are the US marketing rights to amlexanox 5% paste, which
is currently marketed for the treatment of canker sores under the
trademark Aphthasol(R), and the remaining worldwide marketing rights for
this indication which were the subject of a prior licensing agreement
between the companies.

Our amlexanox 5% paste is marketed in the US as Aphthasol(R). Block
Drug Company had manufactured the 5% amlexanox paste since the
product was approved by the FDA in 1996 in a Puerto Rico facility
certified by the FDA for Good Manufacturing Practices. At such time
when we acquired the US rights to Aphthasol(R), we entered into a Supply
Agreement whereby Block Drug Company was to produce Aphthasol(R) for
us for a defined period of time at its Puerto Rico facility. We were
subsequently advised by Block Drug Company that it is unable to comply
with the terms of the Supply Agreement and that it would not be able to
produce Aphthasol(R) for us. Due to Block Drug Company's production
failure, we had sufficient product to supply wholesalers only through June
2003. We do not anticipate further sales of the product until the second
quarter of 2004. We have selected Contract Pharmaceuticals

                                   2
<PAGE>
Ltd. Canada as our new manufacturer of amlexanox 5% paste and it has produced
initial qualifying batches of the product. Full scale production commenced
in the first quarter of 2004.

Amlexanox 5% paste was approved by regulatory authorities for sale in
the UK and is currently in the approval process in the remaining EU
countries. We licensed manufacturing rights to Strakan, Zambon, Esteve
and Mipharm  for specific countries in Europe. Contract Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. Canada has also been selected as our European supplier of amlexanox
5% paste and a UK filing has been made to approve this facility for
European supply.

We licensed the exclusive United Kingdom and Ireland rights for the sale
and marketing of amlexanox 5% paste for the treatment of canker sores
to Strakan in August 1998. Under the terms of this license, Strakan is
responsible for and will bear all costs associated with the regulatory
approval process, including product registration, for amlexanox in the
United Kingdom and the European Union. Additionally, Strakan will make
milestone payments to us on achievement of performance objectives and
we will receive royalties on product sales of amlexanox.

Strakan received marketing authorization for amlexanox 5% paste in the
United Kingdom in September 2001. Strakan's trade name for the product
is Aptheal(R). We anticipate that the amlexanox 5% paste product should
receive approval throughout Europe in 2004.

An international outlicensing program for amlexanox is ongoing. In
addition to our license agreement with Strakan, licensing agreements have
been executed with Zambon Group for France, Germany, Holland,
Belgium, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Brazil, Columbia and Italy; Meda AB
for Scandinavia, the Baltic states and Iceland; Laboratorios Esteve for
Spain, Portugal and Greece; Mipharm S.p.A. for Italy; and Paladin Labs
Inc. for Canada.

The Therapeutic Products Programme, the Canadian equivalent of the
FDA, has issued a notice of compliance permitting the sale of amlexanox
5% paste, called Apthera(R), in Canada to Paladin Labs Inc., our
Canadian partner.

Residerm(R) A gel - Zindaclin(R) (Zinc-Clindamycin)
---------------------------------------------------

The complexing of zinc to a drug has the effect of enhancing the
penetration of the drug into the skin and the retention of the drug in the
skin. This phenomenon is called the "reservoir effect," and it makes zinc
potentially effective for the delivery of dermatological drugs. We have a
broad patent covering the use of zinc for such purposes. This technology
is called ResiDerm(R).

The first zinc drug complex that we have developed, in conjunction with
Strakan, is zinc clindamycin for the treatment of acne which is marketed
under the trade name Zindaclin(R). Topical acne drugs constitute an
approximately $750 million per year market and clindamycin is a widely
prescribed drug for the treatment of acne. Clinical studies indicate that the
addition of zinc results in Zindaclin(R) being as effective applied once
daily as the market leading clindamycin product applied twice daily. The
activity of zinc and clindamycin, the improved stability of the product and
the potential for zinc to overcome certain bacterial resistance are other
potential product benefits.

In February 1998, we licensed the exclusive worldwide rights for the
manufacturing, sales and marketing of zinc clindamycin pursuant to a
license agreement with Strakan. Under the terms of the license agreement,
Strakan has agreed to fund the development costs of zinc clindamycin and
any additional compounds developed utilizing our zinc patent, including
product registrations. We will share equally in all milestone payments
received from the sublicensing of the compound. In addition, we will
receive a royalty on sales of products based on this technology.

Strakan currently is marketing zinc clindamycin in the United Kingdom
under the trade name Zindaclin(R). The process to achieve marketing
authorization for Zindaclin(R) throughout Europe has been initiated, with
approvals in eight European Union countries to date and activities ongoing
to expand approval throughout the European Union. In addition, in May
2002 Strakan signed a Licensing Agreement with Fujisawa GmbH, which
granted a license to Fujisawa for rights to market Zindaclin(R) in
continental western Europe. In addition, licenses and or distribution
agreements have been signed in other countries.

                                   3
<PAGE>
Milestone Payments And Royalties By Product
-------------------------------------------

The following table reflects aggregate milestone payments received
through December 31, 2003, aggregate possible milestone payments under
agreements signed as of December 31, 2003 and royalties received
through December 31, 2003.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  Milestones                            Royalties
               Received through  Aggregate Possible  Reeived through
   Product         12/31/03          Milestones          12/31/03
-------------  ----------------  ------------------  ---------------
<S>            <C>               <C>                 <C>
Aphthasol(R)       $  752,000         $6,171,000                  -

Zindaclin(R)       $1,335,000         $  897,000         $   46,000

</TABLE>

Products in Development Status
------------------------------

Polymer Platinate
-----------------

Chemotherapy, surgery and radiation are the major components in the
clinical management of cancer patients. Chemotherapy is usually the
primary treatment of hematologic malignancies, which cannot be excised
by surgery. Chemotherapy is increasingly used as an adjunct to radiation
and surgery to improve their effectiveness and serves as the primary
therapy for some solid tumors and metastases. For chemotherapeutic
agents to be effective in treating cancer patients, however, the agent must
reach the target cells in effective quantities with minimal toxicity in
normal tissues.

The current optimal strategy for chemotherapy involves exposing patients
to the most intensive cytotoxic regimens that they can tolerate and
clinicians attempt to design a combination of chemotherapeutic drugs, a
dosing schedule and a method of administration to increase the probability
that cancerous cells will be destroyed while minimizing the harm to
healthy cells. Notwithstanding clinicians' efforts, most current
chemotherapeutic drugs have significant shortcomings that limit the
efficacy of chemotherapy. For example, certain cancers are inherently
unresponsive to chemotherapeutic agents. Alternatively, other cancers may
initially respond, but subgroups of cancer cells acquire resistance to the
drug during the course of therapy and the resistant cells may survive and
cause a relapse. Serious toxicity, including bone marrow suppression,
neuropathy, or irreversible cardiotoxicity, is another limitation of current
anti-cancer drugs that can prevent their administration in curative doses.

Currently, platinum compounds are one of the largest selling categories
of chemotherapeutic agents, with annual sales in excess of $1.9 billion. As
is the case with all chemotherapeutic drugs, the use of such compounds
is associated with serious systemic side effects. The drug delivery goal
therefore is to enhance delivery of the drug to the tumor and minimize the
amount of drug affecting normal organs in the body.

Polymer Platinate (AP 5280)
---------------------------
AP5280 is a chemotherapeutic agent that we believe has the potential to
have significantly superior effectiveness in treating numerous cancers
compared to platinum compounds currently in use. Our patented AP5280
product seeks to achieve this goal by attaching a small platinum molecule
to a large polymer. This method exploits the usually leaky or
hyperpermeable, nature of the cells that line the walls of blood vessels that
feed tumors. The large AP5280 molecule enters the tumor in preference
to other tissues, which do not have leaky or hyperpermeable blood
vessels. In addition, the capillary/lymphatic drainage system of tumors is
not well developed and limited. Thus effective drug delivery combined
with inefficient drainage results in a higher concentration of platinum in
the tumor. This dual effect is called enhanced permeability and retention,
or EPR. In addition, the polymer is designed to shield the platinum from
interactions with normal cells while the drug circulates within the body,
thereby reducing toxicity. The proposed mechanism of how AP5280 is
taken up by tumor cells may bypass known membrane-associated
mechanisms for development of tumor resistance, a common cause of
failure of chemo-therapeutic drugs over the course of treatment.

In animal models, our AP5280 compounds have delivered up to 70 times
the amount of platinum to tumors compared with cisplatin, the standard
platinum formulation used in chemotherapy, at the maximum tolerated
dose. AP5280 was approximately as effective in inhibiting tumor growth
as cisplatin alone at doses up to 10 times less toxic. In terms of dosing,
in animal studies, up to 70 times more platinum has been injected using
our AP5280,

                                   4
<PAGE>
which could be clinically significant as platinum has a steep
dose response curve. Consequently, clinical outcome of platinum
chemotherapy could be greatly improved as a result of the ability to
deliver additional amounts of the drug to the tumor. In addition, the anti-
tumor effect of platinum drugs is generated by the platinum binding to the
DNA, which initiates the process of tumor cell death. In a B16 melanoma
rodent model, it was demonstrated that AP5280 formed at least 11 times
more platinum DNA complexes in tumors than did Carboplatin, the
market leading platinum chemotherapy drug, when both agents were
administered intraveneously at doses which generated equal toxicity.

We have developed the AP5280 clinical formulation, defined the
manufacturing and analytical methods and produced material for clinical
trials. We completed our Phase I human clinical trials for AP5280. The
initial Phase I study protocol was designed to determine the maximum
tolerated dose of AP5280, where the dose-limiting toxicity was identified
using the standard once every three weeks platinum dosing regimen. This
study was conducted at two European sites. The Phase I study findings
confirmed the preclinical data. AP5280 was well tolerated at platinum
doses significantly greater than the clinical doses of currently marketed
platinum drugs.

Based on the results achieved in the Phase I study and preclinical data,
which indicated that AP5280 efficacy was maximized when administered
on a more frequent dosing regimen, Access commenced enrollment in a
Phase I/II study based on a weekly dosing regimen. Utilizing the previous
Phase I data to commence dosing at 1/3rd of the maximum tolerated
dosing every three weeks, the initial phase determined the weekly clinical
dosing. A Phase II study will assess the clinical efficacy of AP5280 as a
single therapy in ovarian cancer patients. The planned study is a multi-
center to be conducted in Europe and will enroll up to 50 patients. The study
started in the fourth quarter of 2002, and the Phase I part of this study was
completed in 2003. We are currently analyzing these Phase I results in order
to plan the Phase II part of the study.

Polymer Platinate (AP 5346) DACH Platinum
-----------------------------------------

The extensive experience we have gained developing AP5280 has been
applied to extend our platinum developments to include the DACH form
of platinum.

Oxaliplatin, another form of DACH platinum, which was initially
approved in France and in Europe in 1999 for the treatment of colorectal
cancer is now also being marketed in the United States and is generating
worldwide sales in excess of $1 billion annually. Carboplatin and
Cisplatin, the most widely prescribed platinum chemotherapy drugs, are
not indicated for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. Oxaliplatin,
in combination with 5-flurouracil and folinic acid is indicated for the first-
line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer in Europe and the U.S. The
colorectal cancer market is a significant opportunity as there are over
500,000 reported new cases annually in the developed world, increasing
at a rate of approximately three percent per year.

In May 2001 we announced the expansion of our polymer platinate
activities to include a development program for the prodrug of oxaliplatin.
We developed a number of formulations, and initial in vitro, acute toxicity
and efficacy data lead to our selection of the lead compound AP5346. An
extensive preclinical package has been developed supporting the
development of AP5346. The ability to inhibit tumor growth has been
evaluated in six preclinical models. Compared with the marketed product
Oxaliplatin, AP5346 showed superiority in a number of these models.
In addition, in a B16 melanoma rodent model, it was demonstrated that
AP5346 formed at least 14 times more platinum DNA complexes in
tumors than did Oxaliplatin and there was approximately 20 times more
platinum delivered to the tumor. We commenced Phase I clinical studies
in a multi-center study being conducted in Europe in the first quarter of
2003, and will enroll approximately 20 patients. The study is expected to
be completed in the second quarter of 2004.

OraDisc(TM)
-----------

Treatment of oral conditions generally relies upon the use of medications
formulated as gels and pastes, which are applied to lesions in the mouth.
The duration of effectiveness of these medications is typically short
because the applied dose is worn away through the mechanical actions of
speaking, eating, and tongue movement, and is washed away by saliva
flow. To address these problems, Access developed a novel, cost-
effective, commercially-viable, mucoadhesive film product that
is bioerodible. This technology, known as OraDisc(TM), comprises a
multi-layered film having an adhesive layer, a central pre-formed film
layer, and a coated backing layer. Depending upon the intended
application, a pharmaceutically active compound can be formulated within
any of these layers, providing

                                  5
<PAGE>
for a wide range of potential applications. The disc is simply applied
by pressing it against the inner surface of the mouth. The disc stays in
place, eroding over a period of time, so that subsequent removal is
unnecessary. The disc delivers the drug over a period of time controlled
by the rate of erosion of the disc, which is in turn controlled by the
formulation of the backing layer.

OraDisc(TM) was initially developed as a drug delivery system to treat
canker sores with the same active ingredient (amlexanox) that is used in
Aphthasol(R). We anticipate that higher amlexanox concentrations will
be achieved at the disease site, increasing the effectiveness of the product,
called OraDisc(TM) A.

A Phase I tolerance study to evaluate skin irritation of this formulation
was successfully completed in 1999 and a pilot Phase II study evaluating
the oral wound healing capacity of OraDisc(TM) A was completed in
January 2000 with both studies generating positive results.

An Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, was filed with the
FDA in April 2000 and a 400 patient placebo-controlled multi-center study
evaluating OraDisc(TM) A for the treatment of established canker sores
was completed in December 2000. In the study, three groups were
evaluated; patients were treated with active OraDisc(TM) A, placebo disc
and no treatment. The primary clinical endpoint which evaluated complete
healing on day 5 was achieved, with accelerated healing with
OraDisc(TM) A being statistically significant, compared with both the
placebo and no treatment groups.

A second Phase III study evaluating OraDisc(TM) A for the treatment of
established canker sores has been completed. The Phase III study enrolled
700 patients at 28 sites throughout the US. The study was a double-blind
placebo controlled study with three arms which compares the active disc
to placebo and to no treatment. Pediatric patients were enrolled in this
study with the objective of expanding the label to include use in patients
12 years and older. In addition to the Phase III study a 28 day safety study
and a pharmacokinetic study have also been conducted.

In December 2003 we submitted a new drug application ("NDA") to the
FDA and in February 2004 we were notified by the FDA that it was
accepted for filing.

We have continued to develop the OraDisc(TM) technology, and we have
generated or are exploring additional prototype drug delivery
products, including those for pain palliation in the oral cavity, gingivitis,
cough and cold treatment, breath freshener, and the oral delivery of drugs
for patients with swallowing difficulties. In January 2004, we announced
the signing of an agreement with Wyeth Consumer Healthcare for the
development of an OTC product based upon the OraDisc(TM) technology.

Mucoadhesive Liquid Technology (MLT)
------------------------------------

Mucositis is a debilitating condition involving extensive inflammation of
mouth tissue that affects an estimated 550,000 cancer patients in the
United States undergoing chemotherapy and radiation treatment. Any
treatment that would accelerate healing and/or diminish the rate of
appearance would have a significant beneficial impact on the quality of life
of these patients and may allow for more aggressive chemotherapy. The
potential worldwide market size for products to treat mucositis is
estimated to be in excess of $1.5 billion.

We filed an IND with the FDA in December 1999 and developed a Phase
II protocol to investigate a mouthwash formulation for the prevention and
treatment of mucositis in head and neck cancer patients treated with
radiation with or without chemotherapy. Over 90% of head and neck
cancer patients treated with radiation and chemotherapy experience
mucositis. This study commenced in the first quarter of 2000. We enrolled
58 patients in the initial study which was performed at multiple sites
throughout the United States.

In July 2001, we announced results from our Phase II randomized clinical
study of the prevention and treatment of mucositis. The data developed
confirmed that our mucoadhesive liquid technology (MLT) could be a
platform technology and appears to represent an important advancement
in the management and prevention of mucositis.

The data were retrospectively compared with two historical patient
databases to evaluate the potential advantages  that this technology may
represent in the  prevention, treatment and management of mucositis. The
patient evaluation was conducted using the oral mucositis assessment
scale, which qualifies the disease severity on a scale of 0-5. Key
highlights of the comparison with the historical patient databases are as
follows:

                                   6
<PAGE>
* the average severity of the disease was reduced by approximately 40%;
* the maximum intensity of the mucositis was approximately 35% lower; and
* the median peak intensity was approximately 50% lower.

Given the results achieved with our MLT, and the fact that in the study
an amlexanox rinse showed no additional benefit, we do not plan to
conduct additional clinical studies evaluating amlexanox as a preventative
product candidate for mucositis. Following the completion of the Phase II
study we conducted additional formulation development work to optimize
the MLT technology prior to advancing clinical development. The topical
application of the MLT was tested for its ability to attenuate the course of
radiation-induced oral mucositis in an established hamster model. The
study results clearly indicate the ability to prevent the onset of ulcerative
mucositis, or delay the onset and reduce the severity of mucositis. We
have met with the FDA to determine the most expeditious way to advance
our mucositis clinical development program. Prior to finalizing the pivotal
clinical study protocol, the primary clinical endpoint has to be agreed with
the FDA.

We are, however, evaluating the possibility of developing a range of
products utilizing our mucoadhesive liquid technology for the management
of the various phases of the disease. In addition to our prevention product
candidate, we are exploring the incorporation into our mucoadhesive
liquid technology of an analgesic for pain management or compounds for
the treatment of bacterial or fungal infections.

We are currently planning an additional clinical trial for mucositis to start
in the second quarter of 2004.

Viral Disease Technology
------------------------

We acquired our viral disease technology through our acquisition of
Virologix. This technology is targeted for the prevention and treatment of
viral diseases, including HIV. These compounds target a critical enzyme
involved in viral infection and replication, analogous to reverse
transcriptase and protease inhibitors that have shown effectiveness against
HIV. We also have technology for treating HTLV type I and II infection.
We acquired a part of this technology through a licensing agreement with
the National Institute of Health.

Drug Development Strategy
-------------------------

A part of our integrated drug development strategy is to form creative
alliances with centers of excellence in order to obtain alternative lead
compounds while minimizing the overall cost of research. We have signed
agreements with Strakan for the delivery of topical therapeutic agents
which exploit our zinc patent and the University of North Texas for
nanoparticles and nanoparticle network technology. Additionally, certain
of our polymer platinate technology has resulted in part from a research
collaboration with The School of Pharmacy, University of London.

Our strategy is to initially focus on utilizing our technology in
combination with approved drug substances to develop novel patentable
formulations of existing therapeutic and diagnostic products. We believe
that this will expedite product development, both preclinical and clinical,
and ultimately product approval. To reduce financial risk and equity
financing requirements, we are directing our resources to the preclinical
and early clinical phases of development. Where the size of the necessary
clinical studies and cost associated with the later clinical development
phases are significant, we plan to outlicense to, or co-develop with,
marketing partners our current product candidates.

We will continue to expand our internal core capabilities of chemistry,
formulation, analytical methods development, clinical development,
biology and project management to maximize product opportunities in a
timely manner. We will, however, contract the manufacturing scaleup,
certain preclinical testing and product production to research
organizations, contract manufacturers and strategic partners. There will be
some instances where there may be significant cost savings for us to do
some manufacturing scaleup and preclinical testing. We will evaluate those
instances and may do the work ourselves in order to achieve cost savings.
Given the current cost containment and managed care environment both
in the United States and overseas and the difficulty for a small company
to effectively market its products, we do not currently plan to become a
fully integrated pharmaceutical company.

                                   7
<PAGE>
Consequently, we expect to form strategic alliances for product
development and to outlicense the commercial rights to development
partners. By forming strategic alliances with major pharmaceutical and
diagnostic companies, we believe that our technology can be more rapidly
developed and successfully introduced into the marketplace.

Scientific Background
---------------------

The ultimate criterion for effective drug delivery is to control and
optimize the localized release of the drug at the target site and rapidly
clear the non-targeted fraction. Conventional drug delivery systems such
as controlled release, sustained release, transdermal systems and others are
designed for delivering active product into the systemic circulation over
time with the objective of improving patient compliance. These systems
do not address the biologically relevant issues such as site targeting,
localized release and clearance of drug. The major factors that impact the
achievement of this ultimate drug delivery goal are the physical
characteristics of the drug and the biological characteristics of the disease
target sites. The physical characteristics of the drug affect solubility in
biological systems, its biodistribution throughout the body, and its
interactions with the intended pharmacological target sites and undesired
areas of toxicity. The biological characteristics of the diseased area impact
the ability of the drug to selectively interact with the intended target site
to allow the drug to express the desired pharmacological activity.

We believe that our drug delivery technology platforms are differentiated
from conventional drug delivery systems in that they seek to apply a
disease-specific approach to improve the drug delivery process with
formulations to significantly enhance the therapeutic efficacy and reduce
toxicity of a broad spectrum of products.

Core Drug Delivery Technology Platforms
---------------------------------------

Our current drug delivery technology platforms that we are using to
selectively deliver drugs to target sites for use in cancer chemotherapy,
dermatology and oral disease are:

* Synthetic Polymer Targeted Drug Delivery Technology;

* Vitamin Mediated Targeted Delivery Technology;

* Vitamin Mediated Oral Delivery Technology;

* Bioerodible Cross-Linker Delivery Technology;

* Mucoadhesive Disc Technology;

* Hydrogel Particle Aggregate Technology;

* Residerm(R) Topical Delivery Technology; and

* Carbohydrate Targeting Drug Delivery Technology

We also are developing agents for the prevention and treatment of viral
disease. Each of these platforms is discussed below:

Synthetic Polymer Targeted Drug Delivery Technology
---------------------------------------------------
In collaboration with The School of Pharmacy, University of London, we
have developed a synthetic polymer technology, which utilizes
hydroxypropylmethacrylamide with platinum, designed to exploit enhanced
permeability and retention, or EPR, at tumor sites to selectively
accumulate drug and control drug release. Many solid tumors  possess
vasculature that is hyperpermeable, or leaky, to macromolecules. In
addition to this enhanced permeability, tumors usually lack effective
lymphatic and/or capillary drainage. Consequently, tumors selectively
accumulate circulating macromolecules, including, for example, up to
10% of an intravenous dose in mice. This effect has been termed EPR,
and is thought to constitute the mechanism of action of styrene-
maleic/anhydride-neocarzinostatin, or

                                  8
<PAGE>
SMANCS, which is in regular clinical use in Japan for the treatment of
hepatoma. These polymers take advantage of endothelial permeability as the
drug carrying polymers are trapped in tumors and then taken up by tumor cells.
Linkages between the polymer and drug can be designed to be cleaved
extracellularly or intracellularly. The drug is released inside the tumor
mass while polymer/drug not delivered to tumors is renally cleared from the
body. Data generated in animal studies have shown that the polymer/drug
complexes are far less toxic than free drug alone and that greater efficacy
can be achieved. Thus, these polymer complexes have demonstrated
significant improvement in the therapeutic index of anti-cancer drugs,
including, for example, platinum.

Vitamin Mediated Targeted Delivery Technology
---------------------------------------------

Most drugs are effective only when they reach a certain minimum
concentration in the region of disease, yet are well distributed throughout
the body contributing to undesirable side-effects. It is therefore
advantageous to alter the natural biodistribution of a drug to have it more
localized where it is needed. Our vitamin mediated targeted delivery
technology utilizes the fact that in many diseases where there is rapid
growth and/or cell division, the demand for certain vitamins increases. By
coupling the drug to an appropriate vitamin, the vitamin serves as a
carrier to increase the amount of drug at the disease site relative to its
normal distribution.

One application of this technology is in tumor targeting. The use of
cytotoxic drugs is one of the most common methods for treating a variety
of malignancies including solid and non-solid tumors. The drawbacks of
chemotherapeutic treatments, which include tumor resistance, cancer
relapse and toxicity from severe damage to healthy tissues, has fuelled a
scientific quest for novel treatments that are specifically targeted to
malignant cells thus reducing damage to collateral tissues.

The design of targeted therapies involves exploitation of the difference
between the structure and function of normal cells compared with
malignant cells. Differences include the increased levels of surface
molecules on cancer cells, which makes them more sensitive to treatment
regimes that target surface molecules and differences in blood supply
within and around tumor cells compared with normal cells.

Two basic types of targeting approaches are utilized, passive tumor
targeting and active tumor targeting.

* passive tumor targeting involves transporting anti-cancer agents through
  the bloodstream to tumor cells using a "carrier" molecule. Many different
  carrier molecules, which can take a variety of forms (micelles,
  nanoparticles, liposomes and polymers), are being investigated as each
  provides advantages such as specificity and protection of the anti-cancer
  drug from degradation due to their structure, size (molecular weights) and
  particular interactions with tumor cells. The polymer platinate program is
  a passive tumor targeting technology.

* active tumor targeting involves attaching an additional fragment to the
  anticancer drug and the carrier molecule to create a new "targeted" agent
  that will actively seek a complementary surface molecule to which it binds
  (preferentially located on the exterior of the tumor cells). The theory is
  that the targeting of the anti-cancer agent through active means to the
  affected cells should allow more of the anti-cancer drug to enter the tumor
  cell, thus amplifying the response to the treatment and reducing  the toxic
  effect on bystander, normal tissue.

Examples of active targeting fragments include antibodies, growth factors
and vitamins. Our scientists have specifically focused on using vitamin
B12 and folate to more effectively target anti-cancer drugs to solid tumors.

It has been known for some time that vitamin B12 and folic acid are
essential for tumor growth and as a result, receptors for these vitamins are
up-regulated in certain tumors. Vitamin B12 receptor over-expression
occurs in breast, lung, leukemic cells, lymphoma cells, bone, thyroid,
colon, prostate and brain cancers and some other tumor lines, while folate
receptor over-expression occurs in breast, lung, ovarian, endometrial,
renal, colon, brain and cancers of myeloid hemotopoietic cells and
methotrexate-sensitive tumors.

Vitamin Mediated Oral Delivery Technology
-----------------------------------------

Oral delivery is the preferred method of administration of drugs where
either long-term or daily use (or both) is required. However many
therapeutics, including peptide and protein drugs, are poorly absorbed
when given orally.

                                   9
<PAGE>
With more and more peptide and protein based biopharmaceuticals entering
the market, there is an increasing need to develop an effective oral
delivery system for them, as well as for long-standing injected drugs such
as insulin.

The difficulty in administering proteins orally is their susceptibility to
degradation by digestive enzymes, their inability to cross the intestinal
wall and their rapid excretion by the body. Over the years, many different
methodologies for making protein drugs available orally have been
attempted. Most of the oral protein delivery technologies involve
protecting the protein degradation in the intestine. More recently,
strategies have been developed which involve attaching the protein or
peptide to a molecule which transports the protein across the gut wall.
However, the field of oral drug delivery of proteins and peptides has yet
to achieve successful commercialization of a product (although positive
results have been achieved in early clinical trials for some products under
development).

Many pharmaceutically active compounds such as proteins, peptides and
cytotoxic agents cannot be administered orally due to their instability in
the gastrointestinal tract or their inability to be absorbed and transferred
to the bloodstream. A technology which would allow many of these
actives to be taken orally would greatly enhance their acceptance and
value. Several technologies for the protection of sensitive actives in the
gastro-intestinal tract and/or enhancement of gastro-intestinal absorption
have been explored and many have failed.

Our proprietary technology for oral drug delivery utilizes the body's
natural vitamin B12 (VB12) transport system in the gut. The absorption
of VB12 in the intestine occurs by way of a receptor-mediated
endocytosis. Initially, VB12 binds to intrinsic factor (IF) in the small
intestine, and the VB12-IF complex then binds to the IF receptor on the
surface of the intestine. Receptor-mediated endocytosis then allows the
transport the VB12 across the gut wall. After binding to another VB12-
binding protein, transcobalamin II (TcII), VB12 is transferred to the
bloodstream.

Our scientists discovered that VB12 will still be transported by this
process even when drugs, macromolecules, or nanoparticles are coupled
to VB12.  Thus VB12 serves as a carrier to transfer these materials from
the intestinal lumen to the bloodstream. For drugs and macromolecules
which are stable in the gastro-intestinal tract, the drug or macromolecule
can be coupled directly (or via a linker) to VB12. If the capacity of the
VB12 transport system is inadequate to provide an effective blood
concentration of the active, transport can be amplified by attaching many
molecules of the drug to a polymer, to which VB12 is also attached. A
further option, especially for drugs and macromolecules which are
unstable in the intestine, is to formulate the drug in a nanoparticle which
is then coated with VB12. Once in the bloodstream, the active is released
by diffusion and/or erosion of the nanoparticle. Utilization of
nanoparticles also serves to "amplify" delivery by transporting many
molecules at one time due to the inherently large surface area.

Our proprietary position in this technology involves the conjugation of
vitamin B12 and/or folic acid (or their analogs) to a polymer to which is
also attached to the drug to be delivered, or attached to a nanoparticle in
which the drug is incorporated. Since many molecules of the drug are
attached to a single polymer strand, or are incorporated in a single
nanoparticle, disease targeting is amplified compared to simpler conjugates
involving one molecule of the vitamin with one drug molecule. However,
in situations when such a simple conjugate might be preferred, our patents
also encompass these VB12-drug conjugates.

Bioerodible Cross-Linker Delivery Technology
--------------------------------------------

Our scientists have developed a novel series of bioerodible cross-linkers
which have the potential to be utilized with hydrogels in a number of drug
delivery applications as well as several non-pharmaceutical applications.
Hydrogels are very large molecules with complex three-dimensional
structures capable of storing either small molecule drugs or much larger
peptide and protein therapeutics. These molecules are stored within the
matrix of the hydrogel. Most hydrogels are not bioerodible, therefore they
deliver their payload of drug by diffusion of these molecules through the
interconnecting chambers of the hydrogel. Once all of the drug has been
delivered, non-bioerodible hydrogels remain in the body (unless surgically
removed) as they cannot be broken down and eliminated. By comparison,
our hydrogels possess bioerodible linking groups with well-defined rates
of degradation in biological systems, and so release their payload of drugs
by both diffusion and erosion of the hydrogel matrix. By selecting linkers
with appropriate degradation rates, much greater control of drug release
rates can be achieved. Once the drug has been released, erosion of the
hydrogel continues until no solid hydrogel remains, eliminating the need
to use an additional procedure to remove the drug delivery device. The
hydrogel erodes to form much smaller water-soluble fractions which are
readily eliminated from the body.

                                  10
<PAGE>
A number of possible drug delivery systems can be developed using the
Access bioerodible cross-linker technology, ranging from nanoparticles for
intravenous administration, to larger devices which may be implanted,
wound packaging materials, medicated and non-medicated for decubitus
and vascular ulcers, medicated films and gels for topical applications, burn
dressing and dressing for skin donor sites.

We have a U.S. patent for our bioerodible cross-linker technology. Our
bioerodible cross-linker technology has the following properties:

* contains a network polymer that swells in water;

* it has cleavable bonds in a linear polymer backbone;

* breakdown occurs in a biological or aqueous environment;

* controlled degradation rates ranging from hours to months can be
  achieved; and

* offers the ability to control drug incorporation and release by the choice
  of polymer, crosslink density and link degradation rate.

Mucoadhesive Disc Technology
----------------------------

Treatment of oral conditions generally relies upon the use of medications
formulated as gels and pastes, which are applied to lesions in the mouth.
The duration of effectiveness of these medications is typically short
because the applied dose is worn away through the mechanical actions of
speaking, eating, and tongue movement, and is washed away by saliva
flow. To address these problems, Access developed a novel, cost-
effective, commercially-viable, mucoadhesive film product that
is bioerodible. This technology, known as OraDisc(TM), comprises a
multi-layered film having an adhesive layer, a central pre-formed film
layer, and a coated backing layer. Depending upon the intended
application, a pharmaceutically active compound can be formulated within
any of these layers, providing for a wide range of potential applications.
The disc is simply applied by pressing it against the inner surface of the
mouth. The disc stays in place, eroding over a period of time, so that
subsequent removal is unnecessary. The disc delivers the drug over a
period of time controlled by the rate of erosion of the disc, which is in
turn controlled by the formulation of the backing layer.

OraDisc(TM) was initially developed as a drug delivery system to treat
canker sores with the same active ingredient (amlexanox) that is used in
Aphthasol(R). We anticipate that higher amlexanox concentrations will
be achieved at the disease site, increasing the effectiveness of the product,
called OraDisc(TM) A.

We have continued to develop the OraDisc(TM) technology, and we have
generated or are exploring additional prototype drug delivery
products, including those for pain palliation in the oral cavity, gingivitis,
cough and cold treatment, breath freshener, and the oral delivery of drugs
for patients with swallowing difficulties.

Hydrogel Particle Aggregate Technology
--------------------------------------

Our hydrogel particle aggregate technology provides unique materials with
a broad range of properties and potential applications. While a
conventional bulk hydrogel is an "infinite" network of loosely crosslinked
hydrophilic polymers that swells when placed in polar solvents, we have
discovered that a variety of unique biomaterials can be formed through the
aggregation of hydrogel nano or micro-particles. This concept takes
advantage of the inherent biocompatibility of hydrogels while overcoming
problems with local stress and strain, which cause bulk hydrogels to
shear. Unlike bulk hydrogels, these hydrogel particle aggregates are shape
retentive, can be extruded or molded and offer properties suitable for use
in a variety of in vivo medical devices, and in novel drug delivery
systems, by providing tailored regions of drug incorporation and release.
The polymers used in the hydrogel particle aggregate technology have
been extensively researched by the academic and scientific community and
commercialized into several major medical products. They are generally
accepted as safe, non-toxic and biocompatible.

                                  11
<PAGE>
This technology utilizes the inherent physical attractive forces between
nanoparticles themselves and between nanoparticles and a polar solvent
such as water. These particles form bulk materials that can have the same
size as infinite bulk networks but allow chemical variability and much
greater resistance to permanent mechanical deformation. The aggregate
demonstrates many physical properties identical to those of a bulk
hydrogel. However, there are important differences between aggregates
and bulk materials. For example, "tough" elastomeric hydrogels used in
tissue engineering constructs typically fail catastrophically when placed
under high strain or shear forces. As the network begins to fail under
stress, the material physically breaks down. Hydrogel nanoparticle
aggregates exhibit superior performance compared to bulk materials under
stress as the nanoparticles can slip past each other allowing local
deformation and repair.

Another major advantage of the hydrogel particle aggregate technology is
the ability to tailor the degradation of hydrogel nanoparticles and hydrogel
nanoparticle aggregates. Our degradable crosslinker technology can be
incorporated into the hydrogel nanoparticles allowing the formation of
nanoparticles containing drug with degradation and drug release at specific
rates. Potentially, aggregate materials can be formulated containing
mixtures of particles degrading at different rates, and/or formulations
containing different drugs each released at a predefined controlled rate.

A second level of controlled degradation is provided by the ability to tailor
the rate of particle erosion from the physically coalesced aggregate. The
hydrogel can be formulated such that the aggregate is extremely tough and
resilient, or formulated so that it can slowly erode at controlled rates. This
is achieved through simple compositional changes during nanoparticle
synthesis. The spaces between nanoparticles, or holes in the lattice, can
be tailored by varying the nanoparticle size. These spaces have been used
to encapsulate proteins during aggregate formation. The ability to trap a
wide range of bioactive compounds between these particles in the presence
of water solutions offers another major advantage, since this media is less
deleterious to many compounds than solvents typically used with other
drug delivery materials. These aggregates can easily be designed to remain
together indefinitely in vivo, or break apart at specific rates.
Pharmaceutically-active compounds trapped in a non-degradable aggregate
will be released from the hydrogel by diffusion, while release is controlled
by both diffusion and rate of erosion in degradable aggregates.

This technology has a variety of potential applications, such as in-dwelling
medicated catheters, medicated stents, artificial discs, tissue scaffold and
controlled-release drug delivery systems. We continue to develop the
technology and specific applications utilizing this technology, while
seeking to establish collaborations and partnerships to explore other
applications.

Residerm(R) Topical Delivery Technology
---------------------------------------

We have granted a license to Strakan for the development of compounds
that utilize our zinc technology. The use of zinc ions to formulate topical
products produces a reservoir of drug in the skin to increase the
effectiveness of topically applied products and to reduce toxicity. There
are many localized disease conditions, which are effectively treated by
topical application of suitable pharmaceutical agents. In order for such
treatments to be maximally effective, it is necessary that as much of the
active agent as possible be absorbed into the skin where it can make
contact with the disease condition in the dermal tissue without being lost
by rubbing off on clothing or evaporation. At the same time, the agent
must not penetrate so effectively through the skin that it is absorbed into
the systemic circulation. This latter factor is especially important in order
to minimize unwanted side-effects of the pharmacologically active agent.
The ideal vehicle for topically applied pharmaceuticals is one which can
rapidly penetrate the skin and produce a "reservoir effect" in the skin or
mucous membranes. Such a reservoir effect can be produced by
complexing of suitable pharmaceutical agents with zinc ions, by an as yet
unknown mechanism. This "reservoir effect" is defined as an enhancement
of the skin or membrane's ability to both absorb and retain
pharmacological agents, that is:

* to increase skin or membrane residence time;

* to decrease drug transit time; and

* to reduce transdermal flux.

                                  12
<PAGE>
A number of compounds are known to enhance the ability of
pharmacologically active agents to penetrate the skin, but have the
disadvantage of allowing rapid systemic dispersion away from the site of
disease. Many topical agents, such as the retinoids used in the treatment
of acne, and methotrexate, used in the treatment of psoriasis, are
systemically toxic. There is, therefore, a need for a method of enhancing
the ability of such agents to penetrate the skin so that a lesser total dosage
may be used, while at the same time their ability to move from the skin
to the systemic circulation is minimized.

Carbohydrate Targeting Drug Delivery Technology
-----------------------------------------------

Our carbohydrate polymer drug delivery technology exploits specific
changes in the vascular endothelium that occur during disease processes.
These carriers mimic disease-specific, carbohydrate recognition by
vascular endothelium cells and underlying tissue. It has been well
established that white blood cells can recognize, target and permeate
disease sites by means of surface carbohydrates which bind to cytokine-
induced endothelium plus underlying tissue and cells. A number of
receptors on the endothelium and on underlying tissue are known to bind
sulfated glycosaminoglycans, such as heparin and dermatan sulfate. We
have developed glycosaminoglycan carriers to selectively image and treat
diseases involving the neovascular endothelium. We believe that our
glycosaminoglycan technology has broad potential in a number of
therapeutic applications including cancer, inflammation and infection.

Viral Disease Technology
------------------------

We acquired our viral disease technology through our acquisition of
Virologix. This technology is targeted for the prevention and treatment of
viral diseases, including HIV. These compounds target a critical enzyme
involved in viral infection and replication, analogous to reverse
transcriptase and protease inhibitors that have shown effectiveness against
HIV. We also have technology for treating HTLV type I and II infection.
We acquired a part of this technology through a licensing agreement with
the National Institute of Health.

                                  13
<PAGE>
Research Projects, Products and Products in Development
-------------------------------------------------------

                          ACCESS DRUG PORTFOLIO
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Licensing                          Clinical
          Compound            Originator  Partner  Indication  FDA Filing   Stage (1)
----------------------------- ---------- --------- ---------- -------------- ---------
<S>                           <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>          <C>
Cancer
------
Polymer Platinate(AP5280)(2)    Access-        -     Ovarian     Clinical    Phase I/II
                                U London                       Development(7)

Polymer Platinate(AP5346)(2)    Access-        -     Ovarian,    Clinical    Phase I
                                U London           Colorectal  Development(7)
                                                      cancer

Mucositis liquid technology     Access          -   Mucositis       IND      Phase III

Topical Delivery
----------------
Amlexanox (3)                   Takeda    Strakan,  Aphthous        NDA      Approved
                                          Zambon,     ulcers
                                          Esteve,
                                          Meda,
                                          Mipharm,
                                          Palidin

OraDisc(TM) Amlexanox(3)        Access    Strakan,  Aphthous        NDA      FDA
Biodegradable Polymer Disc                Zambon,     ulcers                 Review
                                          Esteve,
                                          Meda,
                                          Mipharm,
                                          Paladin

Residerm(R) A                   Access    Strakan,
Zinc Clindamycin(4)                       Fujisawa    Acne        PLA (8)    Approved (9)

OraDisc(TM) Benzocaine          Access        -      Oral pain    OTC        N/A

Vitamin Mediated Delivery
-------------------------
Oral Delivery System            Access        - (10) Various      Research   Pre-Clinical

Vitamin Targeted Therapeutics   Access        -      Anti-tumor   Research   Pre-Clinical

Antiviral
---------
Anti viral compound (5)(6)        NIH         -         HIV      Development Pre-Clinical

Anti viral compound (6)        Rockefeller    -     HTLV type I  Development Pre-Clinical
                                                     and II
</TABLE>

(1) For more information, see "Government Regulation" for description
    of clinical stages.

(2) Licensed from the School of Pharmacy, The University of London.
    Subject to royalty and milestone payments.

(3) Acquired from GlaxoSmithKline - Block Drug Company. Amlexanox
    licensing agreements executed with the following parties for the prevention
    and treatment of aphthous ulcers:

    * Strakan Limited for UK and Ireland manufacturing and marketing rights.
    * Zambon Group for France, Germany, Holland, Belgium, Luxembourg,
      Switzerland, Brazil, Columbia and Italy manufacturing and marketing
      rights.
    * Laboratories Dr. Esteve SA for Spain, Portugal and Greece
      manufacturing and marketing rights.

                                  14
<PAGE>
    * Mipharm SpA for Italy manufacturing and marketing rights.
    * Meda, AB for Scandinavia, the Baltic states and Iceland marketing
      rights.
    * Paladin Labs Inc. for Canada manufacturing and marketing rights.

(4) Licensed worldwide manufacturing and marketing rights to Strakan
    who sublicensed to:
    * Fujisawa GmbH for continental Europe marketing rights.
    * Taro Pharmaceuticals for Israel marketing rights.
    * Various companies for other smaller countries for marketing rights.

(5) Licensed from NIH subject to royalty and milestone payments.

(6) Licensed from The Rockefeller University subject to royalty and
    milestone payments.

(7) Clinical studies being conducted in Europe prior to a FDA filing.

(8) United Kingdom equivalent of an NDA.

(9) Marketing approval received from the Medicines Control Agency in
    the U.K. and product launched in March 2002. In addition there are seven
    European Union product approvals including Germany and France.

(10) Research collaboration agreement with Celltech Group plc.

We begin the product development effort by screening and formulating
potential product candidates, selecting an optimal active and formulation
approach and developing the processes and analytical methods. Pilot
stability, toxicity and efficacy testing are conducted prior to advancing the
product candidate into formal preclinical development. Specialized skills
are required to produce these product candidates utilizing our technology.
We have a core internal development capability with significant experience
in developing these formulations.

Once the product candidate has been successfully screened in pilot testing,
our scientists, together with external consultants, assist in designing and
performing the necessary preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic and
toxicology studies required for IND submission. External investigators and
scaleup manufacturing facilities are selected in conjunction with our
consultants. The initial Phase I and Phase II studies depending on the drug
indication are conducted by institutions and investigators supervised and
monitored by our employees and contract research organizations. We do
not plan to have an extensive clinical development organization as we plan
to have the advance phases of this process conducted by a development
partner. Should we conduct Phase III clinical studies we expect to engage
a contract research organization to perform this work.

We contract with third party contract research organizations to complete
our large clinical trials and for data management of all of our clinical
trials. Generally, we manage the smaller Phase I and II trials ourselves.
Currently, we have one Phase I trial in process, two planned Phase II
trials and one Phase III trial planned for this year.

With all of our product development candidates, we cannot assure you that
the results of the in vitro or animal studies are or will be indicative of the
results that will be obtained if and when these product candidates are
tested in humans. We cannot assure you that any of these projects will be
successfully completed or that regulatory approval of any product will be
obtained.

We expended approximately $6,096,000, $7,024,000 and $4,174,000 on
research and development during the years 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively.

Patents
-------

We believe that the value of technology both to us and to our potential
corporate partners is established and enhanced by our broad intellectual
property positions. Consequently, we have already been issued and seek
to obtain additional U.S. and foreign patent protection for products under
development and for new discoveries. Patent applications are filed with
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and, when appropriate, with the
Paris Convention's Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) Countries (most
major countries in Western Europe and the Far East) for our inventions
and prospective products.

                                 15
<PAGE>
Two U.S. patents and one European patent have issued and one U.S.
patent and two European patent applications are pending for polymer
platinum compounds. The two patents and patent applications are the result
in part of our collaboration with The School of Pharmacy, University of
London, from which the technology has been licensed and include a
synthetic polymer, hydroxypropylmethacrylamide incorporating platinates,
that can be used to exploit enhanced permeability and retention in tumors
and control drug release. The patents and patent applications include a
pharmaceutical composition for use in tumor treatment comprising a
polymer-platinum compound through linkages which are designed to be
cleaved under selected conditions to yield a platinum which is selectively
released at a tumor site. The patents and patent applications also include
methods for improving the pharmaceutical properties of platinum compounds.

One U.S. and two European patents have issued and one European patent
is pending for the use of zinc as a pharmaceutical vehicle for enhancing
the penetration and retention of drug in the skin. The patents and patent
application cover the method of inducing a reservoir effect in skin and
mucous membranes to enhance penetration and retention of topically applied
therapeutic and cosmetic pharmacologically active agents. The patents and
patent applications also relate to topical treatment methods including such
reservoir effect enhancers and to pharmaceutical compositions containing them.

We have one U.S. patent and one European patent is pending for our
bioerodible cross-linker technology. A number of possible drug delivery
systems can be developed using the Access bioerodible cross-linker
technology, ranging from nanoparticles for intravenous administration, to
larger devices which may be implanted, wound packaging materials,
medicated and non-medicated for decubitus and vascular ulcers, medicated
films and gels for topical applications, burn dressing and dressing for skin
donor sites.

We have one U.S. patent and have filed one U.S. and one European patent
application for our OraDisc(TM) technology. This oral delivery vehicle
potentially overcomes the difficulties encountered in using conventional
paste and gel formulations for conditions in the mouth. Utilizing this
technology, we anticipate that higher drug concentrations will be achieved
at the disease site increasing the effectiveness of the product.

We have filed two U.S. patent applications and two European patent
applications for our mucoadhesive liquid technology. Our patent applications
cover a range of products utilizing our mucoadhesive liquid technology for
the management of the various phases of mucositis. In addition to our
product candidate, we are also considering the development of products
that incorporate an analgesic for pain management or compounds for the
treatment of bacterial or fungal infections into our mucoadhesive liquid
technology.

We have filed two U.S. patent applications and two European patent
applications for our hydrogel particle aggregate technology. Our patent
applications have a variety of potential applications, such as in-dwelling
medicated catheters, medicated stents, artificial discs, tissue scaffold and
controlled-release drug delivery systems.

Through our Access Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty. Limited subsidiary we
have three patented targeted therapeutic technologies:

* folate conjugates of polymer therapeutics, to enhance tumor delivery by
  targeting folate receptors, which are upregulated in certain tumor types
  with two U.S. and two European patent applications;

* the use of vitamin B12 to target the transcobalamin II receptor which is
  upregulated in numerous diseases including cancer, rheumatoid arthritis,
  certain neurological and autoimmune disorders with two U.S. patents and
  three U.S. and four European patent applications; and

* oral delivery of a wide variety of molecules which cannot otherwise be
  orally administered, utilizing the active transport mechanism which
  transports vitamin B12 into the systemic circulation with six U.S. patents
  and two European patents and one U.S. and one European patent
  application.

Through our Virologix subsidiary, we have two patents licensed from the
National Institute of Health, or NIH, and four additional U.S. patent
applications licensed from the Rockefeller University for our viral disease
technology for the prevention and treatment of viral diseases including
HIV. The licensed patents' compounds target a critical enzyme involved
in viral infection and replication. The other patents include vaccines in
HTLV type I and II infection, and other applications of the proprietary
technology being used in the HIV therapeutic program.

                                  16
<PAGE>
We hold U.S. and European patents with broad composition of matter
claims encompassing glycosaminoglycan, acidic saccharide, carbohydrate
and other endothelial binding and targeting carriers in combination with
drugs and diagnostic agents formulated by both physical and chemical
covalent means. Eleven patents have issued commencing in 1990, ten U.S.
and one European, and an additional European patent application is
pending. The patents and patent applications relate to the in vivo medical
uses of drugs and diagnostic carrier formulations which bind and cross
endothelial and epithelial barriers at sites of disease, including but not
limited to treatment and medical imaging of tumor, infarct, infection and
inflammation. They further disclose the body's induction of endothelial,
epithelial, tissue and blood adhesins, selectins, integrins, chemotaxins and
cytotaxins at sites of disease as a mechanism for selective targeting, and
they claim recognized usable carrier substances which selectively bind to
these induced target determinants.

We also have a patent for amlexanox and the worldwide rights, excluding
Japan, for the use of amlexanox for oral and dermatological use.

We have a strategy of maintaining an ongoing line of patent continuation
applications for each major category of patentable carrier and delivery
technology. By this approach, we are extending the intellectual property
protection of our basic targeting technology and initial agents to cover
additional specific carriers and agents, some of which are anticipated to
carry the priority dates of the original applications.

Government Regulation
---------------------

We are subject to extensive regulation by the federal government,
principally by the FDA, and, to a lesser extent, by other federal and state
agencies as well as comparable agencies in foreign countries where
registration of products will be pursued. Although a number of our
formulations incorporate extensively tested drug substances, because the
resulting formulations make claims of enhanced efficacy and/or improved
side effect profiles, they are expected to be classified as new drugs by the
FDA.

The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other federal, state and
foreign statutes and regulations govern the testing, manufacturing, safety,
labeling, storage, shipping and record keeping of our products. The FDA
has the authority to approve or not approve new drug applications and
inspect research, clinical and manufacturing records and facilities.

Among the requirements for drug approval and testing is that the
prospective manufacturer's facilities and methods conform to the FDA's
Code of Good Manufacturing Practices regulations, which establish the
minimum requirements for methods to be used in, and the facilities or
controls to be used during, the production process. Such facilities are
subject to ongoing FDA inspection to insure compliance.

The steps required before a pharmaceutical product may be produced and
marketed in the U.S. include preclinical tests, the filing of an IND with
the FDA, which must become effective pursuant to FDA regulations
before human clinical trials may commence, numerous phases of clinical
testing and the FDA approval of a NDA prior to commercial sale.

Preclinical tests are conducted in the laboratory, usually involving
animals, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the potential product. The
results of preclinical tests are submitted as part of the IND application and
are fully reviewed by the FDA prior to granting the sponsor permission
to commence clinical trials in humans. All trials are conducted under
International Conference on Harmonization, or ICH, good clinical practice
guidelines. All investigator sites and sponsor facilities are subject to FDA
inspection to insure compliance. Clinical trials typically involve a
three-phase process. Phase I, the initial clinical evaluations, consists of
administering the drug and testing for safety and tolerated dosages and in
some indications such as cancer and HIV, as preliminary evidence of
efficacy in humans. Phase II involves a study to evaluate the effectiveness
of the drug for a particular indication and to determine optimal dosage and
dose interval and to identify possible adverse side effects and risks in a
larger patient group. When a product is found safe, an initial efficacy is
established in Phase II, it is then evaluated in Phase III clinical trials.
Phase III trials consist of expanded multi-location testing for efficacy and
safety to evaluate the overall benefit to risk index of the investigational
drug in relationship to the disease treated. The results of preclinical and
human clinical testing are submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA
for approval to commence commercial sales.

                                  17
<PAGE>
The process of doing the requisite testing, data collection, analysis and
compilation of an IND and an NDA is labor intensive and costly and may
take a protracted time period. In some cases, tests may have to be redone
or new tests instituted to comply with FDA requests. Review by the FDA
may also take a considerable time period and there is no guarantee that an
NDA will be approved. Therefore, we cannot estimate with any certainty
the length of the approval cycle.

We are also governed by other federal, state and local laws of general
applicability, such as laws regulating working conditions, employment
practices, as well as environmental protection.

Competition
-----------

The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry is characterized by intense
competition, rapid product development and technological change.
Competition is intense among manufacturers of prescription
pharmaceuticals and other product areas where we may develop and
market products in the future. Most of our potential competitors are large,
well established pharmaceutical, chemical or healthcare companies with
considerably greater financial, marketing, sales and technical resources
than are available to us. Additionally, many of our potential competitors
have research and development capabilities that may allow such
competitors to develop new or improved products that may compete with
our product lines. Our potential products could be rendered obsolete or
made uneconomical by the development of new products to treat the
conditions to be addressed by our developments, technological advances
affecting the cost of production, or marketing or pricing actions by one or
more of our potential competitors. Our business, financial condition and
results of operation could be materially adversely affected by any one or
more of such developments. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
compete successfully against current or future competitors or that
competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Academic institutions,
governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations
are also conducting research activities and seeking patent protection and
may commercialize products on their own or with the assistance of major
health care companies in areas where we are developing product
candidates. We are aware of certain development projects for products to
treat or prevent certain diseases targeted by us, the existence of these
potential products or other products or treatments of which we are not
aware, or products or treatments that may be developed in the future, may
adversely affect the marketability of products developed by us.

The principal competitors in the polymer area are Cell Therapeutics,
Daiichi, Enzon and Inhale which are developing alternate drugs in
combination with polymers. We believe we are the only company
conducting clinical studies in the polymer drug delivery of platinum
compounds. We believe that the principal current competitors to our
polymer targeting technology fall into two categories: monoclonal
antibodies and liposomes. We believe that our technology potentially
represents a significant advance over these older technologies because our
technology provides a system with a favorable pharmacokinetic profile.

A number of companies are developing or may in the future engage in the
development of products competitive with the Access polymer delivery
system. Several companies are working on targeted monoclonal antibody
therapy including Bristol-Myers Squibb, Centocor (acquired by Johnson
& Johnson), GlaxoSmithKline, Imclone and Xoma. Currently, liposomal
formulations being developed by Gilead Sciences and Alza Corporation,
are the major competing intravenous drug delivery formulations which
deliver similar drug substances.

A number of companies are developing products to treat mucositis. Some
of the products are in clinical trials that are further advanced than our
product. These companies are RxKinetics, Human Genome Sciences and
Amgen. There is no current treatment to modify the symptoms of
mucositis. There is potentially a significant market to treat this disease.

Products developed from our Residerm(R) technology will compete for a
share of the existing market with numerous products which have become
standard treatments recommended or prescribed by dermatologists.
Zindaclin(R), which is the first product developed utilizing our
Residerm(R) technology, will compete with products including
Benzamycin, marketed by a subsidiary of Aventis; Cleocin-T and a
generic topical clindamycin, marketed by Pharmacia; Benzac, marketed
by a subsidiary of L'Oreal; and Triaz, marketed by Medicis
Pharmaceutical Corp.

                                  18
<PAGE>
Aphthasol(R) is the only clinically proven product to accelerate the healing
of canker sores. There are numerous products, including prescription
steroids such as Kenalog in OraBase, and many over-the-counter pain
relief formulations which incorporate a local anesthetic used for the
treatment of this condition.

In the area of advanced drug delivery, which is the focus of our early
stage research and development activities, a number of companies are
developing or evaluating enhanced drug delivery systems. We expect that
technological developments will occur at a rapid rate and that competition
is likely to intensify as various alternative delivery system technologies
achieve similar if not identical advantages.

Even if our products are fully developed and receive required regulatory
approval, of which there can be no assurance, we believe that our
products can only compete successfully if marketed by a company having
expertise and a strong presence in the therapeutic area. Consequently, we
do not currently plan to establish an internal marketing organization. By
forming strategic alliances with major and regional pharmaceutical
companies, management believes that our development risks should be
minimized and that the technology potentially could be more rapidly
developed and successfully introduced into the marketplace.

Employees
---------

As of March 22, 2004, we had 33 full time employees, 17 of whom have
advanced scientific degrees. Of these employees, 29 are engaged in, or
directly supporting research and development activities and four are in
business administration positions. We have never experienced
employment-related work stoppages and consider that we maintain good
relations with our personnel. In addition, to complement our internal
expertise, we have contracts with scientific consultants, contract research
organizations and university research laboratories that specialize in various
aspects of drug development including clinical development, regulatory
affairs, toxicology, process scale-up and preclinical testing.

Web Availability
----------------

We make available free of charge through our web site,
www.accesspharma.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K and other
reports required under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as well as certain of our corporate governance policies,
including the charters for the Board of Director's audit, compensation and
nominating and corporate governance committees and our code of ethics,
corporate governance guidelines and whistleblower policy. We will
provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of any of the
foregoing materials. Any such request must be made in writing to Access
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 2600 Stemmons Freeway, Suite 176, Dallas, TX
75207 attn: Investor Relations.

Risk Factors
------------

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements that are
forward-looking within the meaning of Section 27a of the Securities Act
of 1933 and that involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited
to the uncertainties associated with research and development activities,
clinical trials, our ability to raise capital, the integration of acquired
companies and technologies, the timing of and our ability to achieve
regulatory approvals, dependence on others to market our licensed
products, collaborations, future cash flow, the timing and receipt of
licensing and milestone revenues, the future success of our marketed
products and products in development, our ability to manufacture
amlexanox products in commercial quantities, our sales projections, and
the sales projections of our licensing partners, our ability to achieve
licensing milestones and other risks described below as well as those
discussed elsewhere in this 10-K and documents incorporated by
reference.

We have experienced a history of losses and we expect to incur future losses.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

We have recorded minimal revenue to date and we have incurred a
cumulative operating loss of approximately $54.2 million through
December 31, 2003. Losses for the years ended 2003, 2002 and 2001
were $6,935,000, $9,384,000 and $6,027,000, respectively. Our
losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in research and
development activities related to our efforts to develop clinical candidates
and from the associated administrative costs. We expect to incur
significant additional operating losses over the next several years. We also
expect cumulative losses to increase due to expanded research and
development efforts and preclinical and clinical trials. Our net cash burn
rate for the twelve months of 2003 was $601,000 per month. We project
our net cash burn

                                  19
<PAGE>
rate for the next twelve months to be approximately
$400,000 per month. Capital expenditures are forecasted to be minor for
the next twelve months since most of our new equipment is leased and the
lease expense is included in the calculation of the net cash burn rate.

We do not have significant operating revenue and we may never attain
profitability.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

To date, we have funded our operations primarily through private sales of
common stock and convertible notes. Contract research payments and
licensing fees from corporate alliances and mergers have also provided
funding for our operations. Our ability to achieve significant revenue or
profitability depends upon our ability to successfully complete the
development of drug candidates, to develop and obtain patent protection
and regulatory approvals for our drug candidates and to manufacture and
commercialize the resulting drugs. We have not received significant
royalties for sales of amlexanox or Zindaclin(R) products to date and we
may not generate significant revenues or profits from the sale of these
products in the future. Furthermore, we may not be able to ever
successfully identify, develop, commercialize, patent, manufacture, obtain
required regulatory approvals and market any additional products.
Moreover, even if we do identify, develop, commercialize, patent,
manufacture, and obtain required regulatory approvals to market additional
products, we may not generate revenues or royalties from commercial
sales of these products for a significant number of years, if at all.
Therefore, our proposed operations are subject to all the risks inherent in
the establishment of a new business enterprise.  In the next few years, our
revenues may be limited to minimal royalties any amounts that we receive
under strategic partnerships and research or drug development
collaborations that we may establish and, as a result, we may be unable
to achieve or maintain profitability in the future or to achieve significant
revenues in order to fund our operations.

We may not successfully commercialize our drug candidates.
----------------------------------------------------------

Our drug candidates are subject to the risks of failure inherent in the
development of pharmaceutical products based on new technologies and
our failure to develop safe, commercially viable drugs would severely
limit our ability to become profitable or to achieve significant revenues.
We may be unable to successfully commercialize our drug candidates
because:

* some or all of our drug candidates may be found to be unsafe or
  ineffective or otherwise fail to meet applicable regulatory standards or
  receive necessary regulatory clearances;
* our drug candidates, if safe and effective, may be too difficult to
  develop into commercially viable drugs;
* it may be difficult to manufacture or market our drug candidates on a
  large scale;
* proprietary rights of third parties may preclude us from marketing our
  drug candidates; and
* third parties may market superior or equivalent drugs.

The success of our research and development activities, upon which we
primarily focus, is uncertain.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Our primary focus is on our research and development activities and the
commercialization of compounds covered by proprietary biopharmaceutical
patents and patent applications. Research and development activities, by
their nature, preclude definitive statements as to the time required and
costs involved in reaching certain objectives. Actual research and
development costs, therefore, could exceed budgeted amounts and
estimated time frames may require extension. Cost overruns, unanticipated
regulatory delays or demands, unexpected adverse side effects or
insufficient therapeutic efficacy will prevent or substantially slow our
research and development effort and our business could ultimately suffer.
We anticipate that we will remain principally engaged in research and
development activities for an indeterminate, but substantial, period of
time.

We may be unable to obtain necessary additional capital to fund operations
in the future.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

We require substantial capital for our development programs and operating
expenses, to pursue regulatory clearances and to prosecute and defend our
intellectual property rights. Although we believe that our existing capital
resources, interest income, product sales, royalties and revenue from
possible licensing agreements and collaborative agreements will be
sufficient to fund our currently expected operating expenses and capital
requirements through 2005, we may need to raise substantial additional
capital during that period to support our ongoing operations because our
actual cash requirements may vary materially from those now planned and
will depend upon numerous factors, including:

                                 20
<PAGE>
* the sales levels of our currently marketed products;

* the results of our research and development programs;

* the timing and results of preclinical and clinical trials;

* our ability to maintain existing and establish new collaborative
  agreements with other companies to provide funding to us;

* technological advances; and

* activities of competitors and other factors.

If we do raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, further dilution
to existing stockholders would result and future investors may be granted
rights superior to those of existing stockholders.  If adequate funds are not
available to us through additional equity offerings, we may be required to
delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research and
development programs or to obtain funds by entering into arrangements
with collaborative partners or others that require us to issue additional
equity securities or to relinquish rights to certain technologies or drug
candidates that we would not otherwise issue or relinquish in order to
continue independent operations.

We may be unable to successfully develop, market, or commercialize our
products or our product candidates without establishing new relationships
and maintaining current relationships.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Our strategy for the research, development and commercialization of our
potential pharmaceutical products may require us to enter into various
arrangements with corporate and academic collaborators, licensors,
licensees and others, in addition to our existing relationships with other
parties. Specifically, if we successfully develop any commercially
marketable pharmaceutical products, we may seek to enter joint venture,
sublicense or other marketing arrangements with parties that have an
established marketing capability or we may choose to pursue the
commercialization of such products on our own. We may, however, be
unable to establish additional collaborative arrangements, license
agreements, or marketing agreements as we may deem necessary to
develop, commercialize and market our potential pharmaceutical products
on acceptable terms. Furthermore, if we maintain and establish
arrangements or relationships with third parties, our business may depend
upon the successful performance by these third parties of their
responsibilities under those arrangements and relationships.  For our
commercialized products we currently rely upon the following
relationships in the following marketing territories:

* amlexanox 5% paste
 o Strakan Ltd. - United Kingdom and Ireland manufacturing and marketing rights
 o Zambon Group - France, Germany, Holland, Belgium, Luxembourg,
   Switzerland, Brazil, Colombia and Italy manufacturing and marketing rights
 o Laboratories Dr. Esteve SA - Spain, Portugal and Greece manufacturing
   and marketing rights
 o Meda, AB for Scandinavia, the Baltic states and Iceland marketing rights
 o Mipharm SpA for Italy manufacturing and marketing rights
 o Paladin Labs, Inc. for Canada manufacturing and marketing rights

Zindaclin(R) and Residerm(R)
 o Strakan Ltd. - worldwide manufacturing and marketing rights
 o Fujisawa GmbH - sublicensed continental Europe marketing rights
 o Taro - sublicensed Israel marketing rights
 o Various companies for other smaller countries - sublicensed marketing rights

Our ability to successfully commercialize, and market our products and
product candidates could be limited if a number of these existing
relationships were terminated.

Furthermore, our strategy with respect to our polymer platinate program
is to enter into a licensing agreement with a pharmaceutical company
pursuant to which the further costs of developing a product would be
shared with our licensing partner. Although we have had discussions with
potential licensing partners with respect to our polymer platinate program,
to date we have not entered into any licensing arrangement. We may be
unable to execute our licensing strategy for polymer platinate.

                                  21
<PAGE>
We may be unable to successfully manufacture our products and our
product candidates in clinical quantities or for commercial purposes
without the assistance of  contract manufacturers, which may be difficult
for us to obtain and maintain.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

We have limited experience in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products
in clinical quantities or for commercial purposes and we may not be able
to manufacture any new pharmaceutical products that we may develop. As
a result, we have established, and in the future intend to establish
arrangements with contract manufacturers to supply sufficient quantities
of products to conduct clinical trials and for the manufacture, packaging,
labeling and distribution of finished pharmaceutical products if any of our
potential products are approved for commercialization. If we are unable
to contract for a sufficient supply of our potential pharmaceutical products
on acceptable terms, our preclinical and human clinical testing schedule
may be delayed, resulting in the delay of our submission of products for
regulatory approval and initiation of new development programs, which
could cause our business to suffer. Delays or difficulties in establishing
relationships with manufacturers to produce, package, label and distribute
our finished pharmaceutical or other medical products, if any, market
introduction and subsequent sales of such products could cause our
business to suffer. Moreover, contract manufacturers that we may use
must adhere to current Good Manufacturing Practices, as required by the
FDA. In this regard, the FDA will not issue a pre-market approval or
product and establishment licenses, where applicable, to a manufacturing
facility for the products until after the manufacturing facility passes a pre-
approval plant inspection. If we are unable to obtain or retain third party
manufacturing on commercially acceptable terms, we may not be able to
commercialize our products as planned. Our potential dependence upon
third parties for the manufacture of our products may adversely affect our
profit margins and our ability to develop and deliver such products on a
timely and competitive basis.

Our amlexanox 5% paste is marketed in the US as Aphthasol(R). Block
Drug Company had manufactured the 5% amlexanox paste since the
product was approved by the FDA in 1996 in a Puerto Rico facility
certified by the FDA for Good Manufacturing Practices. At such time
when we acquired the US rights to Aphthasol(R). we entered into a Supply
Agreement whereby Block Drug Company was to produce Aphthasol(R) for
us for a defined period of time at its Puerto Rico facility. We were
subsequently advised by Block Drug Company that it was unable to
comply with the terms of the Supply Agreement and that it would not be
able to produce Aphthasol(R) for us. Due to Block Drug Company's
production failure, we had sufficient product to supply wholesalers only
through June 2003. We do not anticipate further sales of the product until
the second quarter of 2004. We acquired the rights to amlexanox 5% paste
from Block Drug Company on July 22, 2002. We have selected Contract
Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Canada as our new manufacturer of amlexanox 5%
paste and it has produced initial qualifying batches of the product. Full
scale production commenced in the first quarter of 2004.

Amlexanox 5% paste was approved by regulatory authorities for sale in
the UK and is currently in the approval process in the remaining EU
countries. We licensed manufacturing rights to Strakan, Zambon, Esteve
and Mipharm  for specific countries in Europe. Contract Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. Canada has also been selected as our European supplier of amlexanox
5% paste and a UK filing has been made to approve this facility for
European supply.

We licensed our patents for worldwide manufacturing and marketing for
Zindaclin(R) and the ResiDerm(R) technology to Strakan Ltd. for the
period of the patents. We receive a royalty on the sales of the product.
Strakan has a contract manufacturer for Zindaclin(R) in a European Union
approved facility. Zindaclin(R) was approved in the UK and seven
additional European Union countries and is currently under review for
approval in the remaining EU countries.

OraDisc(TM) was manufactured by a third party for our Phase III clinical
trials. Enough product was manufactured to cover the needs of the clinical
trials and testing. We finalized with a third party a contract for
manufacturing our product if our product gains regulatory approval.

AP5280 and AP5346 are manufactured by third parties for our Phase I/II
clinical trials. Manufacturing is ongoing for the current clinical trials.
Certain manufacturing steps are conducted by the Company to enable
significant cost savings to be realized.

Our mucoadhesive technology is manufactured by a third party for our
clinical trials.

                                  22
<PAGE>
We are subject to extensive governmental regulation which increases our
cost of doing business and may affect our ability to commercialize any
new products that we may develop.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The FDA and comparable agencies in foreign countries impose substantial
requirements upon the introduction of pharmaceutical products through
lengthy and detailed laboratory, preclinical and clinical testing procedures
and other costly and time-consuming procedures to establish their safety
and efficacy. All of our drug candidates will require governmental
approvals for commercialization, none of which have been obtained.
Preclinical and clinical trials and manufacturing of our drug candidates
will be subject to the rigorous testing and approval processes of the FDA
and corresponding foreign regulatory authorities. Satisfaction of these
requirements typically takes a significant number of years and can vary
substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product.
The status of our principal products is as follows:

* 5% amlexanox paste is an approved product for sale in the US
  (Aphthasol(R)); approved in the UK and Canada but not yet sold; and, in
  the approval process in the EU.

* Zindaclin(R) is an approved product for sale in the UK and seven
  additional European Union countries; in the approval process in the
  remaining EU countries; and waiting for finalized plans and approval
  to start a Phase III trial in the US.

* OraDisc(TM) has completed a Phase III clinical trial in the US and we
  filed an NDA.

* AP5280 has completed Phase I of its Phase I/II trial in Europe and we
  are analyzing the results to start the Phase II part of the trial.

* AP5346 is currently in a Phase I trial in Europe.

* Mucoadhesive liquid technology is planned to start a Phase III trial in
  the US in the second quarter of 2004.

* Vitamin mediated delivery technology is currently in the pre-clinical phase.

* We also have other products in the preclinical phase.

Due to the time consuming and uncertain nature of the drug candidate
development process and the governmental approval process described
above, we cannot assure you when we, independently or with our
collaborative partners, might submit a New Drug Application, or "NDA",
for FDA or other regulatory review.

Government regulation also affects the manufacturing and marketing of
pharmaceutical products. Government regulations may delay marketing of
our potential drugs for a considerable or indefinite period of time, impose
costly procedural requirements upon our activities and furnish a
competitive advantage to larger companies or companies more experienced
in regulatory affairs. Delays in obtaining governmental regulatory
approval could adversely affect our marketing as well as our ability to
generate significant revenues from commercial sales. Our drug candidates
may not receive FDA or other regulatory approvals on a timely basis or
at all. Moreover, if regulatory approval of a drug candidate is granted,
such approval may impose limitations on the indicated use for which such
drug may be marketed. Even if we obtain initial regulatory approvals for
our drug candidates, Access, and our drugs and our manufacturing
facilities would be subject to continual review and periodic inspection, and
later discovery of previously unknown problems with a drug,
manufacturer or facility may result in restrictions on the marketing or
manufacture of such drug, including withdrawal of the drug from the
market. The FDA and other regulatory authorities stringently apply
regulatory standards and failure to comply with regulatory standards can,
among other things, result in fines, denial or withdrawal of regulatory
approvals, product recalls or seizures, operating restrictions and criminal
prosecution.

The uncertainty associated with preclinical and clinical testing may affect
our ability to successfully commercialize new products.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Before we can obtain regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any
of our potential drugs, the drug candidates will be subject to extensive
preclinical and clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy in
humans.  Preclinical or clinical trials of any of our future drug candidates
may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy of such drug candidates at all
or to the extent necessary to obtain regulatory approvals. In this regard,
for example, adverse side effects can occur during the clinical testing of
a new drug on humans which may delay ultimate FDA approval or even
lead us to terminate our efforts to develop the drug for commercial use.
Companies in the biotechnology industry have suffered significant setbacks
in advanced clinical trials, even after demonstrating promising results in
earlier trials. In particular, OraDisc(TM) and AP5280 have taken longer
to progress through clinical trials than

                                  23
<PAGE>
originally planned. This extra time has not been related to concerns
of the formulations but rather due to the lengthy regulatory process.
The failure to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a
drug candidate under development could delay or
prevent regulatory approval of the drug candidate.  A delay or failure to
receive regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates could prevent
us from successfully commercializing such candidates and we could incur
substantial additional expenses in our attempts to further develop such
candidates and obtain future regulatory approval.

We may incur substantial product liability expenses due to the use or
misuse of our products for which we may be unable to obtain insurance
coverage.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Our business exposes us to potential liability risks that are inherent in the
testing, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products. These
risks will expand with respect to our drug candidates, if any, that receive
regulatory approval for commercial sale and we may face substantial
liability for damages in the event of adverse side effects or product defects
identified with any of our products that are used in clinical tests or
marketed to the public. We generally procure product liability insurance
for drug candidates that are undergoing human clinical trials. Product
liability insurance for the biotechnology industry is generally expensive,
if available at all, and as a result, we may be unable able to obtain
insurance coverage at acceptable costs or in a sufficient amount in the
future, if at all. We may be unable to satisfy any claims for which we
may be held liable as a result of the use or misuse of products which we
have developed, manufactured or sold and any such product liability claim
could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial
condition.

We may incur significant liabilities if we fail to comply with stringent
environmental regulations or if we did not comply with these regulations
in the past.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Our research and development processes involve the controlled use of
hazardous materials. We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local
governmental laws and regulations related to the use, manufacture,
storage, handling and disposal of such material and certain waste products.
Although we believe that our activities and our safety procedures for
storing, using, handling and disposing of such materials comply with the
standards prescribed by such laws and regulations, the risk of accidental
contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely
eliminated. In the event of such accident, we could be held liable for any
damages that result and any such liability could exceed our resources.

Intense competition may limit our ability to successfully develop and
market commercial products.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive
and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our competitors
in the United States and elsewhere are numerous and include, among
others, major multinational pharmaceutical and chemical companies,
specialized biotechnology firms and universities and other research
institutions.

The following products may compete with polymer platinum (AP5280)
and DACH platinum (AP5346):

* Cisplatin, marketed by Bristol-Myers-Squibb, the originator of the drug,
  and several generic manufacturers;
* Carboplatin, marketed exclusively by Bristol-Myers-Squibb; and
* Oxaliplatin, marketed exclusively by Sanofi-Synthelabo.

The following companies are working on therapies and formulations that
may be competitive with our polymer platinum (AP5280) and DACH
platinum (AP5346):

* Antigenics is developing liposomal formulations; and
* Cell Therapeutics, Daiichi, Enzon and Inhale are developing alternate
  drugs in combination with polymers.

The following products may compete with our Residerm(R) products:

* Benzamycin, marketed by a subsidiary of Aventis;
* Cleocin-T and a generic topical clindamycin, marketed by Pharmacia;
* Benzac, marketed by a subsidiary of L'Oreal; and

                                 24
<PAGE>
* Triaz, marketed by Medicis Pharmaceutical Corp.

Technology and prescription steroids such as Kenalog in OraBase,
developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb, may compete with our
commercialized Aphthasol(R) product. OTC products including Orajel
- Del Laboratories and Anbesol - Wyeth Consumer Healthcare also
compete in the aphthous ulcer market.

Companies working on therapies and formulations that may be competitive
with our vitamin mediated drug delivery system are Bristol-Myers-Squibb,
Centocor (acquired by Johnson & Johnson), GlaxoSmithKline, Imclone
and Xoma which are developing targeted monoclonal antibody therapy.

RxKinetics, Human Genome Sciences, Endo Pharmaceuticals and Amgen
are developing products to treat mucositis that may compete with the
mucoadhesive liquid technology.

Emisphere Technologies, Inc., Biovail Corporation, CIMA Labs, Inc.,
Depomed Inc. and Flamel Technologies are developing products which
compete with our oral drug delivery system.

Many of these competitors have and employ greater financial and other
resources, including larger research and development staffs and more
effective marketing and manufacturing organizations, than us or our
collaborative partners. As a result, our competitors may successfully
develop  technologies and drugs that are more effective or less costly than
any that we are developing or which would render our technology and
future products obsolete and noncompetitive.

In addition, some of our competitors have greater experience than we do
in conducting preclinical and clinical trials and obtaining FDA and other
regulatory approvals. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in
obtaining FDA or other regulatory approvals for drug candidates more
rapidly than we do.  Companies that complete clinical trials, obtain
required regulatory agency approvals and commence commercial sale of
their drugs before their competitors may achieve a significant competitive
advantage. Drugs resulting from our research and development efforts or
from our joint efforts with collaborative partners therefore may not be
commercially competitive  with our competitors' existing products or
products under development.

Our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our drug candidates
will substantially depend upon the availability of reimbursement funds for
the costs of the resulting drugs and related treatments.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

The successful commercialization of, and the interest of potential
collaborative partners to invest in, the development of our drug candidates
will depend substantially upon reimbursement of the costs of the resulting
drugs and related treatments at acceptable levels from government
authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, including
health maintenance organizations, or HMOs. To date, the costs of our
marketed products Aphthasol(R) and Zindaclin(R) generally have been
reimbursed at acceptable levels, however, the amount of such
reimbursement in the United States or elsewhere may be decreased in the
future or may be unavailable for any drugs that we may develop in the
future. Limited reimbursement for the cost of any drugs that we develop
may reduce the demand for, or price of such drugs, which would hamper
our ability to obtain collaborative partners to commercialize our drugs, or
to obtain a sufficient financial return on our own manufacture and
commercialization of any future drugs.

The market may not accept any pharmaceutical products that we
successfully develop.
-------------------------------------------------------------

The drugs that we are attempting to develop may compete with a number
of well-established drugs manufactured and marketed by major
pharmaceutical companies. The degree of market acceptance of any drugs
developed by us will depend on a number of factors, including the
establishment and demonstration of the clinical efficacy and safety of our
drug candidates, the potential advantage of our drug candidates over
existing therapies and the reimbursement policies of government and third-
party payers. Physicians, patients or the medical community in general
may not accept or use any drugs that we may develop independently or
with our collaborative partners and if they do not, our business could
suffer.

In 1996, the 5% amlexanox paste product was approved for sale in the
United States. To date, the product is not widely accepted in the
marketplace and its sales have not been significant. On July 22, 2002, we
acquired the rights

                                  25
<PAGE>
to it from Block Drug Company and we intend to re-launch it in the
second quarter of 2004. The product has been approved in the UK and
Canada but has not been launched in any markets other than the United States.

Trends toward managed health care and downward price pressures on
medical products and services may limit our ability to profitably sell any
drugs that we may develop.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lower prices for pharmaceutical products may result from:

* third-party payers' increasing challenges to the prices charged for
  medical products and services;

* the trend toward managed health care in the United States and the
  concurrent growth of HMOs and similar organizations that can control or
  significantly influence the purchase of healthcare services and products; and

* legislative proposals to reform healthcare or reduce government
  insurance programs.

The cost containment measures that healthcare providers are instituting,
including practice protocols and guidelines and clinical pathways, and the
effect of any health care reform, could limit our ability to profitably sell
any drugs that we may successfully develop. Moreover, any future
legislation or regulation, if any, relating to the healthcare industry or
third-party coverage and reimbursement, may cause our business to suffer.

We may not be successful in protecting our intellectual property and
proprietary rights.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain U.S. and foreign
patent protection for our drug candidates and processes, preserve our trade
secrets and operate our business without infringing the proprietary rights
of third parties. Legal standards relating to the validity of patents covering
pharmaceutical and biotechnological inventions and the scope of claims
made under such patents are still developing and there is no consistent
policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology patents.
The patent position of a biotechnology firm is highly uncertain and
involves complex legal and factual questions. We cannot assure you that
any existing or future patents issued to, or licensed by, us will not
subsequently be challenged, infringed upon, invalidated or circumvented
by others. As a result, although we, together with our subsidiaries, are
either the owner or licensee of technology to 26 U.S. patents and to 16
U.S. patent applications now pending, and 7 European patents and 17
European patent applications, we cannot assure you that any additional
patents will issue from any of the patent applications owned by, or
licensed to, us. Furthermore, any rights that we may have under issued
patents may not provide us with significant protection against competitive
products or otherwise be commercially viable.

Our patents for the following technologies expire in the years and during
the date ranges indicated below:

* 5% amlexanox paste in 2011
* Zindaclin(R) and Residerm(R) between 2007 and 2011
* OraDisc(TM) in 2020
* AP5280 in 2021
* AP5346 in 2021
* Mucoadhesive technology, patents are pending
* Vitamin mediated technology between 2003 and 2019

In addition, patents may have been granted to third parties or may be
granted covering products or processes that are necessary or useful to the
development of our drug candidates. If our drug candidates or processes
are found to infringe upon the patents or otherwise impermissibly utilize
the intellectual property of others, our development, manufacture and sale
of such drug candidates could be severely restricted or prohibited. In such
event, we may be required to obtain licenses from third parties to utilize
the patents or proprietary rights of others. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to obtain such licenses on acceptable terms, if at all. If we
become involved in litigation regarding our intellectual property rights or
the intellectual property rights of others, the potential cost of such
litigation, regardless of the strength of our legal position, and the potential
damages that we could be required to pay could be substantial.

                                  26
<PAGE>
Our business could suffer if we lose the services of, or fail to attract, key
personnel.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

We are highly dependent upon the efforts of our senior management and
scientific team, including our President and Chief Executive Officer,
Kerry Gray. The loss of the services of one or more of these individuals
could delay or prevent the achievement of our research, development,
marketing, or product commercialization objectives. While we have
employment agreements with Mr. Gray and David Nowotnik our Senior
Vice President Research and Development, their employment may be
terminated by them or us at any time. Mr. Gray's and Dr. Nowotnik's
agreements expire within one year and are extendable each year on the
anniversary date. We do not have employment contracts with our other
key personnel. We do not maintain any "key-man" insurance policies on
any of our key employees and we do not intend to obtain such insurance.
In addition, due to the specialized scientific nature of our business, we are
highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific
and technical personnel. In view of the stage of our development and our
research and development programs, we have restricted our hiring to
research scientists and a small administrative staff and we have made no
investment in manufacturing, production, marketing, product sales or
regulatory compliance resources. If we develop pharmaceutical products
that we will commercialize ourselves, however, we will need to hire
additional personnel skilled in the clinical testing and regulatory
compliance process and in marketing and product sales. There is intense
competition among major pharmaceutical and chemical companies,
specialized biotechnology firms and universities and other research
institutions for qualified personnel in the areas of our activities, however,
and we may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining these personnel.

Ownership of our shares is concentrated, to some extent, in the hands of
a few investors which could limit the ability of our other stockholders to
influence the direction of the company.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Heartland Advisors, Inc. and Larry N. Feinberg (Oracle Partners LP,
Oracle Institutional Partners LP and Oracle Investment Management Inc.)
each currently beneficially own approximately 12.1% of our common
stock as of March 22, 2004. Accordingly, they collectively may have the
ability to significantly influence or determine the election of all of our
directors or the outcome of most corporate actions requiring stockholder
approval. They may exercise this ability in a manner that advances their
best interests and not necessarily those of our other stockholders.

Provisions of our charter documents could discourage an acquisition of
our company that would benefit our stockholders and may have the effect
of entrenching, and making it difficult to remove, management.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and Stockholders
Rights Plan may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control
of our company, even if a change in control would benefit our
stockholders. In particular, shares of our preferred stock may be issued
in the future without further stockholder approval and upon such terms
and conditions, and having such rights, privileges and preferences, as our
Board of Directors may determine, including, for example, rights to
convert into our common stock. The rights of the holders of our common
stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of
the holders of any of our preferred stock that may be issued in the future.
The issuance of our preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility
in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes,
could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to
acquire control of us. This could limit the price that certain investors
might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock and
discourage these investors from acquiring a majority of our common
stock. Further, the existence of these corporate governance provisions
could have the effect of entrenching management and making it more
difficult to change our management.

Substantial sales of our common stock could lower our stock price.
------------------------------------------------------------------

The market price for our common stock could drop as a result of sales of
a large number of our presently outstanding shares. 15,314,816 shares of
our common stock that are outstanding as of March 22, 2004, 13,525,445
of which are unrestricted and freely tradable or tradable pursuant to a
resale registration statement or under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. An
additional 1,789,371 shares of common stock that are outstanding as of
March 22, 2004 are restricted but we have agreed to file a Form S-3
which will allow for the public resale of such shares.

                                  27
<PAGE>
We are not currently in compliance with AMEX continued listing
requirements and may not be able to maintain our AMEX listing.
--------------------------------------------------------------

Our common stock is presently listed on the American Stock Exchange
under the symbol "AKC". All companies listed on AMEX are required to
comply with certain continued listing standards, including maintaining
stockholders' equity at required levels. We are not in compliance with this
stockholders' equity standard as of March 22, 2004. However, we have
until November 2004 to become compliant with such equity standard. If
we are unable to remedy any listing standard noncompliance with AMEX
under its regulations, or otherwise regain compliance, we cannot assure
you that our common stock will continue to remain eligible for listing on
AMEX. In the event that our common stock is delisted from AMEX its
market value and liquidity could be materially adversely affected.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

We maintain one facility of approximately 17,000 square feet for
administrative offices and laboratories in Dallas, Texas. We have a lease
agreement for the facility, which terminates in March 2006. However, we
have an option for early termination. Adjacent space may be available for
expansion which we believe would accommodate growth for the
foreseeable future.

Our subsidiary, Access Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty. Limited, leases
approximately 7,000 square feet for offices and laboratories in Sydney,
New South Wales, Australia.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

William Hall ("Hall") filed suit against Access, and certain officers of
Access, in Dallas County, Texas, District Court, on or about February 7,
2003. Although the claims in Hall's complaint are not clearly delineated,
he appears to bring claims for fraud, conspiracy, and theft against all
defendants, and a claim for breach of contract against Access. Each of the
allegations relates to an allegedly unfulfilled contractual obligation to
deliver to Hall 45,000 warrants to purchase our stock. Hall alleges in his
complaint and in a subsequent letter that the warrants, had they been
delivered, could have been worth as much as $540,000. He seeks as
damages this amount, his attorney's fees, and an unstated amount of
punitive damages.

We answered Hall's complaint on March 3, 2003, and brought
counterclaims against him relating to certain alleged misrepresentations,
his failure to perform certain obligations to Access, and his interference
with the our right to enjoy certain contractual benefits. Discovery,
substantive fact investigation, and legal analysis have not been completed.
Access intends to be vigorous in both its defense of Hall's claims and its
pursuit of our counterclaims.

Mipharm S.p.A. ("Mipharm") filed an arbitration against Access in the
International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of
Commerce (the "ICC") on or about October 23, 2003. Mipharm claims
that we breached certain license agreements that existed between Mipharm
and Access by failing to (1) make commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain European Union regulatory approval for certain pharmaceutical
products and (2) inform Mipharm of all significant news and actions
relating to the approval process. Mipharm seeks damages of approximately
$350,000, and an order compelling us to perform pursuant to the license
agreements.

We have answered Mipharm's arbitration demand, and simultaneously
asserted counterclaims against Mipharm. In the counterclaims, Access
alleges, inter alia, that Mipharm has itself breached the license agreements
and is pursuing claims that it had previously agreed to release in exchange
for valuable consideration. We seek approximately $2.2 million in
damages.

On January 16, 2004, Mipharm commenced a related lawsuit in Texas
Federal Court, in which it alleges that one of Access's counterclaims
should have been brought before a different arbitral body. We have since
withdrawn the disputed counterclaim. Mipharm nonetheless continues to
pursue the Texas action. Our motion to dismiss is currently pending.

Discovery, substantive fact investigation, and legal analysis have only
recently begun in both the ICC arbitration and the Texas action. Access
intends to vigorously defend against Mipharm's claims and to pursue its
own counterclaims.

                                  28
<PAGE>
Del Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Del") filed a complaint against Access on or
about March 12, 2004, in the Court of Chancery in New Castle County,
Delaware. Each of the allegations in the complaint relates to allegedly
unfulfilled or breached contractual obligations that Del claims arose from
two confidentiality agreements entered into between Del and Access and
from a supposed license and supply agreement that Access did not
execute. The complaint seeks relief in the form of specific performance
of the supposed license and supply agreement, an unspecified amount of
money damages, and an order enjoining Access from misappropriating or
transferring Del's supposed confidential information or trade secrets to
third parties.

Discovery, substantive fact investigation, and detailed legal analysis have
not yet begun. We believe that the allegations in the complaint are without
merit and we intend to defend vigorously against all claims asserted. We
are also considering bringing counterclaims against Dell.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

Not applicable.

Executive Officers
------------------

Mr. Kerry P. Gray has been our President and Chief Executive Officer
and a director since January 1996. Prior to such time, from June 1993,
Mr. Gray served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Access
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a private Texas corporation. Previously, Mr. Gray
served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PharmaSciences,
Inc., a company he co-founded to acquire technologies in the drug
delivery area. From May 1990 to August 1991, Mr. Gray was Senior
Vice President, Americas, Australia and New Zealand of Rhone-Poulenc
Rorer, Inc. Prior to the Rorer/Rhone Poulenc merger, he had been Area
Vice President Americas of Rorer International Pharmaceuticals.
Previously, from January 1986 to May 1988, he was Vice President,
Finance of Rorer International Pharmaceuticals, having served in that
same capacity for the Revlon Health Care Group of companies before
their acquisition by Rorer Group. Between 1975 and 1985, he held various
senior financial positions with the Revlon Health Care Group.

David P. Nowotnik, Ph.D. has been Senior Vice President Research and
Development since January 2003 and had been Vice President Research
and Development from 1998. From 1994 until 1998, Dr. Nowotnik had
been with Guilford Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in the position of Senior
Director, Product Development and was responsible for a team of
scientists developing polymeric controlled-release drug delivery systems.
From 1988 to 1994 he was with Bristol-Myers Squibb researching and
developing technetium radiopharmaceuticals and MRI contrast agents.
From 1977 to 1988 he was with Amersham International leading the
project which resulted in the discovery and development of Ceretec.

Mr. Stephen B. Thompson has been Vice President since 2000 and our
Chief Financial Officer since 1996. From 1990 to 1996, he was Controller
and Administration Manager of Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a private
Texas corporation. Previously, from 1989 to 1990, Mr. Thompson was
Controller of Robert E. Woolley, Inc. a hotel real estate company where
he was responsible for accounting, finances and investor relations. From
1985 to 1989, he was Controller of OKC Limited Partnership, an oil and
gas company where he was responsible for accounting, finances and SEC
reporting. Between 1975 and 1985 he held various accounting and finance
positions with Santa Fe International Corporation.

                                  29
<PAGE>
                                PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
         STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Price Range of Common Stock and Dividend Policy
-----------------------------------------------

Our common stock has traded on the American Stock Exchange, or
AMEX, since March 30, 2000 under the trading symbol AKC. The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low
closing prices for our common stock as reported by AMEX for fiscal
years 2003 and 2002.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           Common Stock
                                        -------------------
                                          High        Low
                                        --------   --------
<S>                                     <C>        <C>
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2003
-----------------------------------
First quarter                            $  2.74    $  1.75
Second quarter                              3.50       1.81
Third quarter                               4.40       2.91
Fourth quarter                              5.50       3.75

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002
-----------------------------------
First quarter                            $  5.74    $  3.40
Second quarter                              3.80       1.40
Third quarter                               2.85       1.50
Fourth quarter                              2.18       1.05

</TABLE>

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our preferred stock
or common stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in
the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, in the future is
within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our
earnings, capital requirements and financial condition and other relevant
facts. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, to finance
the development and growth of our business.

The number of record holders of Access common stock at March 22, 2004
was approximately 5,800. On March 22, 2004, the closing price for the
common stock as quoted on the AMEX was $5.47. There were
15,315,523 shares of common stock outstanding at March 22, 2004.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
---------------------------------------

On February 24, 2004 we completed a private placement sale of our
common stock pursuant to which we sold 1,789,371 shares of our
common stock at a per share price of $5.40. We received gross proceeds
of $9,663,000 from these sales and had expenses of $615,000. The
investors also received warrants to purchase 447,344 shares of our
common stock which have a term of 5 years at an exercise price of $7.10
per share and the placement agents received warrants in the offering  to
purchase 156,481 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
$5.40 per share. The funds from the private placement will be used
principally for general corporate purposes to support our operations and
to fund clinical development of our portfolio of product candidates. The
shares and warrants are expected to be registered in a Form S-3 which will
initially be filed on or about March 24, 2004.

                                  30
<PAGE>
Equity Compensation Plan Information
------------------------------------

None

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
-------------------------------------

None

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (In Thousands, Except for Net Loss Per Share)

The following data has been derived from our audited consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form
10-K and prior audited consolidated financial statements of Access and
notes thereto. The data should be read in conjunction with the Financial
Statements and Notes thereto and "Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" appearing elsewhere in
this Form 10-K.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        For the Year Ended December 31,
                               ------------------------------------------------
                                 2003      2002      2001      2000      1999
                               --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
<S>                            <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss Data:
Total revenues                  $ 1,295   $ 1,147   $   243   $   107   $    15
Operating loss                   (8,213)   (8,700)   (6,308)   (6,058)   (3,364)
Interest and
  miscellaneous income            2,559       594     1,451       972        53
Interest expense                  1,281     1,278     1,170       342        12
Net loss                         (6,935)   (9,384)   (6,027)   (5,428)   (3,308)

Common Stock Data:
Net loss per basic and diluted
  common share                  $ (0.52)  $ (0.72)  $ (0.47)  $ (0.49)  $ (0.72)
Weighted average basic and
  diluted common shares
  outstanding                    13,267    13,104    12,857    11,042     4,611

                                                   December 31,
                               ------------------------------------------------
                                 2003      2002      2001      2000      1999
                               --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents and
  short term investments        $ 2,587   $ 9,776   $20,126   $25,809   $   869
Restricted cash                     649       468       600         -         -
Total assets                     11,811    19,487    25,487    30,526     4,600
Deferred revenue                  1,184     1,199       508       551       155
Convertible notes                13,530    13,530    13,530    13,530         -
Total liabilities                17,636    18,998    16,409    15,522       986
Total stockholders'
  equity (deficit)               (5,825)      489     9,078    15,004     3,614
</TABLE>

                                  31
<PAGE>
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
        AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K.

Overview
--------

We are an emerging pharmaceutical company focused on developing both
novel low development risk product candidates and technologies with
longer-term major product opportunities. We are a Delaware corporation.

Together with our subsidiaries, we have proprietary patents or rights to
eight drug delivery technology platforms:

* synthetic polymer targeted delivery,
* vitamin mediated targeted delivery,
* vitamin mediated oral delivery,
* bioerodible cross-linker technology,
* mucoadhesive disc technology,
* hydrogel particle aggregate technology,
* Residerm(R) topical delivery and
* carbohydrate targeting technology.

In addition, we are marketing in the United States - Aphthasol(R), the first
FDA approved product for the treatment of canker sores. We are
developing new formulations and delivery forms of amlexanox including
mucoadhesive disc delivery and mucoadhesive liquid delivery.

Our amlexanox 5% paste is marketed in the US as Aphthasol(R). Block
Drug Company had manufactured the 5% amlexanox paste since the
product was approved by the FDA in 1996 in a Puerto Rico facility
certified by the FDA for Good Manufacturing Practices. At such time
when we acquired the US rights to Aphthasol(R), we entered into a Supply
Agreement whereby Block Drug Company was to produce Aphthasol(R)
for us for a defined period of time at its Puerto Rico facility. We were
subsequently advised by Block Drug Company that it was unable to
comply with the terms of the Supply Agreement and that it would not be
able to produce Aphthasol(R) for us. Due to Block Drug Company's
production failure, we had sufficient product to supply wholesalers only
through June 2003. We do not anticipate further sales of the product until
the second quarter of 2004. We have selected Contract Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. Canada as our new manufacturer of amlexanox 5% paste and it has
produced initial qualifying batches of the product. Full scale production
has commenced in the first quarter of 2004.

Since our inception, we have devoted our resources primarily to fund our
research and development programs. We have been unprofitable since
inception and to date have received limited revenues from the sale of
products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate sufficient
product revenues to attain profitability on a sustained basis or at all. We
expect to incur losses for the next several years as we continue to invest
in product research and development, preclinical studies, clinical trials and
regulatory compliance. As of December 31, 2003, our accumulated deficit
was $54,227,000, of which $8,894,000 was the result of the write-off of
excess purchase price.

On February 24, 2004 we closed a private placement sale of our common
stock pursuant to which we sold 1,789,371 shares of our common stock
at a per share price of $5.40. We received gross proceeds of $9,663,000
from this sale and had expenses of $615,000. The investors also received
5 year warrants at an exercise price of $7.10 per share to purchase
447,344 shares of our common stock and the placement agents received
warrants in the offering at an exercise price of $5.40 per share to
purchase 156,481 shares of our common stock. The funds from the private
placement will be used principally for general corporate purposes to
support our operations and to fund clinical development of our portfolio
of product candidates.

                                  32
<PAGE>
Results of Operations
---------------------

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002
----------------------------------------------------

Our licensing revenue in 2003 was $729,000, as compared to licensing
revenue of $853,000 in 2002, a decrease of $124,000. We recognize
licensing revenue over the period of the performance obligation under our
licensing agreements. Licensing revenue recognized in both 2003 and
2002 was from several agreements, including agreements related to
various amlexanox projects and Residerm(R).

Product sales of Aphthasol(R) totaled $532,000 in 2003, as compared to
product sales of $194,000 in 2002. Our first sales were recorded in
December 2002. As a result of the Aphthasol(R) supply situation discussed
above, there have been no product sales of Aphthasol(R) since June 2003.

In 2002 we had a research and development agreement which provided
$89,000 in revenue. The agreement expired in 2002 and we had no such
revenue in 2003.

Royalty income for 2003 was $34,000 as compared to $11,000 in 2002,
an increase of $23,000. As our products are approved, marketed and
accepted, royalty income is expected to increase in future periods.

Our total research spending for the year ended December 31, 2003 was
$6,096,000, as compared to $7,024,000 in 2002, a decrease of $928,000.
The decrease in expenses was the result of:

* lower clinical development costs ($812,000) for the amlexanox OraDisc(TM)
  project; and
* lower development and clinical development costs for our polymer
  platinate project ($773,000).

These decreases were offset by:

* higher salary and salary related expenses due to additional staff
  ($278,000);
* higher expenses due to the full year impact of our Australian subsidiary
  ($254,000);
* higher internal lab costs due to the additional staff and projects
  ($102,000); and
* other net increases ($23,000).

Our cost of product sales was $277,000 for 2003 as compared to $107,000
in 2002. The commencement of our Aphthasol(R) sales began in the
fourth quarter of 2002.

Our total general and administrative expenses were $2,514,000 for 2003,
an increase of $237,000 over 2002 expenses of $2,277,000, due to:

* higher professional fees and expenses ($151,000);
* higher shareholder-investor relations expenses ($74,000);
* higher patent and license expenses ($60,000);
* higher salary and related expense ($50,000); and
* higher rent expenses ($31,000).

These increases were offset by lower withholding taxes on foreign
revenues ($129,000).

Depreciation and amortization was $621,000 in 2003 as compared to
$439,000 in 2002, an increase of $182,000 primarily resulting from the
acquisition of new capital equipment and a full year of amortization of
acquired patents.

Our loss from operations in 2003 was $8,213,000 as compared to a loss
of $8,700,000 in 2002.

                                  33
<PAGE>
Our interest and miscellaneous income was $2,559,000 for 2003 as
compared to $594,000 for 2002, an increase of $1,965,000. The increase
in miscellaneous income of $2,280,000 was due to a one time settlement
agreement with Block Drug Company relating to Block's contractual obligation
to supply Aphthasol(R) to us. Pursuant to the settlement, Block made a
onetime cash payment to us and we were also relieved of certain future payment
obligations to Block under the Asset Sale Agreement pursuant to which we
purchased from Block the assets relating to amlexanox. Under the
settlement agreement, Block was relieved of its obligation to supply
amlexanox to us. The increase in interest and miscellaneous income was
partially offset by a decrease in interest income due to lower cash balances
and lower interest rates in 2003 as compared with 2002.

Interest expense was $1,281,000 for 2003 as compared to $1,278,000 for
the same period in 2002, an increase of $3,000.

Net loss for 2003 was $6,935,000, or a $0.52 basic and diluted loss per
common share compared with a loss of $9,384,000, or a $0.72 basic and
diluted loss per common share, for 2002.

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2002 and 2001
----------------------------------------------------

Our licensing revenue in 2002 was $853,000, as compared to licensing
revenue of $243,000 in 2001, an increase of $610,000. We recognize
licensing revenue over the period of the performance obligation under our
licensing agreements. Licensing revenue recognized in both 2002 and
2001 was from several agreements, including agreements related to
various amlexanox projects and Residerm(R).

Product sales of Aphthasol(R) totaled $194,000 in 2002, our first sales
were recorded in December 2002.

We received research and development revenue of $89,000 and royalty
income in 2002, whereas we did not receive either of these types of
revenues in 2001. The research and development revenue was for a
project that is now completed and will not continue in the future. The
royalty income will continue since product sales started in 2002.

Our total research spending for the year ended December 31, 2002 was
$7,024,000, as compared to $4,174,000 in 2001, an increase of
$2,850,000. The increase in expenses was the result of:

* higher development and clinical development costs for our polymer
  platinate project ($997,000);
* higher clinical development costs ($1,148,000) for amlexanox
  development projects for OraDisc(TM);
* higher salary and salary related expenses due to additional staff
  ($579,000);
* higher expenses due to our Australian subsidiary ($341,000); and
* higher internal lab costs due to the additional staff and projects
  ($44,000).

These increases were offset by lower scientific consulting fees ($236,000)
and other net decreases ($23,000).

We expect our research spending to remain higher than it has been in
previous years as we intend to hire additional scientific staff, commence
additional clinical trials and accelerate preclinical development activities
as we continue to develop our product candidates.

Our cost of product sales was $107,000 for 2002 due to the
commencement of our Aphthasol(R) sales in the fourth quarter of 2002.

Our total general and administrative expenses were $2,277,000 for 2002
and $1,959,000 in 2001, an increase of $318,000  due to:

* higher salary and related expense ($92,000);
* higher withholding taxes on foreign revenues ($92,000);
* higher patent and license expenses ($85,000);
* higher rent expenses ($78,000);

                                  34
<PAGE>
* higher professional fees and expenses ($50,000); and
* other net increases ($60,000).

These increases were offset by lower shareholder-investor relations expenses
($111,000) and lower executive search fees ($28,000).

Depreciation and amortization was $439,000 in 2002 as compared to
$418,000 in 2001, an increase of $21,000.

Our loss from operations in 2002 was $8,700,000 as compared to a loss
of $6,308,000 in 2001.

Our interest and miscellaneous income was $594,000 for 2002 as
compared to $1,451,000 for 2001, a decrease of $857,000. The decrease
in interest income was due to lower net cash balances in 2002 and lower
interest rates.

Interest expense was $1,278,000 for 2002 as compared to $1,170,000 for
the same period in 2001, an increase of $108,000. The increase in interest
expense was due to higher interest accrued on the $13.5 million
convertible notes issued in September 2000 and amortization of debt
issuance costs.

Net loss for 2002 was $9,384,000, or a $0.72 basic and diluted loss per
common share compared with a loss of $6,027,000, or a $0.47 basic and
diluted loss per common share, for 2001.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
-------------------------------

On February 24, 2004 we closed a private placement sale of our common
stock pursuant to which we sold 1,789,371 shares of our common stock
at a per share price of $5.40. We received gross proceeds of $9,663,000
from this sales and had expenses of $615,000. The investors also received
5 year warrants at an exercise price of $7.10 per share to purchase
447,344 shares of our common stock and the placement agents received
warrants in the offering at an exercise price of $5.40 per share to
purchase 156,481 shares of our common stock. The funds from the private
placement will be used principally for general corporate purposes to
support our operations and to fund clinical development of our portfolio
of product candidates.  At February 27, 2004 our cash and cash
equivalents were $10,354,000.

We have funded our operations primarily through private sales of common
stock, convertible notes and our principal source of liquidity is cash and
cash equivalents. Contract research payments, licensing fees and milestone
payments from corporate alliances and mergers have also provided funding
for operations. As of December 31, 2003 our cash and cash equivalents
were $2,587,000 and our working capital was $1,206,000. Our working
capital at December 31, 2003 represented a decrease of $6,388,000 as
compared to our working capital as of December 31, 2002 of $7,594,000.
This decrease was due to our overall operating expenses and the interest
paid on the $13.5 million convertible notes offset by the revenues we
received.

We have incurred negative cash flows from operations since inception,
and have expended, and expect to continue to expend in the future,
substantial funds to complete our planned product development efforts.
Since inception, our expenses have significantly exceeded revenues,
resulting in an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2003 of
$54,227,000. We expect that our existing capital resources and anticipated
revenues will be adequate to fund our current level of operations through
2005. We cannot assure you that we will ever be able to generate
sufficient product revenue to achieve or sustain profitability.

We will expend substantial funds to conduct research and development
programs, preclinical studies and clinical trials of potential products,
including research and development with respect to our newly acquired
and developed technology. Our future capital requirements and adequacy
of available funds will depend on many factors, including:

* the successful commercialization of amlexanox and Zindaclin(R);

* the ability to establish and maintain collaborative arrangements with
  corporate partners for the research, development and commercialization
  of products;

* continued scientific progress in our research and development programs;

* the magnitude, scope and results of preclinical testing and clinical trials;

                                  35
<PAGE>
* the costs involved in filing, prosecuting and enforcing patent claims;

* competing technological developments;

* the cost of manufacturing and scale-up;

* the ability to establish and maintain effective commercialization
  arrangements and activities; and

* successful regulatory filings.

We have devoted substantially all of our efforts and resources to research
and development conducted on our own behalf. The following table
summarizes research and development spending by project category (in
thousands), which spending includes, but is not limited to, payroll and
personnel expense, lab supplies, preclinical expense, development cost,
clinical trial expense, outside manufacturing expense and consulting
expense:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       Three Months ended    Twelve Months ended
                           December 31,          December 31,      Inception
                      --------------------- --------------------      to
      Project            2003       2002       2003       2002     Date (1)
--------------------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                   <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Polymer Platinante
 (AP5280 and AP5346)   $   563    $   532    $  2,559   $  2,941   $  12,781
OraDisc(TM)                114        607       1,387      2,296       6,223
Bioerodible Hydrogel
  Technology and
  Nanoparticles and
  Nanoparticle Networks    312        224         978        811       2,348
Vitamin Mediated
  Targeted Delivery        225        192         614        341         955
Mucoadhesive Liquid
  Technology (MLT)         (14)        39          34        220       1,429
Others (2)                 348        215         524        415       4,767
                       --------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Total                  $ 1,548    $ 1,809    $  6,096   $  7,024   $  28,503
                       ========= ========== ========== ========== ==========
</TABLE>

(1) Cumulative spending from inception through December 31, 2003.
(2) The following projects are among the ones included in this line item:
    Carbohydrate targeting, amlexanox cream and gel and other related
    projects.

Due to uncertainties and certain of the risk factors described above,
including those relating to our ability to successfully commercialize our
drug candidates, our ability to obtain necessary additional capital to fund
operations in the future, our ability to successfully manufacture our
products and our product candidates in clinical quantities or for
commercial purposes, government regulation to which we are subject, the
uncertainty associated with preclinical and clinical testing, intense
competition that we face, market acceptance of our products and
protection of our intellectual property, it is not possible to reliably predict
future spending or time to completion by project or product category or
the period in which material net cash inflows from significant projects are
expected to commence.  If we are unable to timely complete a particular
project, our research and development efforts could be delayed or
reduced, our business could suffer depending on the significance of the
project and we might need to raise additional capital to fund operations,
as discussed in the risk factors above, including without limitation those
relating to the uncertainty of the success of our research and development
activities and our ability to obtain necessary additional capital to fund
operations in the future. As discussed in such risk factors, delays in our
research and development efforts and any inability to raise additional
funds could cause us to eliminate one or more of our research and
development programs.

We plan to continue our policy of investing available funds in certificates
of deposit, money market funds, government securities and investment-
grade interest-bearing securities, none of which matures in more than two
years. We do not invest in derivative financial instruments, as defined by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and 138.

                                  36
<PAGE>
We have issued an aggregate of  $13,530,000 of convertible notes, which
are due in two parts, $8,030,000 is due on September 13, 2005 and
$5,500,000 is due on September 13, 2007. The notes which bear interest
at a rate of 7.7% per annum with $1,041,000 of interest due annually on
each September 13, may convert to Common Stock at a conversion price
of $5.50 per share. Should the holders of the notes not elect to convert
them to common stock, or we are not able to force the conversion of the
notes by their terms, we must repay the amounts on the dates described
herein. We currently do not have the funds available to repay the
convertible notes.  We may need to restructure the terms of the notes as
we near the due date for repayment.  Any such restructuring could have
a significant impact on our capital structure and liquidity.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
------------------------------------------

The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United State of America requires us
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and
expenses during the reported period. In applying our accounting
principles, we must often make individual estimates and assumptions
regarding expected outcomes or uncertainties. As you might expect, the
actual results or outcomes are often different than the estimated or
assumed amounts. These differences are usually minor and are included
in our consolidated financial statements as soon as they are known. Our
estimates, judgments  and assumptions are continually evaluated based on
available information and experience. Because of the use of estimates
inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from
those estimates.

Revenue
-------

Revenue associated with up-front license, technology access and research
and development funding payments under collaborative agreements is
recognized based on an analysis of our contractual obligations ratably over
the performance period in the agreement. Determination of the performance
perid involves judgment on management's part.

Asset Impairment
----------------

On January 1, 2002, we adopted SFAS 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets." Upon adoption, we performed a transitional
impairment test on our recorded intangible assets that consisted primarily
of acquisition related goodwill and license intangibles. We also performed
an annual impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2003. The analysis
resulted in no goodwill impairment charge in 2003. We will be required
to perform this test on at least an annual basis.

Our intangible assets at December 31, 2003 consist primarily of goodwill,
patents acquired in acquisitions and licenses, which were recorded at fair
value on the acquisition date.

Based on an assessment of our accounting policies and underlying
judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, we
believe that our consolidated  financial statements provide a meaningful
and fair perspective of us. We do not suggest that other general factors,
such as those discussed elsewhere in this report, could not adversely
impact our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash
flows. The impairment test involves judgement on the part of management
as to the value of goodwill, licences and intangibles.

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions
------------------------------

None

                                  37
<PAGE>
Contractual Obligations
-----------------------

The Company's significant contractual obligations as of December 31,
2003 are set forth below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           Payment Due by Period
                    -------------------------------------------
                                      Less Than
                         Total         1 Year       1-3 Years
                    -------------  -------------  --------------
<S>                 <C>            <C>            <C>
Long-Term Debt
  Obligations        $ 14,361,000    $   338,000    $ 14,023,000

Operating Lease
  Obligations             390,000        176,000         214,000
                     ------------   ------------   -------------
Total                $ 14,751,000    $   514,000    $ 14,237,000
                     ============   ============   =============

</TABLE>

ITEM 7(a).  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We invest our excess cash and short-term investments in certificates of
deposit, corporate securities with high quality ratings, and U.S.
government securities. These investments are not held for trading or other
speculative purposes. These financial investment securities all mature in
2004 and their estimated fair value approximates cost. Changes in interest
rates affect the investment income we earn on our investments and,
therefore, impact our cash flows and results of operations. A hypothetical
50 basis point decrease in interest rates would result in a decrease in
annual interest income and a corresponding increase in net loss of
approximately $10,000. The estimated effect assumes no changes in our
short-term investments at December 31, 2003. We do not believe that we
are exposed to any market risks, as defined. We are not exposed to risks
for changes in commodity prices, or any other market risks.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Financial statements required by this Item are incorporated in this 10-K
on pages F-1 through F-21. Reference is made to Item 16 of this Form 10-K.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9(a).  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Access's management, with the participation of our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this annual
report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were (1) designed to ensure that material information relating
to Access, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report was being
prepared and (2) effective, in that they provide reasonable assurance that
information required to be disclosed by Access in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms.

                                  38
<PAGE>
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within Access have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or
mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts
of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based
in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and
there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, control may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Because of
the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.


                               PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

Directors.  The information required by this item with respect to directors
----------
(including with respect to the audit committee of our Board of Directors)
and reports of beneficial ownership will be contained in our definitive
Proxy Statement ("Proxy Statement") for our 2004 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on May 19, 2004 and is incorporated herein by
reference. We will file the Proxy Statement with the Securities and
Exchange Commission not later than April 29, 2004.

Code of Ethics.  We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
---------------
(the "Code") that applies to all of our employees (including executive
officers) and directors. The Code is available on our website at
www.accesspharma.com. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement
regarding any waiver of a provision of the Code applicable to any
executive officer or director, by posting such information on such website.
Access shall provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy
of the Code. Any such request must be made in writing to Access, c/o
Investor Relations, 2600 Stemmons Freeway, Suite 176, Dallas, TX
75207.

Our corporate governance guidelines and the charters of the audit
committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate
governance committee of the Board of Directors are available on our
website at www.accesspharma.com. Access shall provide to any person
without charge, upon request, a copy of any of the foregoing materials.
Any such request must be made in writing to Access, c/o Investor
Relations, 2600 Stemmons Freeway, Suite 176, Dallas, TX  75207.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

                                  39
<PAGE>
                               PART IV

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

a. Financial Statements and Exhibits                                Page
   ---------------------------------                                ----

1. Financial Statements. The following financial statements are
   submitted as part of this report:
   -------------------------------------------------------------

Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants                   F-1
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2003 and 2002            F-2
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
  for 2003, 2002 and 2001                                            F-3
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
  for 2003, 2002 and 2001                                            F-4
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for 2003, 2002 and 2001        F-5
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                           F-6

2. Financial Statement Schedules
   -----------------------------

No financial statement schedules are included because they are not
required or the information is included in the financial statements or notes
thereto.

3. Exhibits
   --------

Exhibit Number
--------------
2.1 Amended and Restated Agreement of Merger and Plan of
Reorganization between Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Chemex
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated as of October 31, 1995  (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit A of the our Registration Statement on Form S-4
dated December 21, 1995, Commission File No. 33-64031)

3.0 Articles of incorporation and bylaws:

3.1Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 3(a)
of our Form 8-B dated July 12, 1989, Commission File Number 9-9134)

3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed August
21, 1992

3.3 Certificate of Merger filed January 25, 1996.  (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit E of our  Registration Statement on Form S-4 dated
December 21, 1995, Commission File No. 33-64031)

3.4 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed January
25, 1996.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit E of our Registration
Statement on Form S-4 dated December 21, 1995, Commission File No.
33-64031)

3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
3.1 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1996)

3.6 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed July 18,
1996. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 of our Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1996)

3.7 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed June
18, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 of our Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended June 30, 1998)

3.8 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed July 31,
2000. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 of our Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2001)

3.9 Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock filed November 7, 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.h
of our Registration Statement on Form S-8, dated December 14, 2001,
Commission File No. 333-75136)

10.0 Material contracts:

10.1 Irrevocable Assignment of Proprietary Information with Dr. Charles
G. Smith (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of our Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 1991)

10.2 Asset Purchase and Royalty Agreement between Block Drug
Company, Inc. and us dated June 7, 1995  (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.28 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1995)

                                  40
<PAGE>
3.0 Exhibits (continued)
    --------------------
    Exhibit Number
    --------------

* 10.3 1995 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit F of
our Registration Statement on Form S-4 dated December 21, 1995,
Commission File No. 33-64031)

10.4 Patent Purchase Agreement dated April 5, 1994 between David F.
Ranney and Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.16 of the our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995)

10.5 First Amendment to Patent Purchase Agreement dated January 23,
1996 between David F. Ranney and us (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.17 of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995)

10.6 Lease Agreement between Pollock Realty Corporation and us dated
July 25, 1996 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of our Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1996)

10.7 Platinate HPMA Copolymer Royalty Agreement between The School
of Pharmacy, University of London and the Company dated November
19, 1996 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of our Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 1996)

10.8 Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated May 23,
1997 among us, Access Holdings, Inc and Tacora Corporation
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company's Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 1997)

10.9 License Agreement between Strakan Limited and us dated February
26, 1998 (Certain portions are subject to a grant of confidential treatment)
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of our  Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 1998)

10.10 Agreement between us and Block Drug Company, Inc. (Certain
portions are subject to a grant of confidential treatment) (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.13 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 1998)

*10.11 Employment Agreement of Mr. Kerry P. Gray (Incorporated by
reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated January 11,
1999, Commission File No. 333-62463)

10.12 Letter Agreement between us and David F. Ranney  (Incorporated
by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated January
11, 1999, Commission File No. 333-62463)

10.13 License Agreement between Block Drug Company and us dated
December 21, 1998 (Certain portions are subject to a grant of confidential
treatment)   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of our Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 1998)

10.14 Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of
February 23, 1999 among us, Access Holdings, Inc. and Virologix
Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company's
Form 8-K filed on August 3, 1999)

*10.15 Employment Agreement of David P. Nowotnik, PhD (Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of our Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 1999)

*10.16 401(k) Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of our
Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1999)

*10.17 2000 Special Stock Option Plan and Agreement (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.24 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2000)

10.18 Form of Convertible Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.24 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000)

10.19 Supplemental Lease Agreement between Pollock Realty Corporation
and us dated February 9, 2002. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.19 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002)

10.20 Rights Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2001 between the
Registrant and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights
Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of our Current Report
on Form 8-K dated October 19, 2001)

*10.21 2001 Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix
A of our Proxy Statement filed on April 16, 2001)

10.22 Supplemental Lease Agreement between Pollock Realty Corporation
and us dated September 15, 2002.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.24 of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001)

10.23 Amendment to 1995 Stock Option Plan  (Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.25 of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2001)

                                  41
<PAGE>
3.0 Exhibits (continued)
    --------------------
    Exhibit Number
    --------------

10.24 Asset Sale Agreement among BIOA Pty. Limited, Access
Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty. Limited, Human Therapeutics Limited and
us dated February 26, 2002. (Certain portions are subject to a grant of
confidential treatment) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of our
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002)

10.25 Asset Sale Agreement between Block Drug Company, Inc. and us
dated July 22, 2002. (Certain portions are subject to a grant of
confidential treatment) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of our
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002)

21. Subsidiaries of the registrant

23.0 Consent of Experts and Counsel

23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP Independent Auditors of the Company

31.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

* Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an
  Exhibit to this Form pursuant to Item 15(c) of the report

(b) Reports on Form 8-K
    -------------------

In a Form 8-K furnished to the SEC on November 7, 2003, the Registrant
reported under Item 12 "Disclosure of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition" a press release in which it announced its financial results for
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2003.

                                  42
<PAGE>
                              SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                          ACCESS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.


Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ Kerry P. Gray
     --------------                      -------------------
                                         Kerry P. Gray
                                         President and Chief Executive
                                         Officer

Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ Stephen B. Thompson
     --------------                      ------------------------
                                         Stephen B. Thompson
                                         Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
                                         and Treasurer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ Kerry P. Gray
     --------------                      -------------------
                                         Kerry P. Gray
                                         President and Chief Executive
                                         Officer, Director

Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ Stuart M. Duty
     --------------                      -------------------
                                         Stuart M. Duty, Director

Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ J. Michael Flinn
     --------------                      ---------------------
                                         J. Michael Flinn, Director

Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ Stephen B. Howell
     --------------                      ----------------------
                                         Stephen B. Howell, Director

Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ Max Link
     --------------                      --------------
                                         Max Link, Director

Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ Herbert H. McDade, Jr.
     --------------                      ---------------------------
                                         Herbert H. McDade, Jr., Director

Date March 23, 2004                   By: /s/ John J. Meakem
     --------------                      -------------------
                                         John J. Meakem, Jr., Director

                                  43
<PAGE>
            Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants

Board of Directors and Stockholders
Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Access
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and
2002, and the related consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2003. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Access
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and
2002, and the consolidated results of their operations and their
consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2003, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142,
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" on January 1, 2002.

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP
----------------------

GRANT THORNTON LLP

Dallas, Texas
March 13, 2004

                                  F-1
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         December 31, 2003  December 31, 2002
      ASSETS                               --------------    -------------
<S>                                        <C>               <C>
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                   $    727,000      $ 1,444,000
Short term investments, at cost                1,860,000        8,332,000
Accounts receivable                            1,149,000        1,184,000
Accrued interest receivable                       77,000           89,000
Inventory                                        108,000          461,000
Prepaid expenses and other current assets        898,000          852,000
                                           --------------   --------------
 Total current assets                          4,819,000       12,362,000

Property and equipment, net                    1,004,000          742,000

Debt issuance costs, net                         313,000          496,000

Patents, net                                   2,652,000        2,991,000

Licenses, net                                    367,000          449,000

Goodwill                                       1,868,000        1,868,000

Other assets                                     788,000          579,000
                                           --------------   --------------
Total assets                                $ 11,811,000     $ 19,487,000
                                           ==============   ==============

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Current liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued expenses       $  1,780,000     $  2,469,000
Accrued interest payable                         311,000          311,000
Deferred revenues                              1,184,000        1,199,000
Current portion of note payable
  and other future obligations                   338,000          789,000
                                           --------------   --------------
Total current liabilities                      3,613,000        4,768,000

Long-term obligations for
  purchased patents                              211,000          346,000

Note payable, net of current portion             282,000          354,000

Convertible notes                             13,530,000       13,530,000
                                           --------------   --------------
Total liabilities                             17,636,000       18,998,000
                                           --------------   --------------

Commitments and contingencies                          -                -

Stockholders' equity (deficit)
Preferred stock - $.01 par value;
  authorized 2,000,000 shares;
  none issued or outstanding                           -                -
Common stock - $.01 par value;
  authorized 50,000,000 shares;
  issued, 13,397,034 at December 31, 2003
  and 13,159,119 at December 31, 2002            134,000          132,000
Additional paid-in capital                    49,597,000       48,989,000
Notes receivable from stockholders            (1,045,000)      (1,045,000)
Unamortized value of restricted
  stock grants                                  (294,000)        (277,000)
Treasury stock, at cost - 819 shares              (4,000)          (4,000)
Accumulated other comprehensive
  income (loss)                                   14,000          (14,000)
Accumulated deficit                          (54,227,000)     (47,292,000)
                                           --------------   --------------
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)          (5,825,000)         489,000
                                           --------------   --------------

Total liabilities and stockholders'
  equity (deficit)                          $ 11,811,000     $ 19,487,000
                                           ==============   ==============
</TABLE>

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                  F-2
<PAGE>
           Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                         -------------------------------------
                                             2003         2002         2001
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>          <C>
Revenues
License revenues                         $   729,000  $   853,000  $   243,000
Product sales                                532,000      194,000            -
Research and development                           -       89,000            -
Royalty income                                34,000       11,000            -
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------
Total revenues                             1,295,000    1,147,000      243,000

Expenses
Research and development                   6,096,000    7,024,000    4,174,000
Cost of product sales                        277,000      107,000            -
General and administrative                 2,514,000    2,277,000    1,959,000
Depreciation and amortization                621,000      439,000      418,000
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------
Total expenses                             9,508,000    9,847,000    6,551,000
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------

Loss from operations                      (8,213,000)  (8,700,000)  (6,308,000)

Other income (expense)
Interest and miscellaneous income          2,559,000      594,000    1,451,000
Interest and debt expense                 (1,281,000)  (1,278,000)  (1,170,000)
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------
                                           1,278,000     (684,000)     281,000
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------

Net loss                                 $(6,935,000) $(9,384,000) $(6,027,000)
                                         ===========  ===========  ===========

Basic and diluted loss per common share       $(0.52)      $(0.72)      $(0.47)
                                         ===========  ===========  ===========

Weighted average basic and diluted
 common shares outstanding                13,266,733   13,104,060   12,856,639
                                         ===========  ===========  ===========

Net loss                                 $(6,935,000) $(9,384,000) $(6,027,000)
Other comprehensive income (loss)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment      28,000      (14,000)           -
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------
Comprehensive loss                       $(6,907,000) $(9,398,000) $(6,027,000)
                                         ===========  ===========  ===========
</TABLE>

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                 F-3
<PAGE>
           Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   Accumulated
                                                               Notes       Unamortized               other
                                Common Stock     Additional  receivable     value of              comprehensive
                             -------------------  paid-in       from       restricted   Treasury     income    Accumulated
                             Shares     Amount  capital   stockholders  stock grants    stock      (loss)      deficit
---------------------------- ---------- -------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ---------- ----------- -------------
<S>                          <C>        <C>      <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>
Balance, January 1, 2001     12,845,000 $132,000 $47,802,000 $(1,045,000)  $        -   $  (4,000) $       -  $(31,881,000)

Common stock issued for cash
  exercise of  warrants          13,000        -      33,000           -            -           -          -             -
Common stock issued for
  cashless exercise of
  warrants and SARs               7,000        -      41,000           -            -           -          -             -
Issuance of restricted
  stock grants                   44,000        -     181,000           -     (181,000)          -          -             -
Amortization of restricted
  stock grants                        -        -           -           -       27,000           -          -             -
Net loss                              -        -           -           -            -           -          -    (6,027,000)
                             ---------- -------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ----------- ---------- --------------
Balance, December 31, 2001   12,909,000  132,000  48,057,000  (1,045,000)    (154,000)     (4,000)         -   (37,908,000)

Common stock for cash exercise
  of warrants and options        13,000        -      31,000           -            -           -          -             -
Common stock issued for cashless
  exercise of warrants           14,000        -           -           -            -           -          -             -
Common stock issued,
  purchase of assets            173,000        -     632,000           -            -           -          -             -
Warrants issued                       -        -      80,000           -            -           -          -             -
Issuance of restricted
  stock grants                   50,000        -     189,000           -     (190,000)          -          -             -
Other comprehensive loss              -        -           -           -            -           -    (14,000)            -
Amortization of restricted
  stock grants                        -        -           -           -       67,000           -          -             -
Net loss                              -        -           -           -            -           -          -    (9,384,000)
                             ---------- -------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------- ---------- -------------
Balance, December 31, 2002   13,159,000  132,000  48,989,000  (1,045,000)    (277,000)     (4,000)   (14,000)  (47,292,000)

Common stock issued for
  cash exercise of warrants
  and options                   103,000    1,000     266,000           -            -           -          -             -
Common stock issued for cashless
  exercise of warrants           80,000    1,000      (1,000)          -            -           -          -             -
Warrants issued                       -        -     233,000           -            -           -          -             -
Issuance of restricted
  stock grants                   55,000        -     110,000           -     (111,000)          -          -             -
Other comprehensive income            -        -           -           -            -           -     28,000             -
Amortization of restricted
  stock grants                        -        -           -           -       94,000           -          -             -
Net loss                              -        -           -           -            -           -          -    (6,935,000)
                             ---------- -------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ------------ --------- --------------
Balance, December 31, 2003   13,397,000 $134,000 $49,597,000 $(1,045,000)    $294,000     $(4,000)   $14,000  $(54,227,000)
                             ========== ======== =========== ============ =========== ============ ========= ==============
</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                  F-4
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Year ended December 31,
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                           2003          2002          2001
                                       ------------  ------------  ------------
<S>                                    <C>           <C>           <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net loss                               $ (6,935,000) $ (9,384,000) $ (6,027,000)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
 net cash used in operating activities:
Warrants issued in payment of
 consulting expenses                         57,000        37,000        41,000
Amortization of restricted stock grants      94,000        64,000        27,000
Depreciation and amortization               621,000       439,000       418,000
Amortization of debt costs                  183,000       183,000       182,000
Other long-term obligations                       -        43,000            -
Change in operating assets and liabilities:
 Accounts receivable                         35,000    (1,101,000)      168,000
 Accrued interest receivable                 12,000        21,000        86,000
 Inventory                                  353,000      (461,000)            -
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets  130,000      (241,000)     (478,000)
 Other assets                              (209,000)      130,000        (1,000)
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses     (689,000)      983,000       328,000
 Accrued interest payable                         -         1,000        27,000
 Deferred revenue                           (15,000)      691,000       (43,000)
                                         -----------  ------------  ------------
Net cash used in operating activities    (6,363,000)   (8,595,000)   (5,272,000)

Cash flows from investing activities:
Capital expenditures                       (462,000)     (403,000)     (419,000)
Redemptions (purchases) of short-term
  investments and certificates of
  deposit, net                            6,472,000     4,368,000    (4,094,000)
Purchase of businesses,
  net of cash acquired                            -    (1,313,000)            -
                                         -----------  ------------  ------------
Net cash provided by investing activities 6,010,000     2,652,000     3,675,000

Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from notes payable                 126,000             -       600,000
Payments of notes payable                  (784,000)     (107,000)      (25,000)
Proceeds from stock issuances, net          266,000        32,000        33,000
                                         -----------  ------------  ------------
Net cash provided by (used in)
  financing activities                     (392,000)      (75,000)      608,000
                                         -----------  ------------  ------------

Net increase (decrease) in cash
  and cash equivalents                     (745,000)   (6,018,000)     (989,000)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash      28,000        36,000             -
Cash and cash equivalents at
  beginning of period                     1,444,000     7,426,000     8,415,000
                                        ------------  ------------  ------------
Cash and cash equivalents at
  end of period                          $  727,000    $1,444,000    $7,426,000
                                        ============  ============  ============
Cash paid for interest                   $1,281,000 $1,083,000 $959,000
Cash paid for income taxes                        - - -

Supplemental disclosure of noncash transactions
Acquisitions of Australia patents
Assets acquired                                   - 676,000 -
Stock and warrants issued                         - (676,000) -

</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                  F-5
<PAGE>
               Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Nature of Operations
--------------------

Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a diversified emerging pharmaceutical
company engaged in the development of novel therapeutics based
primarily on the adaptation of existing therapeutic agents using its
proprietary drug delivery platforms. We operate in a single industry
segment. Our efforts have been principally devoted to research and
development, resulting in significant losses since inception on February
24, 1988. Prior to 2002, we presented our financial statements as a
development stage enterprise. We no longer consider ourselves to be in
the development stage.

A summary of the significant accounting policies applied in the
preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements follows.

Principles of Consolidation
---------------------------

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of
Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and our  wholly-owned subsidiaries. All
significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
-------------------------

We consider all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of
three months or less to be cash equivalents for purposes of the statements
of cash flows. We invest our excess cash in government and corporate
securities. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash in banks,
money market funds and short-term corporate securities. All other
investments are reported as short-term investments.

Short-term Investments
----------------------

All short term investments are classified as held to maturity. The cost of
debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of
discounts to maturity. Such amortization is included in interest income.
The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.

Property and Equipment
----------------------

Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is provided
using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from
three to seven years.

Patents and Applications
------------------------

We expense internal patent and application costs as incurred because, even
though we believe the patents and underlying processes have continuing
value, the amount of future benefits to be derived therefrom are uncertain.
Purchased patents are capitalized and amortized over the life of the patent.

Licenses
--------

We recognize the purchase cost of licenses and amortize them over their
estimated useful lives.

                                  F-6
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                   Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -
         Continued

Revenue Recognition
-------------------

Licensing revenues are recognized over the period of our performance
obligation. Licensing agreements generally require payments of fees on
executing the agreement with milestone payments based on regulatory
approvals and cumulative sales. Some agreements allow for the return of
a portion of the initial execution fee if regulatory approvals are not
received. Many of our agreements are for ten years with automatic
extensions. Sponsored research and development revenues are recognized
as research and development activities are performed under the terms of
research contracts. Advance payments received are recorded as unearned
revenue until the related research activities are performed. Royalty income
is recognized as earned at the time the licensed product is sold. Option
revenues are recognized when the earnings process is completed pursuant
to the terms of the respective contract.

Revenue from product sales is recognized when the customer's order is
shipped from our third party logistics company's warehouse.

Research and Development Expenses
---------------------------------

Pursuant to SFAS No. 2, "Accounting for Research and Development
Costs," our research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
Research and development expenses include, but are not limited to,
payroll and personnel expense, lab supplies, preclinical, development cost,
clinical trial expense, outside manufacturing and consulting.

Income Taxes
------------

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax
bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period
that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided for
deferred tax assets to the extent their realization is in doubt

Loss Per Share
--------------

We have presented basic loss per share, computed on the basis of the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year,
and diluted loss per share, computed on the basis of the weighted average
number of common shares and all dilutive potential common shares
outstanding during the year. Potential common shares result from stock
options, convertible notes and warrants. However, for all years presented,
stock options, convertible notes and warrants are anti-dilutive.

                                 F-7
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                   Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -
         Continued

Acquisition-Related Intangible Assets and Change In Accounting Principles
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Effective January 1, 2002, we adopted SFAS 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets." Under SFAS 142, goodwill is no longer amortized but
is subject to an impairment test at least annually or more frequently if
impairment indicators arise. Separately identified and recognized
intangible assets resulting from business combinations completed before
July 1, 2001 that did not meet the new criteria for separate recognition of
intangible assets were subsumed in goodwill upon adoption. The intangible
assets of the company that did not meet the separate recognition criteria
were licenses and acquired patents. We continue to amortize intangible
assets that meet the new criteria over their useful lives. In accordance with
SFAS 142, we performed a transitional impairment test of goodwill as of
January 1, 2002, and an annual test in the fourth quarter of 2003 and
2002, which did not result in an impairment of goodwill.

Intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     December 31, 2003      December 31, 2002
                                  ---------------------- -----------------------
                                    Gross                 Gross
                                   carrying  Accumulated carrying   Accumulated
                                    value   amortization   value    amortization
                                  --------- ------------ ---------- ------------
<S>                               <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>
Amortizable intangible assets
  Patents                          $ 3,179   $    527     $ 3,179    $    188
  Licenses                             830        463         830         381
                                  --------- ------------ ---------- ------------
Total                              $ 4,009   $    990     $ 4,009    $    569
                                  ========= ============ ========== ============

Intangible assets not subject to
    amortization

  Goodwill                         $ 2,464   $    596     $ 2,464    $    596
                                  ========= ============ ========== ============
</TABLE>

Amortization expense related to intangible assets totaled $421,000,
$301,000 and $359,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2003,
2002 and 2001, respectively. The aggregate estimated amortization
expense for intangible assets remaining as of December 31, 2003 is as
follows (in thousands):

2004        $  421
2005           421
2006           421
2007           396
2008           371
Thereafter     989
            -------
Total       $3,019
            =======

                                  F-8
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -
         Continued

Net loss and loss per share for the twelve months ended December 31,
2003 and 2002, adjusted to exclude goodwill amortization expense, is as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Twelve months ended December 31,
                                         ----------------------------------
                                            2003        2002        2001
                                         ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                      <C>         <C>         <C>
Net loss
 Reported net loss allocable
   to common stockholders                 $ (6,935)   $ (9,384)   $ (6,027)
 Goodwill amortization                           -           -         246
                                         ----------  ----------  ----------
 Adjusted net loss allocable
  to common stockholders                  $ (6,935)   $ (9,384)   $ (5,781)
                                         ==========  ==========  ==========

Basic and diluted loss per share
 Reported basic and diluted
   loss per share                            $(.52)      $(.72)     $(.47)
 Goodwill amortization                           -           -        .02
                                         ----------  ----------  ---------
 Adjusted basic and diluted
   loss per share                            $(.52)      $(.72)     $(.45)
                                         ==========  ==========  =========
</TABLE>

Stock-Based Compensation
------------------------

We account for our stock option plan in accordance with the provisions
of Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees, and related interpretations. Compensation expense
is recorded only if the current market price of the underlying stock exceeds
the exercise price on the date of grant. We have adopted the disclosure
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 123,
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, which recognizes the fair value of
all stock-based awards on the date of grant.

At December 31, 2003 we had two stock-based employee compensation
plans, which are described more fully in Note 11. No stock-based
employee compensation cost, other than compensation associated with
options assumed in acquisitions, is reflected in net loss, as all options
granted under those plans had an exercise price equal to the market value
of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. The following table
illustrates the effect on net loss and net loss per share if we had applied
the fair value recognition of SFAS 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation, to stock-based employee compensation.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                               December 31,
                                  -------------------------------------
                                      2003         2002         2001
                                  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                               <C>          <C>          <C>
Net loss
  As reported                     $(6,935,000) $(9,384,000) $(6,027,000)
  Pro forma stock option expense   (1,232,000)  (1,662,000)  (1,565,000)
                                  -----------  -----------  -----------
  Pro forma                        (8,167,000) (11,046,000)  (7,592,000)
                                  ===========  ===========  ===========
Basic and diluted loss per share
  As reported                           ($.52)       ($.72)       ($.47)
  Pro forma stock option expense         (.09)        (.12)        (.12)
                                  -----------  -----------  -----------
  Pro forma                             ($.61)       ($.84)       ($.59)
                                  ===========  ===========  ===========
</TABLE>

                                  F-9
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                  Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -
         Continued

Stock compensation expense for options granted to nonemployees has been
determined in accordance with SFAS 123 and EITF 96-18, "Accounting
for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other Than Employees for
Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or Services," as the fair
value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity
instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measured.

Use of Estimates
----------------

In preparing consolidated financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.

We tested goodwill for impairment based on estimates of fair value. It is
at least reasonably possible that the estimates used by us will be materially
different from actual amounts. These differences could result in the
impairment of all or a portion of our goodwill, which could have a
materially adverse effect on our results of operations.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
------------------------------------

The carrying value of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and
certificates of deposit approximates fair value due to the short maturity of
these items. It is not practical to estimate the fair value of the Company's
long-term debt because quoted market prices do not exist and there were
no available securities as a basis to value our debt.

                                 F-10
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                    Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 2 - SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

Short-term investments consist of certificates of deposit maturing from
March 2003 through April 2004.

NOTE 3 - ACQUISITIONS

Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Access Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty.
Limited acquired the targeted therapeutic technology business of Biotech
Australia Pty. Ltd under an Asset Sale Agreement dated February 26,
2002. Under the terms of the Asset Sale Agreement, Access
Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty. Limited acquired the patents to three
targeted therapeutics technologies and retained the scientific group that has
developed this technology. The total consideration payable by us will be
paid in a combination of cash and stock over a three-year period and is
dependent on the achievement of certain technology milestones. We paid
$500,000 at closing and an additional total of up to $525,000 will be paid
over a three-year period. Additionally up to $350,000 may be payable if
events occur that result in certain new agreements. We also issued as
consideration 172,584 shares of our common stock (valued at $633,000)
and warrants to purchase 25,000 shares of our common stock at an
exercise price of $5.00 per share (valued at $43,000 using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model).

The three patented targeted therapeutic technologies acquired in this
transaction are:

* folate conjugates of polymer therapeutics to enhance tumor delivery by
  targeting folate receptors which are upregulated in certain tumor types;
* the use of vitamin B12 to target the transcobalamin II receptor which is
  upregulated in numerous diseases including cancer, rheumatoid arthritis
  and certain neurological and autoimmune disorders; and
* oral delivery of a wide variety of molecules, which cannot otherwise be
  orally administered, using the active transport mechanism which transports
  vitamin B12 into the systemic circulation.

The cost of the acquisition has been assigned principally to patents and
will be amortized over the remaining useful life of the patents which
averages ten years.

On July 22, 2002, we acquired from GlaxoSmithKline the patents,
trademarks and technology covering the use of amlexanox for the
treatment of mucosal and skin disorders. The two major components of
the acquisition are the US marketing rights to amlexanox 5% paste which
is currently marketed for the treatment of canker sores under the
trademark Aphthasol(R), and the remaining worldwide marketing rights for
this indication which were the subject of a prior licensing agreement
between the companies. Under the terms of the agreement, we made an
initial upfront payment of $750,000 and an additional payment of
$250,000 on January 22, 2003.

NOTE 4 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Under a former consulting agreement between Thoma Corporation
("Thoma") and us, Thoma received payments for consulting services and
reimbursement of direct expenses. Herbert H. McDade, Jr., our Chairman
of the Board of Directors, is an owner of Thoma Corp. Thoma received
payments for consulting services and was also reimbursed for expenses as
follows:

         Consulting      Expense
 Year       Fees      Reimbursement
------  ------------  -------------
 2002     $ 18,000        $  -
 2001       54,000           -

                                  F-11
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 4 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

Stephen B. Howell, M.D., a Director, receives payments for consulting
services and reimbursement of direct expenses and has also received
warrants for his consulting services. Dr. Howell's payments for consulting
services, expense reimbursements and warrants are as follows:

        Consulting     Expense                Exercise   Fair
 Year      Fees     Reimbursement  Warrants    Price     Value
------  ----------  -------------  --------  ---------  -------
 2003    $ 60,000      $ 6,000      30,000      $3.00   $30,000
 2002      55,000        3,000      10,000       4.91    37,000
 2001     101,000       16,000      15,000       3.00    41,000

See Note 10 for a discussion of our Restricted Stock Purchase Program.

NOTE 5 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment consists of the following:

                                                  December 31,
                                          --------------------------
                                              2003          2002
                                          ------------  ------------
Laboratory equipment                      $ 1,972,000   $ 1,524,000
Laboratory and building improvements          166,000       157,000
Furniture and equipment                       196,000       191,000
                                          ------------  ------------
                                            2,334,000     1,872,000
Less accumulated depreciation
  and amortization                          1,330,000     1,130,000
                                          ------------  ------------
Net property and equipment                $ 1,004,000   $   742,000
                                          ============  ============

Depreciation and amortization on property and equipment was $200,000,
$138,000, and $57,000 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and
2001, respectively.

NOTE 6 - 401(k) PLAN
We have a tax-qualified employee savings and retirement plan (the "401(k)
Plan") covering all our employees. Pursuant to the 401(k) Plan, employees
may elect to reduce their current compensation by up to the statutorily
prescribed annual limit ($12,000 in 2003; $11,000 in 2002; and $10,500
in 2001) and to have the amount of such reduction contributed to the
401(k) Plan. We have a 401(k) matching program whereby we contribute
for each dollar a participant contributes a like amount, with a maximum
contribution of 2% of a participant's earnings. The 401(k) Plan is intended
to qualify under Section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code so that
contributions by employees or by us to the 401(k) Plan, and income
earned on 401(k) Plan contributions, are not taxable to employees until
withdrawn from the 401(k) Plan, and so that contributions by us, if any,
will be deductible by us when made. At the direction of each participant,
we invest the assets of the 401(k) Plan in any of 23 investment options.
Company contributions under the 401(k) Plan were approximately $45,000
in 2003; $37,000 in 2002; and $32,000 in 2001.

                                  F-12
<PAGE>
              Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                    Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 7 - NOTE PAYABLE AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS

On September 20, 2001, we completed a $600,000 installment loan with
a bank. The loan was used to purchase capital equipment and for leasehold
improvements to expand our laboratory and office space. The loan is due
in 60 equal installments, including interest at 6.5%. The loan is secured
by a $354,000 certificate of deposit classified as an other asset at
December 31, 2003.

On February 26, 2002, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Access
Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty. Limited acquired the targeted therapeutic
technology business of Biotech Australia Pty. Ltd under an Asset Sale
Agreement. We will pay $175,000 each February 26, starting in 2003, for
a total of up to $525,000, over a three-year period.

Future maturities of the note payable and other obligations are as follows:

    2004       $ 338,000
    2005         330,000
    2006         110,000
Thereafter        53,000
               ----------
               $ 831,000
               ==========

NOTE 8 - CONVERTIBLE NOTES

On September 20, 2000, we completed a $13.5 million convertible note
offering. The offering was placed with three investors. Our convertible
notes are due in two parts, $8,030,000 due on September 13, 2005 and
$5,500,000 due on September 13, 2007. The notes bear interest at 7.7%
per annum with $1,041,000 of interest due annually on September 13th.
The notes have a fixed conversion price of $5.50 per share of common
stock and may be converted by the note holder or us under certain
circumstances as defined in the note. If the notes are not converted we
will have to repay the notes on the due dates. Total expenses of issuance
were $915,000 and are amortized over the life of the notes.

NOTE 9 - COMMITMENTS

At December 31, 2003, we have commitments under noncancelable
operating leases for office and research and development facilities and
equipment as follows:

                                      Operating
                                        leases
                                      ----------
                    2004              $ 176,000
                    2005                171,000
                    2006                 43,000
                                      ----------
Total future minimum lease payments   $ 390,000
                                      ==========

Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 was
$165,000, $138,000 and $114,000, respectively.

                                  F-13
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                   Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 10 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Restricted Stock Purchase Program
---------------------------------

On October 12, 2000, the Board of Directors authorized a Restricted
Stock Purchase Program. Under the Program, the Company's executive
officers and corporate secretary were given the opportunity to purchase
shares of common stock in an individually designated amount per
participant determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors. A total of 190,000 shares were purchased under the Program
by four eligible participants at $5.50 per share, the fair market value of
the common stock on October 12, 2000, for an aggregate consideration of
$1,045,000. The purchase price was paid through the participant's
delivery of a 50%-recourse promissory note payable to the Company for
three executive officer participants and a full-recourse promissory note
payable to the Company for the corporate secretary. Each note bears
interest at 5.87% compounded semi-annually and has a maximum term of
ten years. The notes are secured by a pledge of the purchased shares to
the Company. The Company recorded the notes receivable from
participants in this Program of $1,045,000 as a reduction of equity in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. Interest on the notes is neither being collected
nor accrued.

The stock granted under the Program other than to the corporate secretary
vests ratably over a four year period. The stock granted to the corporate
secretary vested on the date of grant.

Warrants
---------

There were warrants to purchase a total of 542,062 shares of common
stock outstanding at December 31, 2003. All warrants vested on issuance
except the warrants in note a. Except for 62,000 warrants (see
a), all of the warrants were exercisable at December 31, 2003. The
warrants had various prices and terms as follows:

                                            Warrants    Exercise  Expiration
     Summary of Warrants                   Outstanding   Price       Date
----------------------------------------  ------------- -------- ------------
2003 financial advisor (a)                   72,000       $3.90    10/30/08
2003 scientific consultant (b)               30,000        3.00     1/1/06
2002 warrants offered in acquisition (c)     25,000        5.00     2/26/05
2002 scientific consultant (d)               10,000        4.96     2/01/09
2001 scientific consultant (e)               15,000        3.00     1/1/08
2000 offering  (f)                          242,812        2.00     3/01/05
2000 scientific consultant (g)               30,000        2.00     1/01/07
2000 scientific consultant (h)                7,500        3.00     1/01/04
1999 offering  (i)                            9,750        2.00     7/20/04
1999 financial advisor  (j)                 100,000        2.93     3/26/04
                                           ---------
        Total                               542,062
                                           =========

a) During 2003, a financial advisor received warrants to purchase 72,000
shares of common stock at any time from October 30, 2003 until October
30, 2008, for financial consulting services rendered in 2003 and 2004.
The warrants vest at a rate of 5,000 shares per month for the first six
months and 7,000 shares per month for the second six months. The fair
value of the warrants was $2.82 per share on the date of the grant using
the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: expected
dividend yield 0.0%, risk-free interest rate 2.9%, expected volatility 92%
and a term of 5 years.

                                  F-14
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                   Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 10 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  - Continued

b) During 2003, a scientific advisor received warrants to purchase 30,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share at any
time from January 1, 2003 until January 1, 2006, for scientific consulting
services rendered in 2003. The fair value of the warrants was $.99 per
share on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model with
the following assumptions: expected dividend yield 0.0%, risk-free
interest rate 3.26%, expected volatility 98% and a term of 3 years.

c) During 2002, a company received warrants to purchase 25,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $5.00 per share at any time from
February 26, 2002 until February 26, 2005. The warrants were issued in
connection with the acquisition of patents in Australia. The fair value of
the warrants was $1.72 per share on the date of the grant using the Black-
Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: expected dividend
yield 0.0%, risk-free interest rate 3.67%, expected volatility 81% and a
term of 3 years.

d) During 2002, a scientific advisor received warrants to purchase 10,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $4.91 per share at any
time from February 1, 2002 until February 1, 2009, for scientific
consulting services rendered in 2002. The fair value of the warrants was
$3.70 per share on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes pricing
model with the following assumptions: expected dividend yield 0.0%,
risk-free interest rate 3.90%, expected volatility 81% and a term of
7 years.

e) During 2001, a scientific advisor received warrants to purchase 15,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share at any
time from January 1, 2001 until January 1, 2008, for scientific consulting
services rendered in 2001. The fair value of the warrants was $2.74 per
share on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model with
the following assumptions: expected dividend yield 0.0%, risk-free
interest rate 5.03%, expected volatility 118% and a term of 7 years.

f) In connection with offerings of common stock in 2000, warrants to
purchase a total of 509,097 shares of common stock were issued. All of
the warrants are exercisable immediately and expire five years from date
of issuance.

g) During 2000, a scientific advisor received warrants to purchase 30,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share at any
time from January 1, 2000 until January 1, 2007, for scientific consulting
services rendered in 2000. The fair value of the warrants was $1.68 per
share on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model with
the following assumptions: expected dividend yield 0.0%, risk-free
interest rate 5.625%, expected volatility 118% and a term of 5 years.

                                 F-15
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                    Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 10 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  - Continued

h) During 2000, a scientific advisor received warrants to purchase 7,500
shares of common stock at any time from January 1, 1999 until January
1, 2004, for scientific consulting services rendered in 2000. The fair value
of the warrants was $1.87 per share on the date of the grant using the
Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: expected
dividend yield 0.0%, risk-free interest rate 5.38%, expected volatility
122% and a term life of 4 years.

i) In connection with offerings of common stock in 1999, warrants to
purchase a total of 165,721 shares of common stock were issued. All of
the warrants are exercisable immediately and expire five years from date
of issuance.

j) During 1999, a financial advisor received warrants to purchase 100,000
shares of common stock at any time from March 26, 1999 until March 26,
2004, for financial consulting services rendered in 1999. The fair value
of the warrants was $2.48 per share on the date of the grant using the
Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: expected
dividend yield 0.0%, risk-free interest rate 5.42%, expected volatility
122% and a term life of 5 years.

2001 Restricted Stock Plan
--------------------------

We have a restricted stock plan, the 2001 Restricted Stock Plan, under
which 200,000 shares of our authorized but unissued common stock were
reserved for issuance to certain employees, directors, consultants and
advisors. The restricted stock granted under the plan generally vests over
five years, 25% two years after the grant date with additional 25% vesting
every anniversary date. All stock is vested after five years. At December
31, 2003 there were 149,376 shares granted and 50,624 shares available
for grant under the 2001 Restricted Stock Plan.

NOTE 11 - STOCK OPTION PLANS

We have a stock option plan, as amended, (the "1995 Stock Awards
Plan"), under which 2,500,000 shares of our authorized but unissued
common stock were reserved for issuance to optionees including officers,
employees, and other individuals performing services for us. The 1995
Stock Awards Plan replaced the previously approved stock option plan
(the "1987 Stock Awards Plan"). On February 11, 2000 we adopted the
2000 Special Stock Option Plan and Agreement (the "Plan"). The Plan
provides for the award of options to purchase 500,000 shares of the
authorized but unissued shares of common stock of the Company. Options
granted under all the plans generally vest ratably over a four to five year
period and are generally exercisable over a ten-year period from the date
of grant. Stock options are generally granted with an exercise price equal
to the market value at the date of grant.

At December 31, 2003, there were 368,000 additional shares available for
grant under the 1995 Stock Awards Plan.

                                  F-16
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                    Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 11 - STOCK OPTION PLANS - Continued

The fair value of options was estimated at the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions used for grants in fiscal 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively:
dividend yield of 0% for all periods; volatility of 117%, 98% and 90%;
risk-free interest rates of 2.26%, 2.03% and 3.70% and expected lives of
four years for all periods. The weighted average fair values of options
granted were $1.56, $2.46 and $2.52 per share during 2003, 2002 and
2001, respectively.

Summarized information for the 1995 Stock Awards Plan is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Weighted-
                                                         average
                                                         exercise
                                              Shares      price
                                           ------------  --------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>
Outstanding options at January 1, 2001       1,126,584      $3.68
Granted, fair value of $2.52 per share         154,000       3.65
                                           ------------
Outstanding options at December 31, 2001     1,280,584       3.68

Granted, fair value of $2.46 per share         493,000       3.53
Exercised                                       (2,428)      2.08
Forfeited                                      (60,000)      3.17
                                           ------------
Outstanding options at December 31, 2002     1,711,156       3.59

Granted, fair value of $1.56 per share         374,500       2.20
Exercised                                       28,000       2.55
Forfeited                                        4,000       2.70
                                           ------------
Outstanding options at December 31, 2003     2,053,656       3.45
                                           ============

Exercisable at December 31, 2001               733,851       3.20
Exercisable at December 31, 2002               997,570       3.35
Exercisable at December 31, 2003             1,389,185       3.49

</TABLE>

Further information regarding options outstanding under the 1995 Stock
Awards Plan at December 31, 2003 is summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Weighted average               Weighted-
                          Number of  ----------------------  Number of  average
                           shares      Remaining   Exercise   shares    exercise
Range of exercise prices outstanding life in years   price  exercisable  price
------------------------ ----------- ------------- -------- ----------- --------
<S>                      <C>         <C>           <C>      <C>         <C>
$1.49-2.18                  492,972        7.5      $ 2.00     309,180   $ 2.00
$2.30-2.81                  379,100        8.7        2.43     229,779     2.51
$2.94-3.99                  751,584        7.4        3.44     500,226     3.30
$4.05-7.8125                430,000        7.1        5.80     350,000     5.74
                         -----------                        -----------
                          2,053,656                          1,389,185
                         ===========                        ===========
</TABLE>
                                  F-17
<PAGE>
                Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                 Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 11 - STOCK OPTION PLANS - Continued

Under the 2000 Special  Stock Option Plan, 500,000 options were issued
in 2000 and are outstanding at December 31, 2003. 468,749 of the options
in the 2000 Special Stock Option Plan were exercisable at December 31,
2003, 343,749 of the options were exercisable at December 31, 2002 and
218,749 of the options were exercisable at December 31, 2001. All of the
options expire on March 1, 2010 and have an exercise price of $2.50 per
share.

All issued options under the 1987 Stock Awards Plan are vested,
exercisable and have a remaining life of one year. No further grants can
be made. Summarized information for the 1987 Stock Awards Plan is as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Weighted-
                                                       average
                                             Stock     exercise
                                            options      price
                                          -----------  ---------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>
Outstanding awards at January 1, 2001         28,752      $37.38
Forfeited                                     (2,750)      23.52
                                          -----------
Outstanding awards at December 31, 2001       26,002       46.18

Forfeited                                     (8,824)      90.45
                                          -----------
Outstanding awards at December 31, 2002       17,178       23.31

Forfeited                                     (5,750)      35.00
                                          -----------
Outstanding awards at December 31, 2003       11,428       17.42
                                          ===========
</TABLE>
                                  F-18
<PAGE>
             Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                   Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 12 - INCOME TAXES

Income tax expense differs from the statutory amounts as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         2003          2002          2001
                                     ------------  ------------  ------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>           <C>
Income taxes at U.S. statutory rate  $(2,358,000)  $(3,191,000)  $(2,049,000)
Change in valuation allowance           (111,000)    1,153,000     1,897,000
Expenses not deductible                   40,000        15,000         8,000
Expiration of net operating loss
  and general business credit
  carryforwards, net of revisions      2,429,000     2,023,000       144,000
                                     ------------  ------------  ------------
Total tax expense                    $         -   $         -   $         -
                                     ============  ============  ============
</TABLE>

Deferred taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the
financial reporting bases and the tax bases of our  assets and liabilities.
The temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax assets were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    December 31,
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                          2003          2002           2001
                                      ------------  ------------  ------------
<S>                                   <C>           <C>           <C>
Deferred tax assets (liabilities)
Net operating loss carryforwards       $20,193,000   $20,487,000   $19,259,000
General business credit carryforwards    1,960,000     1,356,000     1,396,000
Property, equipment and goodwill           113,000       119,000       154,000
                                      ------------  ------------  ------------
Gross deferred tax assets               22,266,000    21,962,000    20,809,000
Valuation allowance                    (22,266,000)  (21,962,000)  (20,809,000)
                                      ------------  ------------  ------------
Net deferred taxes                     $         -   $         -   $         -
                                      ============  ============  =============
</TABLE>

At December 31, 2003, we had approximately $59,390,000 of net
operating loss carryforwards and approximately $1,960,000 of general
business credit carryforwards. These carryforwards expire as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

           Net operating       General business
         loss carryforwards  credit carryforwards
         ------------------  --------------------
<S>      <C>                 <C>
2004       $ 5,713,000            $   26,000
2005         2,897,000                38,000
2006           198,000                26,000
2007           994,000               138,000
2008         3,330,000               185,000
Thereafter  46,258,000             1,547,000
           -------------        -------------
           $59,390,000            $1,960,000
           =============        =============
</TABLE>

As a result of a merger on January 25, 1996, a change in control occurred
for federal income tax purposes which limits the utilization of pre-merger
net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $3,100,000 to
approximately $530,000 per year.

                                  F-19
<PAGE>
              Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                  Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 13 - SETTLEMENT WITH BLOCK DRUG COMPANY

On July 22, 2002 we entered into a Supply Agreement whereby Block Drug
Company (Block) was required to produce Aphthasol(R) for us for a defined
period of time at its Puerto Rico facility. Subsequently we were advised
by Block that it was unable to produce Aphthasol(R) for us pursuant to the
Supply Agreement. In May 2003, we reached a settlement with Block relating
to this matter wherby Block made a one-time cash payment to us, we recorded
$2,280,000 in Miscellaneous Income and Block was relieved of its
obligations under the Supply Agreement and the Asset Sale Agreement,
pursuant to which we had purchased certain assets relating to amlexanox
and Aphtahsol(R) from Block, and we were relieved from certain future
obligations under the Asset Sale Agreement.

NOTE 14 - CONTINGENCIES

William Hall ("Hall") filed suit against Access, and certain officers of
Access, in Dallas County, Texas, District Court, on or about February 7,
2003. Although the claims in Hall's complaint are not clearly delineated,
he appears to bring claims for fraud, conspiracy, and theft against all
defendants, and a claim for breach of contract against Access. Each of the
allegations relates to an allegedly unfulfilled contractual obligation to
deliver to Hall 45,000 warrants to purchase our stock. Hall alleges in his
complaint and in a subsequent letter that the warrants, had they been
delivered, could have been worth up to $540,000. He seeks as damages
this amount, his attorney's fees, and an unstated amount of punitive
damages.

We answered Hall's complaint on March 3, 2003, and brought
counterclaims against him relating to certain alleged misrepresentations,
his failure to perform certain obligations to Access, and his interference
with the our right to enjoy certain contractual benefits. Discovery,
substantive fact investigation, and legal analysis have not been completed.
Access intends to be vigorous in both its defense of Hall's claims and its
pursuit of our counterclaims.

Mipharm S.p.A. ("Mipharm") filed an arbitration against Access in the
International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of
Commerce (the "ICC") on or about October 23, 2003. Mipharm claims
that we breached certain license agreements that existed between Mipharm
and Access by failing to (1) make commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain European Union regulatory approval for certain pharmaceutical
products and (2) inform Mipharm of all significant news and actions
relating to the approval process. Mipharm seeks damages of approximately
$350,000, and an order compelling us to perform pursuant to the license
agreements.

We have answered Mipharm's arbitration demand, and simultaneously
asserted counterclaims against Mipharm.  In the counterclaims, Access
alleges, inter alia, that Mipharm has itself breached the license agreements
and is pursuing claims that it had previously agreed to release in exchange
for valuable consideration. We seek approximately $2.2 million in
damages.

On January 16, 2004, Mipharm commenced a related lawsuit in Texas
Federal Court, in which it alleges that one of Access's counterclaims
should have been brought before a different arbitral body. We have since
withdrawn the disputed counterclaim. Mipharm nonetheless continues to
pursue the Texas action. Our motion to dismiss is currently pending.

Discovery, substantive fact investigation, and legal analysis have only
recently begun in both the ICC arbitration and the Texas action.  Access
intends to vigorously defend against Mipharm's claims and to pursue its
own counterclaims.

Del Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Del") filed a complaint against Access on or
about March 12, 2004, in the COurt of Chancery in New Castle County,
Delaware. Each of the allegations in the complaint relates to allegedly
unfilled or breached contractual obligation that Del claims arose from
two confidentiality agreement entered into between Del and Access and from
a supposed license and supply agreement that Access did not execute. The
complaint seeks releif in the form of specific performance of the supposed
license and supply agreement, an unspecified amount of money damages, and
an order enjoining Access from misappropriating or transferring Del's
supposed confidential information or trade secrets to third parties.

Discovery, sustantive fact investigation, and detailed legal analysis
have not yet begun. We believe that the allegations in the complaint
are without merit and we intend to defend vigorously against all
claims asserted. We are also considering bringing counterclaims
against Del.

                                  F-20
<PAGE>
              Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries

        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                  Three years ended December 31, 2003

NOTE 15 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

Our results of operations by quarter for the years ended December 31,
2003 and 2002 were as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2003 Quarter Ended
                                -----------------------------------------------
                                 March 31    June 30   September 30 December 31
                                ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenue                           $   393     $   683     $    11     $    208
Operating loss                     (2,194)     (1,694)     (1,943)      (2,382)
Net income (loss)                 $(2,411)    $   316     $(2,206)    $ (2,634)
                                 =========  ==========  ==========  ===========
Basic and diluted income (loss)
  per common share                 $(0.18)      $0.02      $(0.17)      $(0.19)
                                 =========  ==========  ==========  ===========

                                               2002 Quarter Ended
                                ----------------------------------------------
                                 March 31    June 30   September 30 December 31
                                ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------
Revenue                           $   116     $   263     $    91     $    677
Operating loss                     (1,763)     (2,118)     (2,675)      (2,144)
Net loss                          $(1,866)    $(2,308)    $(2,858)    $ (2,352)
                                ==========  ==========  ==========  ===========
Basic and diluted loss per
  common share                     $(0.14)     $(0.18)     $(0.22)      $(0.18)
                                ==========  ==========  ==========  ===========
</TABLE>

NOTE 16 - SUBSEQUENT FINANCING

On February 24, 2004 we closed a private placement sale of our common
stock pursuant to which we sold 1,789,371 shares of our common stock
at a per share price of $5.40. We received gross proceeds of $9,663,000
from this sales and had expenses of $615,000. The investors also received
5 year warrants to purchase 447,344 shares of our common stock at an
exercise price of $7.10 per share and the placement agents received
warrants in the offering to purchase 156,481 shares of our common stock
at an exercise price of $5.40 per share.









</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
