<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ames10k.txt
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    ---------
                                    FORM 10-K

              Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                        Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.     Commission File Number 0-32637.
                                            -----

                            AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

               IOWA                                       42-1039071
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  (State or other jurisdiction              (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
of incorporation or organization)

     405 FIFTH STREET, AMES, IOWA                                       50010
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                              (Zip Code)

                                 (515) 232-6251
              ----------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

                    Securities registered pursuant to Section
                               12(g) of the Act:

                          COMMON STOCK, $5.00 PAR VALUE
                          -----------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Act")  during the  preceding  12 months (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes __X__ No _____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes __X__ - No _____

As of June 28,  2002,  the  aggregate  market  value  of  voting  stock  held by
non-affiliates  of the  registrant,  based upon the  closing  sale price for the
registrant's  common  stock in the over the  counter  market,  was  $81,522,926.
Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director
of the Company and by each person who owns 5% or more of the outstanding  common
stock have been  excluded on the basis that such  persons may be deemed to be an
affiliate of the  registrant.  This  determination  of  affiliate  status is not
necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose.

The number of shares  outstanding of the  registrant's  common stock on February
28, 2003, was 3,128,982.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions  of the  registrant's  definitive  proxy  statement,  as filed with the
Securities  and Exchange  Commission  on March 25,  2003,  are  incorporated  by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.


                                       1
<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                            PAGE

Part I

Item 1.     Business...........................................                3
Item 2.     Properties.........................................               13
Item 3.     Legal Proceedings..................................               13
Item 4.     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Shareholders....               13

Part II

Item 5.     Market for Registrant's Common Stock and Related
              Shareholder Matters.............................                14
Item 6.     Selected Financial Data...........................                15
Item 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
              Condition and Results Of Operations.............                16
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
              Market Risk.....................................                27
Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.......                29
Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
              Accounting and Financial Disclosure.............                47

Part III

Item 10.    Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.
Item 11.    Executive Compensation.............................               47
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
              and Management and Related Shareholder Matters ..               48
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.....               48
Item 14.    Controls and Procedures ...........................               48

Part IV

Item 15.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and
              Reports on Form 8-K..............................               48



                                       2
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

General

Ames  National  Corporation  (the  "Company")  is an Iowa  corporation  and bank
holding  company  registered  under the Bank  Holding  Company  Act of 1956,  as
amended.  The  Company  owns  100% of the  stock  of five  banking  subsidiaries
consisting of two national banks and three  state-chartered  banks, as described
below.  All of the Company's  operations  are conducted in the State of Iowa and
primarily  within the central Iowa counties of Boone,  Story and Marshall  where
the Company's banking  subsidiaries are located.  The Company does not engage in
any  material  business  activities  apart  from its  ownership  of its  banking
subsidiaries.  The principal executive offices of the Company are located at 405
Fifth Street, Ames, Iowa 50010 and its telephone number is (515) 232-6251.

The Company was organized and incorporated on January 21, 1975 under the laws of
the  State of Iowa to serve  as a  holding  company  for its  principal  banking
subsidiary,  First National Bank, Ames, Iowa ("First National") located in Ames,
Iowa.  In 1983,  the  Company  acquired  the stock of the State Bank & Trust Co.
("State  Bank")  located  in  Nevada,  Iowa;  in 1991,  the  Company,  through a
newly-chartered  state  bank  known as Boone  Bank & Trust Co.  ("Boone  Bank"),
acquired  certain  assets and assumed  certain  liabilities  of the former Boone
State Bank & Trust Company located in Boone, Iowa; in 1995, the Company acquired
the stock of the  Randall-Story  State Bank  ("Randall-Story  Bank")  located in
Story City, Iowa; and in 2002, the Company chartered and commenced operations of
a new national  banking  organization,  United Bank & Trust NA ("United  Bank"),
located  in  Marshalltown,   Iowa.  First  National,  State  Bank,  Boone  Bank,
Randall-Story  Bank  and  United  Bank  are  each  operated  as a  wholly  owned
subsidiary of the Company.  These five financial institutions are referred to in
this Form 10-K collectively as the "Banks" and individually as a "Bank".

The  principal  sources of Company  revenue are: (i) interest and fees earned on
loans made by the Banks; (ii) service charges on deposit accounts  maintained at
the Banks;  (iii) interest on fixed income  investments held by the Banks;  (iv)
fees on trust services provided by those Banks exercising trust powers;  and (v)
securities gains and dividends on equity investments held by the Company and the
Banks.

The Banks' lending  activities  consist  primarily of short-term and medium-term
commercial  and  residential  real  estate  loans,   agricultural  and  business
operating loans and lines of credit,  equipment loans,  vehicle loans,  personal
loans and lines of credit,  home improvement  loans and secondary  mortgage loan
origination.  The  Banks  also  offer a  variety  of  demand,  savings  and time
deposits,  cash  management  services,  merchant  credit card  processing,  safe
deposit boxes,  wire  transfers,  direct deposit of payroll and social  security
checks and automated  teller machine  access.  Four of the five Banks also offer
trust services.

The Company provides  various  services to the Banks which include,  but are not
limited to, management assistance,  auditing services,  human resources services
and   administration,    compliance   management,   marketing   assistance   and
coordination,  loan review and assistance  with respect to computer  systems and
procedures.

Banking Subsidiaries

First  National Bank,  Ames,  Iowa.  First  National is a nationally  chartered,
commercial  bank  insured by the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  (the
"FDIC").  It was  organized in 1903 and became a wholly owned  subsidiary of the
Company in 1975 through a bank holding company  reorganization  whereby the then
shareholders  of First National  exchanged all of their First National stock for
stock in the Company. First National provides full-service banking to businesses
and  residents  within the Ames  community and  surrounding  area. It provides a
variety of  products  and  services  designed to meet the needs of the market it
serves. It has an experienced staff of bank officers who have spent the majority
of their  banking  careers  with  First  National  and who  emphasize  long-term
customer   relationships.   First  National   conducts  business  out  of  three
full-service  offices and one super market location,  all located in the city of
Ames.

                                       3
<PAGE>

As of December  31,  2002,  First  National  had capital of  $38,789,000  and 88
full-time equivalent  employees.  Full-time  equivalents represent the number of
people a business would employ if all its employees were employed on a full-time
basis. It is calculated by dividing the total number of hours worked by all full
and part-time employees by the number of hours a full-time individual would work
for a given period of time. First National had net income of $6,294,000 in 2002,
$5,834,000 in 2001 and $4,800,000 in 2000. Total assets as of December 31, 2002,
2001 and 2000 were $375,341,000, $349,702,000 and $341,864,000, respectively.

State Bank & Trust Co., Nevada,  Iowa.  State Bank is an Iowa,  state-chartered,
FDIC  insured  commercial  bank.  State Bank was acquired by the Company in 1983
through  a stock  transaction  whereby  the  then  shareholders  of  State  Bank
exchanged  all their State Bank stock for stock in the  Company.  State Bank was
organized in 1939 and provides  full-serve  banking to businesses  and residents
within the Nevada area from its main Nevada  location  and two  offices;  one in
McCallsburg,  Iowa and the other in Colo,  Iowa.  It is strong in  agricultural,
commercial  and  residential  real  estate  lending.  State  Bank also  provides
insurance services offering a broad line of insurance products to customers.

As of December 31, 2002,  State Bank had capital of $11,147,000 and 26 full-time
equivalent  employees.  It had net income of $1,501,000  in 2002,  $1,294,000 in
2001 and $1,134,000 in 2000. Total assets as of December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
were $104,079,000, $94,004,000 and $97,285,000, respectively.

Boone Bank & Trust Co.,  Boone,  Iowa.  Boone Bank is an Iowa,  state-chartered,
FDIC insured  commercial  bank.  Boone Bank was organized in 1992 by the Company
under  a new  state  charter  in  connection  with  a  purchase  and  assumption
transaction  whereby Boone Bank  purchased  certain  assets and assumed  certain
liabilities  of the former  Boone State Bank & Trust  Company in exchange  for a
cash  payment.  It provides  full service  banking to  businesses  and residents
within the Boone  community  and  surrounding  area.  It is actively  engaged in
agricultural,  consumer and commercial lending, including real estate, operating
and  equipment  loans.  It  conducts  business  from its main  office and a full
service branch office, both located in Boone.

As of December 31, 2002,  Boone Bank had capital of $11,511,000 and 26 full-time
equivalent  employees.  It had net income of $1,827,000  in 2002,  $1,302,000 in
2001 and $1,178,000 in 2000. Total assets as of December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
were $96,829,000, $94,356,000 and $99,867,000, respectively.

Randall-Story  State Bank,  Story  City,  Iowa.  Randall-Story  Bank is an Iowa,
state-chartered,  FDIC insured commercial bank.  Randall-Story Bank was acquired
by the Company in 1995 through a stock transaction whereby the then shareholders
of Randall-Story Bank exchanged all their  Randall-Story Bank stock for stock in
the Company.  Randall-Story Bank was organized in 1928 and provides full-service
banking to Story City and the  surrounding  area from its main location in Story
City and a full service office in Randall,  Iowa.  While its primary emphasis is
in  agricultural  lending,  Randall-Story  Bank also  provides  the  traditional
lending  services  typically  offered by community  banks.  It also owns a small
insurance agency which operates out of the Randall office.

As of December 31, 2002,  Randall-Story  Bank had capital of  $7,680,000  and 15
full-time  equivalent  employees.  It had net  income  of  $1,009,000  in  2002,
$692,000 in 2001 and  $744,000 in 2000.  Total  assets as of December  31, 2002,
2001 and 2000 were $64,946,000, $63,680,000 and $60,312,000, respectively.

United  Bank &  Trust  NA,  Marshalltown,  Iowa.  United  Bank  is a  nationally
chartered,  commercial  bank insured by the FDIC. It was newly chartered in June
of 2002  and  offers a broad  range of  deposit  and loan  products,  as well as
Internet banking and trust services to customers located in the Marshalltown and
surrounding Marshall County area.

As of December 31, 2002,  United Bank had capital of $4,519,000 and 10 full-time
equivalent  employees.  It had a net loss for the six and one-half  month period
ended  December 31, 2002 of $524,000.  The bank was  capitalized by a $5,000,000
equity  contribution  by the Company.  Total assets as of December 31, 2002 were
$30,355,000.

Business Strategy and Operations

As a locally owned,  multi-bank  holding company,  the Company emphasizes strong
personal  relationships  to provide products and services that meet the needs of
the Banks' customers.  The Company seeks to achieve growth and maintain a strong
return on equity.  To accomplish these goals, the Banks focus on small to medium
size businesses  that  traditionally  wish to develop an exclusive  relationship
with a single bank. The Banks,  individually and collectively,  have the size to
give the  personal  attention  required by business  owners,  in addition to the
credit expertise to help businesses meet their goals.

                                       4
<PAGE>

The Banks offer a full range of deposit services that are typically available in
most financial institutions,  including checking accounts,  savings accounts and
other time  deposits of various  types,  ranging from money  market  accounts to
longer term  certificates  of deposit.  One major goal in developing  the Banks'
product  mix is to keep the product  offerings  as simple as  possible,  both in
terms of the number of products and the features and benefits of the  individual
services.  The transaction  accounts and time  certificates are tailored to each
Bank's  principal  market area at rates  competitive in that Bank's  market.  In
addition,  retirement accounts such as IRAs (Individual Retirement Accounts) are
available.  The FDIC insures all deposit accounts up to the maximum amount.  The
Banks solicit  these  accounts from  small-to-medium  sized  businesses in their
respective primary trade areas, and from individuals who live and/or work within
these areas. No material portion of the Banks' deposits has been obtained from a
single  person or from a few  persons.  Therefore,  the Company does not believe
that the loss of the  deposits of any person or of a few  persons  would have an
adverse effect on the Banks' operations or erode their deposit base.

Loans are provided to creditworthy  borrowers  regardless of their race,  color,
national  origin,  religion,  sex, age, marital status,  disability,  receipt of
public  assistance  or any other basis  prohibited  by law.  The Banks intend to
fulfill this  commitment  while  maintaining  prudent credit  standards.  In the
course of fulfilling this obligation to meet the credit needs of the communities
which  they  serve,  the Banks give  consideration  to each  credit  application
regardless of the fact that the applicant may reside in a low to moderate income
neighborhood,  and without regard to the  geographic  location of the residence,
property or business within their market areas.

The Banks  provide  innovative,  quality  financial  products,  such as Internet
banking and trust  services that meet the banking  needs of their  customers and
communities.  The loan  programs and  acceptance  of certain loans may vary from
time-to-time  depending on the funds  available  and  regulations  governing the
banking  industry.  The Banks  offer all  basic  types of credit to their  local
communities and surrounding rural areas, including commercial,  agricultural and
consumer loans. The types of loans within these categories are as follows:

Commercial  Loans.  Commercial  loans are  typically  made to sole  proprietors,
partnerships,  corporations and other business  entities such as  municipalities
and  individuals  where the loan is to be used primarily for business  purposes.
These loans are  typically  secured by assets  owned by the  borrower  and often
times involve personal guarantees given by the owners of the business. The types
of loans the Banks offer include:

  -    financing guaranteed under Small Business Administration programs
  -    operating and working capital loans
  -    loans to finance equipment and other capital purchases
  -    commercial real estate loans
  -    business lines of credit
  -    term loans
  -    loans to professionals
  -    letters of credit

Agricultural  Loans.  The Banks by nature of their  location in central Iowa are
directly and indirectly involved in agriculture and agri-business  lending. This
includes short-term seasonal lending associated with cyclical crop and livestock
production,  intermediate  term lending for  machinery,  equipment  and breeding
stock  acquisition and long-term real estate lending.  These loans are typically
secured by the crops,  livestock,  equipment or real estate being financed.  The
basic  tenet of the Banks'  agricultural  lending  philosophy  is a blending  of
strong,  positive cash flow supported by an adequate collateral position,  along
with  a  demonstrated  capacity  to  withstand  short-term  negative  impact  if
necessary.   Applicable  governmental  subsidies  and  affiliated  programs  are
utilized if warranted to accomplish these  parameters.  Approximately 14% of the
Banks'  loans  have  been made for  agricultural  purposes.  The Banks  have not
experienced a material  adverse effect on their business as a result of defaults
on agricultural loans and do not anticipate at the present time experiencing any
such effect in the future.

Consumer  Loans.   Consumer  loans  are  typically  available  to  finance  home
improvements and consumer purchases, such as automobiles, household furnishings,
boats and  education.  These loans are made on both a secured  and an  unsecured
basis. The following types of consumer loans are available:


  -  automobiles and trucks
  -  boats and recreational vehicles
  -  personal loans and lines of credit
  -  home equity lines of credit
  -  home improvement and rehabilitation loans
  -  consumer real estate loans

                                       5
<PAGE>

Other types of credit  programs,  such as loans to nonprofit  organizations,  to
public entities,  for community  development and to other  governmental  offered
programs also are available.

First  National,  Boone Bank,  State Bank and United  Bank offer trust  services
typically  found  in  a  commercial  bank  with  trust  powers,   including  the
administration of estates,  conservatorships,  personal and corporate trusts and
agency  accounts.  The  Banks  also  provide  farm  management,  investment  and
custodial services for individuals, businesses and non-profit organizations.

The Banks earn fees from the origination of residential  mortgages that are sold
in the secondary  real estate market  without  retaining the mortgage  servicing
rights.

The Banks offer traditional  banking services,  such as safe deposit boxes, wire
transfers,  direct  deposit of payroll  and social  security  checks,  automated
teller machine access and automatic drafts (ACH) for various accounts.

Credit Management

The Company strives to achieve sound credit risk management. In order to achieve
this goal, the Company has established  uniform credit policies and underwriting
criteria  for the Banks' loan  portfolios.  The Banks  diversify in the types of
loans offered and are subject to regular credit  examinations,  annual  internal
and external loan audits and annual review of large loans,  as well as quarterly
reviews of loans  experiencing  deterioration  in credit  quality.  The  Company
attempts to identify  potential  problem loans early,  charge off loans promptly
and maintain an adequate  allowance for loan losses. The Company has established
credit  guidelines for the Banks' lending  portfolios  which include  guidelines
relating to the more commonly requested loan types, as follows:

Commercial  Real  Estate  Loans  -  Commercial  real  estate  loans,   including
agricultural  real estate loans,  are normally based on loan to appraisal  value
ratios of 75% and secured by a first priority lien position. Loans are typically
subject  to  interest  rate  adjustments  no less  frequently  than 5 years from
origination.  Fully  amortized  monthly  repayment  terms normally do not exceed
twenty  years.  Projections  and cash  flows that show  ability to service  debt
within the amortization period are required.  Property and casualty insurance is
required to protect the Banks' collateral interests. Commercial and agricultural
real estate loans represent approximately 42% of the loan portfolio.  Major risk
factors  for  commercial  real  estate  loans,  as well as the other  loan types
described  below,  include a  geographic  concentration  in  central  Iowa;  the
dependence  of the local  economy  upon  several  large  governmental  entities,
including Iowa State University and the Iowa Department of  Transportation;  and
the health of Iowa's agricultural sector that is dependent on weather conditions
and government programs.

Commercial and Agricultural Operating Lines - These loans are made to businesses
and farm  operations  with  terms up to  twelve  months.  The  credit  needs are
generally  seasonal with the source of repayment coming from the entity's normal
business  cycle.  Cash flow reviews are  completed  to establish  the ability to
service  the debt  within the terms of the loan.  A first  priority  lien on the
general assets of the business  normally  secures these types of loans.  Loan to
value limits vary and are dependent  upon the nature and type of the  underlying
collateral and the financial  strength of the borrower.  Crop and hail insurance
is required for most agricultural  borrowers.  Loans are generally guaranteed by
the principal(s).

Commercial and Agricultural  Term Loans - These loans are made to businesses and
farm  operations  to  finance  equipment,   breeding  stock  and  other  capital
expenditures. Terms are generally the lesser of five years or the useful life of
the asset.  Term loans are normally  secured by the asset being financed and are
often  additionally  secured with the general  assets of the  business.  Loan to
value is  generally  75% of the cost or value of the assets.  Loans are normally
guaranteed by the principal(s).  Commercial and agricultural  operating and term
loans represent approximately 20% of the loan portfolio.

Residential  First  Mortgage  Loans - Proceeds of these loans are used to buy or
refinance  the  purchase of  residential  real estate with the loan secured by a
first lien on the real estate. Most of the residential mortgage loans originated
by the Banks  (including  servicing  rights) are sold in the secondary  mortgage
market due to the higher interest rate risk inherent in the 15 and 30 year fixed
rate  terms  consumers  prefer.  Loans that are  originated  and not sold in the
secondary  market  generally have higher interest rates and have rate adjustment
periods  of no longer  than  seven  years.  The  maximum  amortization  of first
residential  real estate is 30 years. The  loan-to-value  ratios normally do not
exceed 80% without  credit  enhancements  such as mortgage  insurance.  Property
insurance  is required on all loans to protect the Banks'  collateral  position.
Loans  secured  by  one  to  four  family   residential   properties   represent
approximately 24% of the loan portfolio.

                                       6
<PAGE>

Home  Equity  Term  Loans - These  loans are  normally  for the  purpose of home
improvement or other consumer  purposes and are secured by a junior  mortgage on
residential  real  estate.  Loan-to-value  ratios  normally do not exceed 90% of
market value.

Home Equity  Lines of Credit - The Banks offer a home equity line of credit with
a maximum term of 60 months. These loans are secured by a junior mortgage on the
residential real estate and normally do not exceed a loan-to-market  value ratio
of 90% with the interest adjusted quarterly.

Consumer  Loans -  Consumer  loans  are  normally  made to  consumers  under the
following  guidelines.  Automobiles - loans on new and used automobiles will not
exceed 80% and 75% of the value, respectively. Recreational vehicles and boats -
66% of the value.  Mobile home - maximum  term on these loans is 180 months with
the  loan-to-value  ratio  generally not  exceeding  66%. Each of these loans is
secured by a first priority lien on the assets and requires insurance to protect
the  Banks'  collateral  position.  Unsecured  - The  term for  unsecured  loans
generally  does not  exceed  12  months.  Consumer  and  other  loans  represent
approximately 6% of the loan portfolio.

Employees

At  December  31,  2002,  the  Banks  had a total  of 165  full-time  equivalent
employees and the Company had an additional 8 full-time  employees.  The Company
and Banks  provide their  employees  with a  comprehensive  program of benefits,
including  comprehensive  medical and dental  plans,  long-term  and  short-term
disability coverage,  and a 401(k) profit sharing plan. Management considers its
relations  with  employees  to be  satisfactory.  Unions  represent  none of the
employees.

Market Area

The Company  operates five commercial  banks with locations in Story,  Boone and
Marshall Counties in central Iowa.

First National is located in Ames,  Iowa with a population of 50,731.  The major
employers  are Iowa State  University,  Ames  Laboratories,  Iowa  Department of
Transportation,  Mary  Greeley  Medical  Center,  National  Veterinary  Services
Laboratory,  Ames Community Schools,  City of Ames,  Barilla,  Sauer-Danfoss and
McFarland Clinic.  First National's  primary business includes  providing retail
banking services and business and consumer lending. First National has a minimum
exposure to agricultural lending.

Boone Bank is located in Boone,  Iowa with a population of 12,800.  Boone is the
county seat of Boone  County.  The major  employers  are Fareway  Stores,  Inc.,
Patterson  Dental Supply Co., Union Pacific  Railroad,  and  Communication  Data
Services.  Boone Bank provides lending  services to the agriculture,  commercial
and real estate markets.

State Bank is located in Nevada,  Iowa with a population of 6,658. Nevada is the
county seat of Story County.  The major  employers are Print  Graphics,  General
Financial Supply,  Central Iowa Printing,  Burke  Corporation and Almaco.  State
Bank provides  various  types of loans with a major  agricultural  presence.  It
provides a wide variety of banking  services and  products  including  insurance
services to its customers.

Randall-Story  Bank is located in Story City,  Iowa with a population  of 3,228.
The major employers are Pella Corporation,  Bethany Manor,  American  Packaging,
Precision Machine and Record Printing.  Located in a major agricultural area, it
has a strong presence in this type of lending. As a full service commercial bank
it provides a full line of products and services including insurance services.

United Bank is located in  Marshalltown,  Iowa with a population of 26,123.  The
major employers are Swift & Co., Fisher Controls International, Lenox Industries
and Marshalltown  Medical & Surgical  Center.  The newly chartered bank offers a
full line of loan, deposit, and trust services.

Competition

The  geographic  market  area  served by the Banks is  highly  competitive  with
respect to both loans and  deposits.  The Banks compete  principally  with other
commercial  banks,  savings  and  loan  associations,  credit  unions,  mortgage
companies, finance divisions of auto and farm equipment companies,  agricultural
suppliers and other financial service  providers.  Some of these competitors are
local,  while others are  statewide or  nationwide.  The major  commercial  bank
competitors  include F & M Bank, U.S. Bank National  Association and Wells Fargo
Bank,  each of which have a branch office or offices  within the Banks'  primary
trade areas.  Among the  advantages  such larger banks have are their ability to
finance extensive  advertising campaigns and to allocate their investment assets
to  geographic  regions  of  higher  yield  and  demand.  These  larger  banking
organizations  have much higher legal lending limits than the Banks and thus are
better able to finance large regional, national and global commercial customers.

                                       7
<PAGE>

In order to compete with the other financial institutions in their primary trade
areas, the Banks use, to the fullest extent possible,  the flexibility  which is
accorded by  independent  status.  This  includes  an  emphasis  on  specialized
services,  local  promotional  activity  and  personal  contacts  by the  Banks'
officers, directors and employees. In particular, the Banks compete for deposits
principally  by  offering   depositors  a  wide  variety  of  deposit  programs,
convenient  office  locations,  hours and other services.  The Banks compete for
loans  primarily by offering  competitive  interest rates,  experienced  lending
personnel and quality products and services.

As of  December  31,  2002,  there  were 25  FDIC  insured  institutions  having
approximately  55 offices or branch  offices  within  Boone,  Story and Marshall
County,  Iowa where the Banks' offices are located.  First National,  State Bank
and Randall-Story Bank together have the largest percentage of deposits in Story
County and Boone Bank has the highest percentage of deposits in Boone County.

The Banks also compete with the financial markets for funds. Yields on corporate
and  government  debt  securities  and  commercial  paper  affect the ability of
commercial banks to attract and hold deposits. Commercial banks also compete for
funds with money market instruments and similar  investment  vehicles offered by
competitors including brokerage firms, insurance companies,  credit card issuers
and  retailers  such as Sears.  Money  market  funds  offered by these  types of
organizations  have provided  substantial  competition for deposits.  This trend
will likely continue in the future.

The Company anticipates bank competition will continue to change materially over
the next  several  years as more  financial  institutions,  including  the major
regional and  national  banks,  continue to  consolidate.  The larger  financial
institutions  will  continue to  consolidate  their branch  systems by providing
incentives to their  customers to use  electronic  banking  instead of brick and
mortar  branches.  Credit  unions,  because of their income tax  benefits,  will
continue to show substantial growth.

Supervision and Regulation

The following  discussion  generally  refers to certain statutes and regulations
affecting the banking  industry.  These  references  provide brief summaries and
therefore do not purport to be complete and are  qualified in their  entirety by
reference to those statutes and  regulations.  In addition,  due to the numerous
statutes and regulations that apply to and regulate the operation of the banking
industry, many are not referenced below.

The Company and the Banks are subject to extensive  federal and state regulation
and  supervision.  Regulation  and  supervision  of  financial  institutions  is
primarily  intended to protect  depositors and the FDIC rather than shareholders
of the  Company.  The laws and  regulations  affecting  banks  and bank  holding
companies have changed  significantly  over recent years,  particularly with the
passage of the Financial  Services  Modernization Act. There is reason to expect
that similar changes will continue in the future. Any change in applicable laws,
regulations or regulatory  policies may have a material  effect on the business,
operations  and  prospects of the Company.  The Company is unable to predict the
nature or the extent of the effects on its business and earnings that any fiscal
or monetary policies or new federal or state legislation may have in the future.

The Company

The Company is a bank holding  company by virtue of its  ownership of the Banks,
and is  registered  as such with the Board of Governors  of the Federal  Reserve
System (the "Federal  Reserve").  The Company is subject to regulation under the
Bank Holding  Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHCA"),  which  subjects the
Company and the Banks to supervision  and  examination  by the Federal  Reserve.
Under the BHCA, the Company files with the Federal Reserve annual reports of its
operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require.

Source of Strength to the Banks.  The Federal  Reserve takes the position that a
bank  holding  company  is  required  to  serve  as a source  of  financial  and
managerial  strength to its subsidiary  banks and may not conduct its operations
in an unsafe  or  unsound  manner.  In  addition,  it is the  Federal  Reserve's
position that in serving as a source of strength to its subsidiary  banks,  bank
holding  companies  should use available  resources to provide  adequate capital
funds to its subsidiary  banks during periods of financial  stress or adversity.
It should also maintain the financial  flexibility and capital raising  capacity
to obtain additional resources for providing assistance to its subsidiary banks.
A bank holding company's failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of
strength to its  subsidiary  banks will  generally be  considered by the Federal
Reserve to be an unsafe and  unsound  banking  practice  or a  violation  of the
Federal Reserve's regulations or both.

                                       8
<PAGE>

Federal Reserve Approval. Bank holding companies must obtain the approval of the
Federal Reserve before they: (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control
of any voting  stock of any bank if, after such  acquisition,  they would own or
control, directly or indirectly,  more than 5% of the voting stock of such bank;
(ii) merge or consolidate  with another bank holding  company;  or (iii) acquire
substantially all of the assets of any additional banks.

Non-Banking  Activities.  With certain exceptions,  the BHCA also prohibits bank
holding  companies  from  acquiring  direct or indirect  ownership or control of
voting stock in any company other than a bank or a bank holding  company  unless
the  Federal  Reserve  finds the  company's  business  to be  incidental  to the
business of banking. When making this determination, the Federal Reserve in part
considers  whether allowing a bank holding company to engage in those activities
would  offer  advantages  to the public  that would  outweigh  possible  adverse
effects. A bank holding company may engage in permissible non-banking activities
on a de novo basis, if the holding  company meets certain  criteria and notifies
the  Federal  Reserve  within  ten (10)  business  days after the  activity  has
commenced.

Under the Financial Services  Modernization Act, eligible bank holding companies
may elect  (with the  approval of the  Federal  Reserve) to become a  "financial
holding company." Financial holding companies are permitted to engage in certain
financial  activities  through  affiliates  which had previously been prohibited
activities  for  bank  holding  companies.  Such  financial  activities  include
securities and insurance  underwriting and merchant  banking.  At this time, the
Company has not elected to become a financial holding company, but may choose to
do so at some time in the future.

Control  Transactions.  The  Change in Bank  Control  Act of 1978,  as  amended,
requires  a person or group of persons  acquiring  "control"  of a bank  holding
company to  provide  the  Federal  Reserve  with at least 60 days prior  written
notice of the  proposed  acquisition.  Following  receipt  of this  notice,  the
Federal  Reserve  has 60  days to  issue  a  notice  disapproving  the  proposed
acquisition,  but the  Federal  Reserve  may extend  this time  period for up to
another 30 days. An acquisition may be completed  before the disapproval  period
expires  if the  Federal  Reserve  issues  written  notice of its  intent not to
disapprove the action. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal
Reserve,  the  acquisition  of 10% or more of a class of voting  stock of a bank
holding  company with a class of securities  registered  under Section 12 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, would constitute the acquisition of
control. In addition,  any "company" would be required to obtain the approval of
the Federal Reserve under the BHCA before  acquiring 25% (or 5% if the "company"
is a bank holding company) or more of the outstanding shares of the Company,  or
otherwise obtain control over the Company.

Affiliate  Transactions.  The Company and the Banks are deemed affiliates within
the meaning of the Federal Reserve Act, and transactions  between affiliates are
subject to certain restrictions.  Generally, the Federal Reserve Act: (i) limits
the extent to which the financial  institution or its subsidiaries may engage in
"covered  transactions"  with an affiliate;  and (ii) requires all  transactions
with  an  affiliate,  whether  or not  "covered  transactions,"  to be on  terms
substantially  the  same,  or at  least  as  favorable  to  the  institution  or
subsidiary, as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term "covered transaction"
includes the making of loans,  purchase of assets,  issuance of a guarantee  and
similar transactions.

State Law on  Acquisitions.  Iowa law permits  bank  holding  companies  to make
acquisitions  throughout  the  state.  However,  Iowa  currently  has a  deposit
concentration  limit of 15% on the amount of  deposits in the state that any one
banking  organization can control and continue to acquire banks or bank deposits
(by acquisitions),  which applies to all depository  institutions doing business
in Iowa.

Banking Subsidiaries

Applicable  federal  and  state  statutes  and  regulations  governing  a bank's
operations  relate,  among  other  matters,  to capital  adequacy  requirements,
required reserves against deposits,  investments,  loans,  legal lending limits,
certain interest rates payable, mergers and consolidations, borrowings, issuance
of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches and dealings with
affiliated persons.

                                       9
<PAGE>

First  National and United Bank are national  banks  subject to primary  federal
regulation and supervision by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the
"OCC").  The  FDIC,  as an  insurer  of the  deposits,  also  has  some  limited
regulatory authority over First National and United Bank. State Bank, Boone Bank
and Randall-Story  Bank are state banks subject to regulation and supervision by
the Iowa  Division  of  Banking.  The  three  state  Banks are also  subject  to
regulation and examination by the FDIC, which insures their respective  deposits
to the maximum extent permitted by law. The federal laws that apply to the Banks
regulate,  among other things,  the scope of their business,  their investments,
their reserves  against  deposits,  the timing of the  availability of deposited
funds and the  nature  and  amount of and  collateral  for  loans.  The laws and
regulations  governing  the Banks  generally  have been  promulgated  to protect
depositors  and the  deposit  insurance  fund  of the  FDIC  and not to  protect
stockholders of such institutions or their holding companies.

The OCC and FDIC each has  authority to prohibit  banks under their  supervision
from  engaging  in what it  considers  to be an unsafe and  unsound  practice in
conducting their business. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement
Act of 1991 ("FDICIA")  requires federal banking regulators to adopt regulations
or  guidelines  in a number  of areas  to  ensure  bank  safety  and  soundness,
including  internal  controls,  credit  underwriting,  asset growth,  management
compensation,  ratios of classified assets to capital and earnings.  FDICIA also
contains   provisions  which  are  intended  to  change   independent   auditing
requirements,  restrict the activities of  state-chartered  insured banks, amend
various consumer banking laws, limit the ability of "undercapitalized  banks" to
borrow from the Federal Reserve's discount window, require regulators to perform
periodic on-site bank examinations and set standards for real estate lending.

Borrowing  Limitations.  Each of the  Banks is  subject  to  limitations  on the
aggregate  amount  of  loans  that it can  make to any one  borrower,  including
related entities.  Subject to numerous exceptions based on the type of loans and
collateral,  applicable  statutes and  regulations  generally limit loans to one
borrower of 15% of total equity and reserves. Each of the Banks is in compliance
with applicable loans to one borrower requirements.

FDIC Insurance. Generally, customer deposit accounts in banks are insured by the
FDIC for up to a maximum  amount of $100,000.  The FDIC has adopted a risk-based
insurance assessment system under which depository institutions contribute funds
to the FDIC  insurance  fund  based on their risk  classification.  The FDIC may
terminate  the deposit  insurance of any insured  depository  institution  if it
determines after an  administrative  hearing that the institution has engaged or
is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition
to continue operations or has violated any applicable law.

Capital  Adequacy  Requirements.  The  Federal  Reserve,  the  FDIC  and the OCC
(collectively,  the "Agencies") have adopted  risk-based  capital guidelines for
banks and bank holding  companies that are designed to make  regulatory  capital
requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank
holding  companies and account for off-balance  sheet items.  Failure to achieve
and maintain adequate capital levels may give rise to supervisory action through
the  issuance  of a capital  directive  to ensure the  maintenance  of  required
capital levels. Each of the Banks is in compliance with applicable capital level
requirements.

The current  guidelines  require  all  federally  regulated  banks to maintain a
minimum risk-based total capital ratio equal to 8%, of which at least 4% must be
Tier 1 capital. Tier 1 capital includes common shareholders' equity,  qualifying
perpetual   preferred  stock  and  minority  interests  in  equity  accounts  of
consolidated subsidiaries,  but excludes goodwill and most other intangibles and
the allowance for loan and lease losses.  Tier 2 capital  includes the excess of
any  preferred  stock not  included  in Tier 1  capital,  mandatory  convertible
securities, hybrid capital instruments,  subordinated debt and intermediate term
preferred stock, 45% of unrealized gain of equity securities and general reserve
for loan and lease losses up to 1.25% of risk weighted assets. None of the Banks
has received  any notice  indicating  that it will be subject to higher  capital
requirements.

Under these guidelines,  banks' assets are given risk weights of 0%, 20%, 50% or
100%.  Most  loans are  assigned  to the 100% risk  category,  except  for first
mortgage  loans  fully  secured  by  residential  property  and,  under  certain
circumstances,  residential  construction loans (both carry a 50% rating).  Most
investment securities are assigned to the 20% category,  except for municipal or
state  revenue  bonds  (which have a 50% rating)  and direct  obligations  of or
obligations guaranteed by the United States Treasury or United States Government
Agencies (which have a 0% rating).

                                       10
<PAGE>

The Agencies have also  implemented a leverage  ratio,  which is equal to Tier 1
capital as a percentage of average total assets less intangibles,  to be used as
a  supplement  to the risk based  guidelines.  The  principal  objective  of the
leverage  ratio is to limit the maximum  degree to which a bank may leverage its
equity  capital  base.  The  minimum  required  leverage  ratio  for  top  rated
institutions is 3%, but most institutions are required to maintain an additional
cushion of at least 100 to 200 basis  points.  Any  institution  operating at or
near the 3% level is expected to be a strong  banking  organization  without any
supervisory,   financial  or  operational   weaknesses  or   deficiencies.   Any
institutions  experiencing or anticipating  significant growth would be expected
to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions, well above the
minimum levels.

Prompt Corrective Action.  Regulations  adopted by the Agencies impose even more
stringent  capital  requirements.  The FDIC and other Agencies must take certain
"prompt corrective action" when a bank fails to meet capital  requirements.  The
regulations  establish and define five capital levels:  (i)  "well-capitalized,"
(ii) "adequately  capitalized,"  (iii)  "undercapitalized,"  (iv) "significantly
undercapitalized"  and (v) "critically  undercapitalized."  Increasingly  severe
restrictions  are imposed on the payment of dividends and management fees, asset
growth and other aspects of the operations of  institutions  that fall below the
category of being "adequately  capitalized".  Undercapitalized  institutions are
required to develop and implement  capital plans  acceptable to the  appropriate
federal  regulatory  agency.  Such  plans must  require  that any  company  that
controls the  undercapitalized  institution must provide certain guarantees that
the institution will comply with the plan until it is adequately capitalized. As
of February 28,  2003,  neither the Company nor any of the Banks were subject to
any  regulatory  order,  agreement  or directive to meet and maintain a specific
capital level for any capital measure.  Furthermore,  as of that same date, each
of the Banks was  categorized  as "well  capitalized"  under  regulatory  prompt
corrective action provisions.

Restrictions  on  Dividends.  Dividends  paid to the Company by the Banks is the
major  source  of  Company  cash  flow.  Various  federal  and  state  statutory
provisions limit the amount of dividends  banking  subsidiaries are permitted to
pay to their holding  companies  without  regulatory  approval.  Federal Reserve
policy further limits the  circumstances  under which bank holding companies may
declare  dividends.  For example, a bank holding company should not continue its
existing  rate of cash  dividends  on its common  stock unless its net income is
sufficient  to fully fund each  dividend  and its  prospective  rate of earnings
retention appears  consistent with its capital needs,  asset quality and overall
financial condition.  In addition,  the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued
policy  statements  which provide that insured banks and bank holding  companies
should generally pay dividends only out of current operating  earnings.  Federal
and state  banking  regulators  may also  restrict  the payment of  dividends by
order.

First National,  as a national bank,  generally may pay dividends from undivided
profits without restriction, provided that its surplus fund is at least equal to
its common stock capital fund. Boone Bank, Randall-Story Bank and State Bank are
also restricted  under Iowa law to paying  dividends only out of their undivided
profits.  Additionally, the payment of dividends by the Banks is affected by the
requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy
guidelines and  regulations,  and the Banks generally are prohibited from paying
any dividends if, following payment thereof, the Bank would be undercapitalized.

Reserves  Against   Deposits.   The  Federal  Reserve  requires  all  depository
institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction  accounts (primarily
checking  accounts) and non-personal  time deposits.  Generally,  reserves of 3%
must be maintained  against total  transaction  accounts of  $36,100,000 or less
(subject to an exemption not in excess of the first  $6,000,000  of  transaction
accounts).  A reserve of $1,083,000 plus 10% of amounts in excess of $36,100,000
must be maintained in the event total transaction  accounts exceed  $36,100,000.
The balances maintained to meet the reserve  requirements imposed by the Federal
Reserve  may be used  to  satisfy  applicable  liquidity  requirements.  Because
required reserves must be maintained in the form of vault cash or a non-interest
bearing  account  at  a  Federal  Reserve  Bank,  the  effect  of  this  reserve
requirement is to reduce the earning assets of the Banks.

Bank Offices.  Iowa law regulates the establishment of bank offices and thus may
affect the Company's future plans to establish  additional offices of its Banks.
Pursuant to amendments to Iowa law effective February 21, 2002, current Iowa law
permits a state bank to establish up to three (3) offices anywhere in the state.
Until  July  1,  2004,  and  in  addition  to the  three  offices  which  may be
established  anywhere  in the state,  a bank may only  establish  a bank  office
inside the boundaries of the county in which the principal  place of business of
the state bank is located and those  counties  contiguous  to or cornering  upon
such  county.  The number of offices a state bank may  establish in a particular
municipality or urban complex may also be limited depending upon the population.
Effective July 1, 2004, the  geographical  restrictions on bank office locations
will be repealed. Finally, until July 1, 2004, Iowa law restricts the ability of
a  bank  to  establish  a de  novo  office  within  the  limits  of a  municipal
corporation where there is an already established state or national bank or bank
office.

                                       11
<PAGE>

Regulatory Developments

In 2000,  the  Financial  Services  Modernization  Act was  enacted  which:  (i)
repealed  historical  restrictions  on preventing  banks from  affiliating  with
securities firms; (ii) broadens the activities that may be conducted by national
banks and  banking  subsidiaries  of holding  companies;  and (iii)  provides an
enhanced  framework for  protecting  the privacy of consumers'  information.  In
addition,  bank holding  companies  may be owned,  controlled or acquired by any
company engaged in financially related activities, as long as such company meets
regulatory  requirements.  To the extent that this legislation  permits banks to
affiliate with financial services companies, the banking industry may experience
further consolidation.

Regulatory Enforcement Authority

The  enforcement  powers  available to federal and state banking  regulators are
substantial  and  include,  among  other  things,  the  ability to assess  civil
monetary penalties,  to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and to initiate
injunctive  actions against  banking  organizations  and  institution-affiliated
parties.  In general,  enforcement  actions must be initiated for  violations of
laws and  regulations  and  unsafe  or  unsound  practices.  Other  actions,  or
inactions, may provide the basis for enforcement action, including misleading or
untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. Applicable law also requires
public disclosure of final enforcement actions by the federal banking agencies.

National Monetary Policies

In addition to being affected by general economic  conditions,  the earnings and
growth  of the Banks  are  affected  by the  regulatory  authorities'  policies,
including the Federal Reserve.  An important  function of the Federal Reserve is
to regulate the money supply,  credit  conditions and interest rates.  Among the
instruments  used to implement  these  objectives are open market  operations in
U.S.  Government  securities,  changes  in  reserve  requirements  against  bank
deposits and the Federal Reserve Discount Rate, which is the rate charged member
banks to borrow from the Federal  Reserve Bank.  These  instruments  are used in
varying  combinations  to influence  overall growth and  distribution of credit,
bank loans,  investments  and deposits,  and their use may also affect  interest
rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.

The monetary  policies of the Federal  Reserve have had a material impact on the
operating  results of  commercial  banks in the past and are  expected to have a
similar  impact in the future.  Also  important  in terms of effect on banks are
controls on interest  rates paid by banks on deposits and types of deposits that
may be offered by banks.  The Depository  Institutions  Deregulation  Committee,
created by Congress in 1980,  phased out  ceilings on the rate of interest  that
may be paid on deposits by commercial  banks and savings and loan  associations,
with the result  that the  differentials  between  the  maximum  rates banks and
savings and loans can pay on deposit accounts have been  eliminated.  The effect
of  deregulation  of deposit  interest rates has been to increase banks' cost of
funds and to make banks more sensitive to fluctuation in market rates.

Availability of Information on Company Website

The Company files periodic  reports with the Securities and Exchange  Commission
("SEC"),  including annual reports on Form 10-K,  quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
and current  reports on Form 8-K. The Company does not currently  provide access
to such  reports on or  through  its  Internet  website,  as its  website is not
currently  configured for this purpose.  The Company is, however, in the process
of  restructuring  its website to enable the Company to provide  access to these
reports on or through its website.  Upon completion of this process, the Company
expects to make  available on or through its website free of charge all periodic
reports  filed by the Company with the SEC,  including  any  amendments  to such
reports,  as soon  as  reasonably  practicable  after  such  reports  have  been
electronically  filed with the SEC. The address of the Company's  website on the
Internet is: www.amesnational.com.

Until such time as these  reports  are  available  on or through  the  Company's
website,  the Company will provide  electronic  or paper copies of these reports
free of charge upon written or  telephonic  request  directed to John P. Nelson,
Vice  President  and  Secretary,  405 Fifth  Street,  Ames,  Iowa 50010 or (515)
232-6251.

                                       12
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

The Company's  office is housed in the main office of First National  located at
405 Fifth Street,  Ames,  Iowa and occupies  approximately  3,357 square feet. A
lease agreement between the Company and First National provides the Company will
make  available for use by First  National an equal amount of interior  space at
the Company's  building  located at 2330 Lincoln Way in lieu of rental payments.
The main office is owned by First  National free of any mortgage and consists of
approximately  45,000 square feet and includes a drive through banking facility.
In addition to its main office, First National conducts its business through two
full-service  offices, the University office and the North Grand office, and one
super-market  location,  the Cub Food office. All offices are located within the
city of Ames.  The North  Grand  office is owned by First  National  free of any
mortgage.  The University office is located in a 16,000 square foot multi-tenant
property  owned by the Company.  A 24-year lease  agreement with the Company has
been modified in 2002 to provide that an equal amount of interior  space will be
made  available  to the  Company at First  National's  main  office at 405 Fifth
Street in lieu of rental  payments.  First  National  will  continue to rent the
drive-up  facilities  of  approximately  1,850 square feet at this  location for
$1,200 per month.  The Cub Foods office is leased by First  National  from Super
Valu Stores under a 20 year lease with a five year initial term and three,  five
year renewal options. The current annual rental payment is $19,000.

State Bank  conducts  its  business  from its main office  located at 1025 Sixth
Street,  Nevada,  Iowa and from two additional  full-service  offices located in
McCallsburg and Colo, Iowa. All of these properties are owned by State Bank free
of any mortgage.

Boone Bank  conducts  its  business  from its main office  located at 716 Eighth
Street, Boone, Iowa and from one additional  full-service office also located in
Boone, Iowa. All properties are owned by Boone Bank free of any mortgage.

Randall-Story  Bank  conducts its business  from its main office  located at 606
Broad  Street,  Story City,  Iowa and from one  additional  full-service  office
located in Randall,  Iowa. All of these  properties  are owned by  Randall-Story
Bank free of any mortgage.

United Bank  conducts  its business  from its main office  located at 2101 South
Center Street, Marshalltown, Iowa. The 5,200 square foot premise was constructed
in 2002. The property is owned by United Bank free of any mortgage.

The only  property the Company owns is located at 2330 Lincoln Way,  Ames,  Iowa
consisting of a multi tenant building of approximately 16,000 square feet. First
National  leases 5,422 square feet of this  building to serve as its  University
office. The remaining space is currently leased to four other tenants who occupy
the space for business purposes.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Banks are from time to time parties to various legal actions  arising in the
normal course of business.  The Company  believes that there is no threatened or
pending  proceeding  against  the  Company or the Banks,  which,  if  determined
adversely,  would have a material  adverse  effect on the  business or financial
condition of the Company or the Banks.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS

There were no matters  submitted  to a vote of the  shareholders  of the Company
during the fourth quarter of 2002.

                                       13
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

On February 28, 2003, the Company had  approximately 613 shareholders of record.
The Company's  common stock is traded in the  over-the-counter  market under the
symbol "ATLO".  Trading in the Company's  common stock is,  however,  relatively
limited.  Market makers in the stock include US Bancorp Piper Jaffray,  402 Main
Street, Ames, Iowa 50010 (515-233-4064);  Howe Barnes Investments, Inc., 135 So.
LaSalle, Chicago, IL 60603 (312-655-3000); and Monroe Securities, Inc., 47 State
St., Rochester,  NY 14614  (800-766-5560).  Based on information provided to and
gathered by the Company on an informal basis, the Company believes that the high
and low sales price for the common  stock on a per share  basis  during the last
two years is as follows:

                              2002                                     2001
                         ---------------                         ---------------
                           Market Price                            Market Price
                         ---------------                         ---------------
Quarter                   High      Low    Quarter                High      Low
----------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
   1st ............      $40.00   $39.00     1st ............    $55.00   $40.00
   2nd ............       45.00    40.00     2nd ............     44.50    36.25
   3rd ............       46.75    43.00     3rd ............     41.50    36.55
   4th ............       47.50    45.90     4th ............     40.00    35.75

The  Company  declared  aggregate  annual  cash  dividends  in 2002  and 2001 of
$6,820,000 and  $5,187,000,  respectively,  or $2.18 per share in 2002 and $1.66
per share in 2001.  In February  2003,  the Company  declared an aggregate  cash
dividend of $1,377,000 or $.44 per share.  Quarterly  dividends  declared during
the last two years were as follows:

                                                2002                 2001
                                         ------------------   ------------------
                                           Cash dividends       Cash dividends
Quarter                                  declared per share   declared per share
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st ..................................          $0.42             $   0.40
2nd ..................................           0.88                 0.42
3rd ..................................           0.44                 0.42
4th ..................................           0.44                 0.42

The  decision  to declare any such cash  dividends  in the future and the amount
thereof rests within the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company and
will  be  subject  to,  among  other  things,   the  future  earnings,   capital
requirements  and  financial  condition  of the Company  and certain  regulatory
restrictions imposed on the payment of dividends by the Banks. Such restrictions
are  discussed  in greater  detail in  Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources.

                                       14
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The following  financial  data of the Company for the five years ended  December
31, 2002 through 1998 is derived from the Company's historical audited financial
statements and related footnotes. The information set forth below should be read
in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operation" and the consolidated  financial statements and related
notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report.
<TABLE>
                                                               Year Ended December 31
                                                  (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
                                          ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             2002          2001          2000          1999          1998
                                          ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
STATEMENT OF INCOME DATA
Interest income .......................   $   36,270    $   41,474    $   44,018    $   40,361    $   39,439
Interest expense ......................       11,663        18,883        24,261        19,981        19,668
                                          ------------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income ...................       24,607        22,591        19,757        20,380        19,771
Provision for loan losses .............          688           898           460           166           437
                                          ------------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income after provision for
loan losses ...........................       23,919        21,693        19,297        20,214        19,334
Noninterest income ....................        5,135         5,080         4,130         5,750         4,835
Noninterest expense ...................       13,276        11,587        10,712        11,208        10,264
                                          ------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before provision for income tax        15,778        15,186        12,715        14,756        13,905
Provision for income tax ..............        4,438         4,639         3,596         4,429         4,279
                                          ------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income ............................   $   11,340    $   10,547    $    9,119    $   10,327    $    9,626
                                          ==================================================================

DIVIDENDS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE DATA
Cash dividends declared ...............   $    6,820    $    5,187    $    4,932    $    4,664    $    4,355
Cash dividends declared per share .....   $     2.18    $     1.66    $     1.58    $     1.50    $     1.39
Basic and diluted earnings per share ..   $     3.63    $     3.38    $     2.92    $     3.31    $     3.07
Weighted average shares outstanding ...    3,127,285     3,123,885     3,120,375     3,118,427     3,138,939

BALANCE SHEET DATA
Total assets ..........................   $  677,229    $  622,280    $  619,385    $  605,881    $  579,956
Net loans .............................      332,306       323,043       344,015       309,652       287,713
Deposits ..............................      550,622       511,509       493,429       484,620       482,513
Stockholders' equity ..................      101,523        93,622        86,177        76,073        79,109

Equity to assets ratio ................       14.99%        15.04%        13.91%        12.56%        13.64%
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
                                                                                  Year Ended December 31
                                                                      (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
                                                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              2002           2001           2000           1999            1998
                                                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Net income .............................................   $    11,340    $    10,547    $     9,119    $    10,327    $     9,626
Average assets .........................................       635,816        616,971        626,560        594,441        560,524
Average stockholders' equity ...........................        98,282         91,373         80,081         80,074         77,445

Return on assets (net income divided by average assets)          1.78%          1.71%          1.46%          1.74%          1.72%
Return on equity  (net income divided by average equity)        11.54%         11.54%         11.39%         12.90%         12.43%
Efficiency ratio (noninterest expense divided by
 noninterest income plus net interest income) ..........        44.64%         41.87%         44.84%         42.89%         41.71%
Dividend payout ratio (dividends per share
divided by net income per share) .......................        60.05%         49.11%         54.11%         45.32%         45.28%
Dividend yield (dividends per share divided by closing
   market price) .......................................         4.69%          4.15%          2.87%          2.73%          2.78%
Equity to assets ratio (average equity divided
by average assets) .....................................        15.46%         14.81%         12.78%         13.47%         13.82%
</TABLE>

                                       15
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

The  following  discussion  is provided for the  consolidated  operations of the
Company,  which includes its wholly owned banking subsidiaries,  First National,
State Bank, Boone Bank,  Randall-Story Bank and United Bank. The purpose of this
discussion is to focus on significant  factors affecting the Company's financial
condition and results of operations.

Forward-Looking Statements

The discussion herein may contain forward-looking  statements about the Company,
its business and its prospects.  Forward-looking statements can be identified by
the fact that they do not relate  strictly to historical or current facts.  They
often  include use of the words  "believe",  "expect",  "anticipate",  "intend",
"plan",  "estimate" or words of similar meaning,  or future or conditional verbs
such as "will", "would", "should", "could" or "may". Forward-looking statements,
by their nature,  are subject to risks and  uncertainties.  A number of factors,
many of which are beyond the Company's  control,  could cause actual conditions,
events  or  results  to  differ   significantly  from  those  described  in  the
forward-looking  statements.  Such risks and  uncertainties  with respect to the
Company include those related to the economic  environment,  particularly in the
areas in which the  Company  and the Banks  operate,  competitive  products  and
pricing,  fiscal  and  monetary  policies  of the U.S.  government,  changes  in
governmental regulations affecting financial institutions,  including regulatory
fees and capital requirements, changes in prevailing interest rates, credit risk
management and asset/liability  management, the financial and securities markets
and the availability of and costs associated with sources of liquidity.

Critical Accounting Policies

The discussion  contained in this Item 7 and other  disclosures  included within
this  report,  are  based  on  the  Company's  audited  consolidated   financial
statements.  These  statements  have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles  generally  accepted in the United  States of America.  The financial
information  contained  in these  statements  is,  for the most  part,  based on
approximate  measures of the financial  effects of transactions  and events that
have already  occurred.  However,  the preparation of these statements  requires
management  to make certain  estimates  and  judgments  that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.

The  Company's  significant  accounting  policies are described in the "Notes to
Consolidated  Financial  Statements".  Based on its  consideration of accounting
policies that involve the most complex and subjective  estimates and judgements,
management has identified its most critical accounting policy to be that related
to the allowance for loan losses.

The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses
charged to expense. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when
management  believes  that  collectibility  of the  principal is  unlikely.  The
Company has policies and procedures for evaluating the overall credit quality of
its loan portfolio including timely identification of potential problem credits.
On a quarterly basis, management reviews the appropriate level for the allowance
for  loan  losses   incorporating  a  variety  of  risk   considerations,   both
quantitative  and  qualitative.   Quantitative  factors  include  the  Company's
historical  loss  experience,  delinquency  and  charge-off  trends,  collateral
values, known information about individual loans and other factors.  Qualitative
factors include the general  economic  environment in the Company's  market area
and the expected trend of the economic conditions.  To the extent actual results
differ from forecasts and management's  judgment,  the allowance for loan losses
may be greater or less than future charge-offs.

General

The Company earned net income of $11,340,000 in 2002,  compared to net income of
$10,547,000  in 2001 and net income of $9,119,000  in 2000.  The higher level of
net income in 2002 as compared to 2001 and 2001 versus 2000 is  attributable  to
an improved net  interest  margin as interest  expense  declined on deposits and
other  borrowings at a faster pace than the decline in interest  income on loans
and investment securities.  The Company's net income is derived principally from
the operating  results of the Banks.  Boone Bank, First National,  Randall-Story
Bank and State  Bank are  well-established  financial  institutions  that have a
record of profitable operations.  As a newly chartered bank, United Bank was not
profitable in 2002, and it is not expected to be profitable in 2003.

                                       16
<PAGE>

Financial Condition

Net loans for the year ended December 31, 2002,  increased to $332,306,000  from
$323,043,000  for the same  period in 2001.  The  increase in loan volume can be
primarily  attributed  to growth in the 1-4 family and  commercial  real  estate
portfolios at United Bank. For the year 2001, net loans declined  $20,972,000 as
the result of a slowdown in local,  state,  and national  economic  activity and
aggressive  competition  for  loans.  While  the  net  interest  margin  shows a
favorable  trend for the past two  years as the  result  of  declining  interest
rates,  the average yield on assets will likely fall given the current  interest
rate  environment and competition  will continue to create downward  pressure on
the net interest  margins of the Company's  Banks into the  foreseeable  future.
Currently,  the Company's largest market, Ames, Iowa, has competitors consisting
of seven banks,  three thrifts,  five credit unions and several other  financial
investment  companies.  Multiple  banks are also located in the Company's  other
communities  creating  similarly  competitive  environments.   The  increase  in
investment   securities  to  $244,575,000  on  December  31,  2002  compared  to
$213,778,000  on December 31, 2001 resulted  primarily from the purchase of U.S.
government agency securities during 2002.

Total assets  increased  $54,949,000 or 8.83% as of December 31, 2002 versus the
same date one year  earlier as the result of deposit  growth at United  Bank and
State Bank.  In 2002,  the rates paid on  deposits  were lower than in 2001 as a
result of decreases in market interest rates.  Deposits  increased 7.65% in 2002
compared  to an  increase  of 3.66% in 2001.  The Banks  continue to compete for
deposits in market areas where the total deposit growth  continues to be weak as
a  result  of  significant  bank and  non-bank  competition.  Other  borrowings,
including  Federal  Home  Loan  Bank  advances,  federal  funds  purchased,  and
securities  sold under  agreements to  repurchase,  totaled  $18,326,000 in 2002
compared to $11,596,000  in 2001.  Other  borrowings  increased at year end 2002
compared  to one year  prior  as the  result  of  customers  maintaining  higher
balances relating to securities sold under agreement to repurchase.

Average Balance Sheet and Interest Rates

The  following  tables show average  balances  and  interest  income or interest
expense, with the resulting average yield or rate by category of average earning
asset or interest bearing liability.

ASSETS
<TABLE>
                                                     2002                          2001                           2000
                                        ----------------------------  ----------------------------   -----------------------------
                                        Average    Revenue/  Yield/   Average    Revenue/   Yield/   Average    Revenue/   Yield/
                                        Balance    Expense    Rate    Balance    Expense     Rate    Balance    Expense     Rate
              (dollars in thousands)    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>
Interest-earning assets
Loans
Commercial ..........................   $ 42,948   $  3,042   7.08%   $ 49,081   $  4,107    8.37%   $ 52,764   $  4,378    8.30%
Agricultural ........................     25,274      1,895   7.50%     28,302      2,492    8.81%     26,328      2,465    9.36%
Real estate .........................    229,805     16,929   7.37%    240,382     19,458    8.09%    232,823     18,963    8.14%
Consumer and other ..................     19,494      1,341   6.88%     23,675      1,834    7.75%     27,200      2,500    9.19%
                                        ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total loans (including fees) ........   $317,521   $ 23,207   7.31%   $341,440   $ 27,891    8.17%   $339,115   $ 28,306    8.35%

Investment securities

Taxable .............................   $142,089   $  8,414   5.92%   $146,213   $  9,303    6.36%   $179,858   $ 11,644    6.47%
Tax-exempt ..........................     78,171      5,797   7.42%     68,001      5,210    7.66%     72,521      5,442    7.50%
                                        ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total investment securities .........   $220,260   $ 14,211   6.45%   $214,214   $ 14,513    6.78%   $252,379   $ 17,086    6.77%

Interest bearing deposits with banks    $    534   $     14   2.62%   $    251   $     13    5.18%   $  1,718   $     99    5.76%
Federal funds sold ..................     51,206        810   1.58%     25,953        829    3.19%      5,602        377    6.73%
                                        ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Interest-earning assets .......   $589,521   $ 38,242   6.49%   $581,858   $ 43,246    7.43%   $598,814   $ 45,868    7.66%

Noninterest-earning assets

Cash and due from banks .............   $ 28,206                      $ 21,040                       $ 19,324
Premises and equipment, net .........      7,912                         5,892                          5,285
Other, less allowance for loan losses     10,177                         8,181                          3,137
                                        --------                      --------
Total noninterest-earning assets ....   $ 46,295                      $ 35,113                       $ 27,746
                                        --------                      --------                       --------

TOTAL ASSETS ........................   $635,816                      $616,971                       $626,560
                                        ========                      ========                       ========
<FN>
1    Average loan balance  includes  nonaccrual  loans, if any.  Interest income
     collected on nonaccrual loans has been included.

2    Tax-exempt  income has been  adjusted  to a  tax-equivalent  basis using an
     incremental tax rate of 34%.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       17
<PAGE>
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
<TABLE>
                                                 2002                           2001                           2000
                                     ----------------------------   ----------------------------   ----------------------------
                                     Average    Revenue/   Yield/   Average    Revenue/   Yield/   Average    Revenue/   Yield/
                                     Balance    Expense     Rate    Balance    Expense     Rate    Balance    Expense     Rate
           (dollars in thousands)    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>
Interest-bearing liabilities
Deposits
Savings, NOW accounts,
and money markets ................   $260,426   $  3,393    1.30%   $228,908   $  5,727    2.50%   $218,795   $  8,144    3.72%
Time deposits < $100,000 .........    152,703      6,107    4.00%    158,625      8,736    5.51%    159,035      8,972    5.64%
Time deposits > $100,000 .........     51,428      1,898    3.69%     58,253      3,329    5.71%     62,052      3,823    6.16%
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total deposits ...................   $464,557   $ 11,398    2.45%   $445,786   $ 17,792    3.99%   $439,882   $ 20,939    4.76%
Other borrowed funds .............     13,887        265    1.91%     23,008      1,091    4.74%     52,749      3,322    6.30%
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Interest-bearing liabilities   $478,444   $ 11,663    2.44%   $468,794   $ 18,883    4.03%   $492,631   $ 24,261    4.92%
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Noninterest-bearing liabilities
Demand deposits ..................   $ 53,318                       $ 51,113                       $ 47,590
Other liabilities ................      5,772                          5,691                          6,258
                                     --------                       --------                       --------
Stockholders' equity .............   $ 98,282                       $ 91,373                       $ 80,081
                                     --------                       --------                       --------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY .............   $635,816                       $616,971                       $626,560
                                     ========                       ========                       ========
Net interest income ..............              $ 26,579    4.51%              $ 24,363    4.19%              $ 21,607    3.61%
                                                ========                       ========                       ========
Spread Analysis
Interest income/average assets ...              $ 38,242    6.01%              $ 43,246    7.01%              $ 45,868    7.32%
Interest expense/average assets ..                11,663    1.83%                18,883    3.06%                24,261    3.87%
Net interest income/average assets                26,579    4.18%                24,363    3.95%                21,607    3.45%
</TABLE>

Rate and Volume Analysis

The following  table sets forth,  on a  tax-equivalent  basis,  a summary of the
changes in net interest income resulting from changes in volume and rates.
<TABLE>
                                               2002 Compared to 2001             2001 Compared to 2000
       (dollars in thousands)              ------------------------------    -----------------------------
                                           Volume       Rate      Total      Volume     Rate       Total
                                           ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>
Interest income
Loans
Commercial .............................   $  (477)   $  (588)   $(1,065)   $  (308)   $    37    $  (271)
Agricultural ...........................      (250)      (347)   $  (597)       179       (152)        27
Real estate ............................      (836)    (1,693)   $(2,529)       613       (118)       495
Consumer and other .....................      (301)      (192)   $  (493)      (301)      (365)      (666)
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------
Total loans (including fees) ...........   $(1,864)   $(2,820)   $(4,684)   $   183    $  (598)   $  (415)

Investment securities
Taxable ................................   $  (257)   $  (632)   $  (889)   $(2,144)   $  (197)   $(2,341)
Tax-exempt .............................       755       (168)   $   587       (344)       112       (232)
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------
Total investment
securities .............................   $   498    $  (800)   $  (302)   $(2,488)   $   (85)   $(2,573)

Interest bearing deposits with banks ...   $    10    $    (9)   $     1    $   (77)   $    (9)   $   (86)
Federal funds sold .....................       538       (557)   $   (19)       741       (289)       452
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------
Total Interest-earning assets ..........   $  (818)   $(4,186)   $(5,004)   $(1,641)   $  (981)   $(2,622)

Interest-bearing liabilities
Deposits
Savings, NOW accounts, and money markets   $   704    $(3,038)   $(2,334)   $   361    $(2,778)   $(2,417)
Time deposits < $100,000 ...............      (314)    (2,315)   $(2,629)       (23)      (213)      (236)
Time deposits > $100,000 ...............      (431)    (1,000)   $(1,431)      (226)      (268)      (494)
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------
Total deposits .........................   $   (41)   $(6,353)   $(6,394)   $   112    $(3,259)   $(3,147)
Other borrowed funds ...................      (330)      (496)      (826)    (1,551)      (680)    (2,231)
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------
Total Interest-bearing liabilities .....   $  (371)   $(6,849)   $(7,220)   $(1,439)   $(3,939)   $(5,378)
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income/earning assets .....   $  (447)   $ 2,663    $ 2,216    $  (202)   $ 2,958    $ 2,756
<FN>

1    The change in interest due to both volume and yield/rate has been allocated
     to change due to volume and change due to  yield/rate  in proportion to the
     absolute value of the change in each.
</FN>
</TABLE>
                                       18
<PAGE>

Net Interest Income

The  Company's  largest  component  contributing  to net income is net  interest
income,  which is the difference between interest earned on earning assets which
are  primarily  loans and  investments  and  interest  paid on interest  bearing
liabilities  which are  primarily  deposits  and  borrowings.  The volume of and
yields earned on earning assets and the volume of and the rates paid on interest
bearing liabilities determine net interest income.  Interest earned and interest
paid is also affected by general economic  conditions,  particularly  changes in
market interest rates,  and by government  policies and the action of regulatory
authorities.  Net interest  income divided by average earning assets is referred
to as net interest  margin.  For the years December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, the
Company's  net interest  margin was 4.51%,  4.19% and 3.61%,  respectively.  The
improved net interest  margin in 2002 and 2001 is attributable to lower interest
expense as the Company was able to lower deposit and other borrowings rates more
quickly than loans and investment rates declined.

While the trend of the net interest  margin is favorable for the past two years,
the average  yield on assets will  likely fall given the current  interest  rate
environment  and the high level of  competition in the local markets will likely
cause  downward  pressure on the net  interest  margin of the  Company  into the
foreseeable  future.  Currently,  the Company's largest market,  Ames, Iowa, has
seven banks,  three  thrifts,  five credit  unions and several  other  financial
investment  companies.  Multiple  banks are also located in the Company's  other
communities creating similarly competitive environments.

Net interest income during 2002, 2001 and 2000 totaled $24,608,000,  $22,591,000
and $19,757,000, respectively,  representing an 8.93% increase in 2002 from 2001
and a 14.34%  increase in 2001 compared to 2000. The higher net interest  income
in both periods  resulted from lower interest expense as the Company was able to
lower deposit and other  borrowings rates more quickly than loans and investment
rates declined.

Provision for Loan Losses

The provision for loan losses reflects  management's  judgment of the expense to
be  recognized in order to maintain an adequate  allowance for loan losses.  The
Company  provided  $688,000 for loan losses  during 2002 compared to $898,000 in
2001 and $460,000 in 2000.  Provision expense was higher in 2001 versus 2002 and
2000 as the result of deterioration in the commercial lease portfolio in 2001.

Management  believes  the  allowance  for loan  losses to be  adequate to absorb
probable  losses  in  the  current  portfolio.  This  statement  is  based  upon
management's  continuing  evaluation  of  inherent  risks  in the  current  loan
portfolio, current levels of classified assets and general economic factors. The
Company will continue to monitor the allowance  and make future  adjustments  to
the allowance as conditions dictate.

Noninterest Income and Expense

Non-interest  income during 2002, 2001 and 2000 totaled  $5,135,000,  $5,080,000
and  $4,130,000,  respectively,  representing a 1.08% increase in 2002 from 2001
and a 23.00%  increase in 2001 compared 2000. The increase in 2002 is the result
of improved  profitability  of trust,  secondary  market,  and automated  teller
machine  business  offset by lower security  gains.  The increase in 2001 can be
attributed to higher security gains and increased  revenues from deposit,  trust
and secondary market lending services.

Non-interest expense during 2002, 2001 and 2000 totaled $13,276,000, $11,587,000
and  $10,712,000,  respectively,  representing an 14.57% increase in 2002 versus
2001 and a 8.17%  increase  in 2001  compared  to 2000.  The higher  noninterest
expense in 2002 is the result of overhead expenses in chartering United Bank and
increased  salary and benefit  expenses related to profit sharing and retirement
plans.  The higher  noninterest  expense in 2001 is  primarily  attributable  to
higher salary and benefits  expenses,  data processing  costs,  and professional
fees  associated with filings with the Securities and Exchange  Commission.  The
percentage of non-interest expense to average assets was 2.09% in 2002, compared
to 1.88% and 1.71% during 2001 and 2000, respectively.

Provision for Income Taxes

The  provision  for  income  taxes  for  2002,  2001 and  2000  was  $4,438,000,
$4,639,000 and $3,596,000, respectively. This amount represents an effective tax
rate of 28.13%  during  2002,  compared  to 30.54% and 28.28% for 2001 and 2000,
respectively.  The  Company's  marginal  federal tax rate is currently  35%. The
difference  between the  Company's  effective and marginal tax rate is primarily
related to investments made in tax exempt securities.

                                       19
<PAGE>

Investment Portfolio

The following  table  presents the market values,  which  represent the carrying
values due to the available-for-sale classification, of the Company's investment
portfolio as of December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

                                              ----------------------------------
                                                2002         2001         2000
                   (dollars in thousands)     ----------------------------------

U.S. treasury securities ................     $  4,208     $ 12,548     $ 23,150
U.S. government agencies ................       85,780       60,858       85,864
State and political subdivisions ........       70,516       63,109       61,411
Corporate bonds .........................       56,357       51,106       43,167
Equity securities .......................       27,714       26,157       19,114
                                              ----------------------------------
Total ...................................     $244,575     $213,778     $232,706

Investments  in  states  and  political   subdivisions  represent  purchases  of
municipal bonds located primarily in the state of Iowa and contiguous states.

Investment in other securities  includes corporate debt obligations of companies
located and doing business  throughout the United States.  The debt  obligations
were all within  the  credit  ratings  acceptable  under the  Banks'  investment
policies  with the  exception of one  corporate  bond with an amortized  cost of
$498,000  and a market  value of  $485,000.  The bond was rated by  Moody's  and
Standard & Poor's rating service publications as B1 and B+, respectively,  as of
December  31,  2002  falling  outside  the Bank's  acceptable  rating  standards
subsequent  to its purchase  date of November 16, 1998. As of December 31, 2002,
the Company did not have securities from a single issuer,  except for the United
States   Government  or  its  agencies,   which  exceeded  10%  of  consolidated
stockholders'  equity.  The equity securities  portfolio  consists  primarily of
financial and utility stocks as of December 31, 2002, 2001, and 2000.

Investment Maturities as of December 31, 2002

The  investments in the following  table are reported by  contractual  maturity.
Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may
have  the  right  to call or  prepay  obligations  with  or  without  prepayment
penalties.
<TABLE>
                                                   After One     After Five
                                                    Year But      Years But
                                        Within       Within        Within         After
                                       One Year    Five Years     Ten Years     Ten Years       Total
              (dollars in thousands) -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
U.S. treasury ....................   $    1,915    $    1,749    $      544    $       --    $     4,208
U.S. government agencies .........       14,953        45,223        22,754         2,850         85,780
States and political subdivisions         4,165        20,430        30,163        15,758         70,516
Corporate bonds ..................        7,044        19,526        29,262           525         56,357
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------
Total ............................   $   28,077    $   86,928    $   82,723    $   19,133    $   216,861

Weighted average yield

U.S. treasury ....................        5.40%         4.22%         5.20%         4.89%
U.S. government agencies .........        5.75%         4.57%         5.03%         4.42%          4.90%
States and political subdivisions*        6.45%         7.19%         7.45%         7.41%          7.30%
Corporate bonds ..................        6.18%         6.59%         6.33%         6.41%          6.40%
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------
Total ............................        5.94%         5.63%         6.37%         6.94%          6.07%
<FN>
*    Yields on tax-exempt  obligations of states and political subdivisions have
     been computed on a tax-equivalent basis.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       20
<PAGE>

Loan Portfolio

Types of Loans

The following  table sets forth the  composition of the Company's loan portfolio
for the past five years ending at December 31, 2002.
<TABLE>
                                   ----------------------------------------------------
                                     2002       2001       2000       1999       1998
      (dollars in thousands)       ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Real Estate
   Construction ................   $ 13,518   $ 12,677   $ 12,221   $  9,062   $  7,641
   1-4 family residential ......     81,239     84,379     97,663     89,171     84,767
   Commercial ..................    136,351    117,211    112,415     98,840     83,115
   Agricultural ................     21,693     21,029     21,095     19,999     18,336
Commercial .....................     40,097     45,631     53,955     48,920     52,458
Agricultural ...................     26,022     27,367     28,199     25,575     23,882
Consumer and other .............     19,921     20,920     24,576     23,897     23,263
                                   ----------------------------------------------------
Total loans ....................    338,841    329,214    350,124    315,464    293,462
Deferred loan fees, net ........        777        725        736        826        903
                                   ----------------------------------------------------
Total loans net of deferred fees   $338,064   $328,489   $349,388   $314,638   $292,559
</TABLE>

The Company's loan portfolio consists of commercial loans,  agricultural  loans,
commercial real estate and residential  real estate loans and consumer loans. As
of December 31, 2002,  gross loans totaled  approximately  $339  million,  which
equals  approximately  62% of  total  deposits  and 50% of total  assets.  As of
December 31, 2002,  the  majority of the loans were  originated  directly by the
Banks to  borrowers  within  the Banks'  principal  market  areas.  There are no
foreign loans outstanding during the years presented.

Commercial  loans consist  primarily of loans to businesses for various purposes
including revolving lines to finance current operations,  floor-plans, inventory
and accounts  receivable;  capital  expenditure  loans to finance  equipment and
other fixed  assets;  and letters of credit.  These loans  generally  have short
maturities,  have either  adjustable or fixed rates and are unsecured or secured
by inventory, accounts receivable, equipment and/or real estate.

Agricultural loans play an important part in the Banks' loan portfolios. Iowa is
a major  agricultural state and is a national leader in both grain and livestock
production.  The Banks play a significant role in their communities in financing
operating, livestock and real estate activities.

All lending is done on a personal  basis  using cash flow as the most  important
criterion  after  assessing the borrower's  character.  Government  programs are
utilized where the benefit to both borrower and lender is evident.

Real estate loans  include  various types of loans for which the Banks hold real
property as collateral and consist of loans  primarily on commercial  properties
and single family  residences.  Real estate loans typically have fixed rates for
up to five years with the  Company's  loan  policy  having a maximum  fixed rate
maturity  of up to 15 years.  The  majority  of  construction  loan volume is to
contractors to construct  commercial  buildings and generally have maturities of
up to 12 months.  The Banks originate  residential real estate loans for sale to
the secondary market for a fee.

Consumer loans include loans extended to individuals  for household,  family and
other  personal  expenditures  not secured by real  estate.  The majority of the
Banks'  consumer  lending is for  vehicles,  consolidation  of  personal  debts,
household appliances and improvements.

The interest  rates charged on loans vary with the degree of risk, the amount of
the loan and the maturity of the loan.  Competitive  pressures,  market interest
rates, the availability of funds and government regulation further influence the
rate charged on a loan. The Banks follow a loan policy,  which has been approved
by both the  Company and Banks'  Boards of  Directors  and are  overseen by both
Company and Bank management. These policies establish lending limits, review and
grading criteria and other guidelines such as loan  administration and allowance
for loan losses.  Loans are  approved by the Banks'  Board of  Directors  and/or
designated  officers in accordance with respective  guidelines and  underwriting
policies of the Company.  Loans to one borrower are limited by applicable  state
and federal banking laws.  Credit limits generally vary according to the type of
loan and the individual loan officer's experience.

                                       21
<PAGE>

Maturities  and  Sensitivities  of  Loans to  Changes  in  Interest  Rates as of
December 31, 2002.

The  contractual  maturities of the Company's loan portfolio are as shown below.
Actual  maturities may differ from  contractual  maturities  because  individual
borrowers  may have  the  right  to  prepay  loans  with or  without  prepayment
penalties.

                                                After One
                                                Year But
                                     Within      Within       After
                                    One Year   five years  Five Years    Total
       (dollars in thousands)       --------------------------------------------

Real Estate
   Construction ................    $ 10,175    $  2,578    $    765    $ 13,518
   1-4 family residential ......       5,004      33,403      42,832      81,239
   Commercial ..................       9,371      94,643      32,337     136,351
   Agricultural ................       1,486       4,394      15,813      21,693
Commercial .....................      25,064      11,444       3,589      40,097
Agricultural ...................      18,580       4,058       3,384      26,022
Consumer and other .............       5,113      10,335       4,473      19,921
                                    --------------------------------------------
Total loans ....................    $ 74,793    $160,855    $103,193    $338,841

                                                        After One
                                                         Year But
                                                         Within          After
                                                        Five Years    Five Years
                                                        ------------------------
Loan maturities after one year with:
Fixed rates ......................................       $146,405       $ 63,056
Variable rates ...................................         14,450         40,137
                                                         -----------------------
                                                         $160,855       $103,193
Non-performing Assets

The   following   table  sets  forth   information   concerning   the  Company's
non-performing assets for the past five years ending December 31, 2002.

                                      ------------------------------------------
                                       2002     2001     2000     1999     1998
        (dollars in thousands)        ------------------------------------------

Non-performing assets:
Nonaccrual loans ..................   $2,015   $2,692   $2,663   $  405   $   80
Loans 90 days or more past due ....      394      797      242      723      581
Restructured loans ................       --       --       --       --       --
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                       2,409    3,489    2,905    1,128      661
Other real estate owned ...........      295      159       75       41       43
                                      ------------------------------------------
Total non-performing assets .......   $2,704   $3,648   $2,980   $1,169   $  704

The accrual of interest on non-accrual  and other impaired loans is discontinued
at 90 days or when, in the opinion of management,  the borrower may be unable to
meet  payments as they become due. When interest  accrual is  discontinued,  all
unpaid accrued interest is reversed.  Interest income is subsequently recognized
only to the extent cash payments are received.  Interest  income on restructured
loans is recognized  pursuant to the terms of the new loan  agreement.  Interest
income on other  impaired  loans is  monitored  and based  upon the terms of the
underlying  loan  agreement.  However,  the recorded net  investment in impaired
loans,  including  accrued  interest,  is  limited to the  present  value of the
expected cash flows of the impaired loan or the observable  fair market value of
the loan's collateral.

Outstanding  loans of $383,000  were placed on  non-accrual  status in 2002 with
total non-accrual loans equaling $2,015,000 as of December 31, 2002. Outstanding
loans  of  $886,000  were  placed  on  non-accrual  status  in 2001  with  total
non-accrual loans equaling $2,692,000 as of December 31, 2001. Outstanding loans
of $2,578,000 were placed on non-accrual  status in 2000 with total  non-accrual
loans  equaling  $2,663,000 as of December 31, 2000. A real estate loan at First
National  with a December 31, 2002 and 2001 balance of $1,305,000 is the largest
non-performing  asset.  For the years ended  December 31,  2002,  2001 and 2000,
interest income, which would have been recorded under the original terms of such
loans was  approximately  $160,000,  $243,000 and $254,000,  respectively,  with
$17,000, $114,000 and $101,000, respectively, recorded.

                                       22
<PAGE>

Summary of the Allowance for Loan Losses

The provision for loan losses represents charges made to earnings to maintain an
adequate   allowance  for  loan  losses.   The  allowance  for  loan  losses  is
management's  best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as
of the balance sheet date.  Factors  considered in  establishing  an appropriate
allowance include: an assessment of the financial  condition of the borrower;  a
realistic  determination  of value and adequacy of  underlying  collateral;  the
condition of the local economy and the condition of the specific industry of the
borrower; an analysis of the levels and trends of loan categories;  and a review
of delinquent and classified loans.

The adequacy of allowance  for loan losses is evaluated  quarterly by management
and the  respective  Bank  boards.  This  evaluation  focuses on  specific  loan
reviews,  changes in the type and volume of the loan portfolio given the current
and forecasted  economic  conditions and historical loss experience.  Any one of
the following  conditions may result in the review of a specific  loan:  concern
about whether the customer's  cash flow or net worth are sufficient to repay the
loan;   delinquent  status;  the  loan  has  been  criticized  in  a  regulatory
examination;  the  accrual of  interest  has been  suspended;  or other  reasons
including  when the loan has other  special  or  unusual  characteristics  which
suggest special monitoring is warranted.

While  management  uses  available  information  to  recognize  losses on loans,
further  reductions in the carrying  amounts of loans may be necessary  based on
changes in local economic conditions.  In addition,  regulatory agencies,  as an
integral part of their examination  process,  periodically  review the estimated
losses on loans.  Such agencies may require the Company to recognize  additional
losses based on their judgment about  information  available to them at the time
of their examination.

Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses

The Company's policy is to charge-off loans when, in management's  opinion,  the
loan is deemed  uncollectible,  although  concerted efforts are made to maximize
future recoveries.  The following table sets forth information regarding changes
in the Company's Allowance for Loan Losses For The Most Recent Five Years.
<TABLE>
                                      --------------------------------------------------------
                                        2002        2001        2000         1999       1998
          (dollars in thousands)      --------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance at beginning of period ....   $  5,446    $  5,373    $  4,986    $  4,846    $  4,459
Charge-offs:
Real Estate
   Construction ...................         --          --          --          --          --
   1-4 Family Residential .........         --           1          --          --          --
   Commercial .....................         40          --          --          18          --
   Agricultural ...................         --          --          --          --          --
Commercial ........................        235         768          55          --         118
Agricultural ......................         --          --          --          --          --
Consumer and other ................        155          83          96          41          26
                                      --------------------------------------------------------
                                           430         852         151          59         144
Recoveries:
Real Estate
   Construction ...................         --          --          --          --          --
   1-4 Family Residential .........         20          --          --          --          --
   Commercial .....................         --          --          --          16          --
   Agricultural ...................         --          --          --          --          --
Commercial ........................         14           8          66          --          79
Agricultural ......................         --          --          --          --          --
Consumer and other ................         20          19          12          17          15
                                      --------------------------------------------------------
                                            54          27          78          33          94

Net charge-offs (recoveries) ......   $    376    $    825    $     73    $     26    $     50
Additions charged to
operations ........................        688         898         460         166         437
                                      --------------------------------------------------------
Balance at end of period ..........   $  5,758    $  5,446    $  5,373    $  4,986    $  4,846

Average Loans Outstanding .........   $317,521    $341,440    $339,115    $299,064    $279,054

Ratio of net charge-offs during the
period to average loans
outstanding .......................      0.12%       0.24%       0.02%       0.01%       0.02%

Ratio of allowance for loan losses
to total loans net of deferred fees      1.70%       1.65%       1.54%       1.58%       1.66%
</TABLE>

                                       23
<PAGE>

Reserve levels increased to 1.70% of total loans  outstanding as of December 31,
2002 compared to 1.65% as of December 31, 2001.  The increase in reserve  levels
relates  primarily to First National as the result of higher  specific  reserves
for two  problem  credits  identified  by  management  prior to 2002  and  large
specific reserve for a newly downgraded problem loan in 2002. Problem commercial
leases identified in 2001 led to higher provision  expense,  net charge-offs and
specific reserves as credit weaknesses were identified in 2001.  General reserve
allocations remained consistent in 2002 with prior years.

General  reserves for loan  categories  normally range from 1.00 to 2.00% of the
outstanding loan balances. As loan volume increases,  the general reserve levels
increase with that growth. As the previous table indicates, loan provisions have
increased in 2001 and 2002 as the result of higher level of net  charge-offs and
specific  reserves.  The general  reserve loss factors have remained  consistent
over the five-year period presented.  The allowance  relating to commercial real
estate and commercial loans are the largest reserve components.  Commercial real
estate loans have higher general  reserve levels than other real estate loans as
management perceives more risk in this type of lending. Elements contributing to
the  higher  risk  level  include   susceptibility  of  businesses  to  changing
environmental factors such as the economic business cycle, the larger individual
loan  amounts,  a limited  number of buyers  and the  specialized  uses for some
properties.  As of December 31, 2002,  commercial real estate loans have general
reserves of 1.30% and 1-4 family residential  loans, which management  generally
considers lower risk, have general reserves of 1.00%. The estimation methods and
assumptions  used in determining the allowance for the five years presented have
remained consistent.

Loans that the Banks have  identified  as having higher risk levels are reviewed
individually  in an effort to establish  adequate loss reserves.  These reserves
are considered specific reserves and are directly impacted by the credit quality
of  the  underlying  loans.  Normally,  as  the  actual  or  expected  level  of
non-performing loans increase, the specific reserves also increase. For December
31, 2002 and 2001,  specific reserves  increased $386,000 or 29.65% and $142,000
or 12.24%,  respectively.  Specific allocations for commercial real estate loans
triggered  the  increase  in 2002 while  commercial  leases  contributed  to the
increase in total reserve  levels in 2001.  The specific  reserves are dependent
upon assumptions  regarding the liquidation  value of collateral and the cost of
recovering  collateral  including  legal fees.  Changing  the amount of specific
reserves on individual  loans has had the largest impact on the  reallocation of
the reserve among different parts of the portfolio.

Other factors that are considered  when  determining the adequacy of the reserve
include loan  concentrations,  loan growth,  the economic outlook and historical
losses. The Company's  concentration  risks include geographic  concentration in
central Iowa; the local  economy's  dependence  upon several large  governmental
entities,   including  Iowa  State   University  and  the  Iowa   Department  of
Transportation;  and the health of Iowa's  agricultural sector that is dependent
on weather conditions and government programs. Additional reserves have not been
established for local and national  economic  conditions over the last five-year
period.  Historical losses reflect good credit quality over the past five years,
as net losses have not exceeded .24% which  compares  favorably to the Company's
reserve of 1.70% as of December 31, 2002.  However,  no  assurances  can be made
that losses will remain at the favorable  levels  experienced over the past five
years.

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses

The following table sets forth information  concerning the Company's  allocation
of the allowance for loan losses.
<TABLE>
                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  2002              2001               2000              1999              1998
 (dollars in thousands)     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Amount    % *     Amount     % *     Amount    % *     Amount    % *     Amount    % *
<S>                         <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>       <C>      <C>
Balance at end of period
applicable to:
Real Estate
   Construction .........      210    3.99%      178     3.85%      163    3.49%       91    2.87%       80    2.60%
   1-4 family residential      892   23.98%      980    25.63%    1,088   27.89%      899   28.27%      809   28.89%
   Commercial ...........    2,453   40.24%    1,704    35.60%    1,619   32.11%    1,536   31.33%    1,330   28.32%
   Agricultural .........      302    6.40%      279     6.39%      315    6.03%      237    6.34%      194    6.25%
Commercial ..............      910   11.83%      938    13.86%      754   15.41%      573   15.51%      828   17.88%
Agricultural ............      504    7.68%      457     8.31%      421    8.05%      541    8.11%      517    8.14%
Consumer and other ......      235    5.88%      258     6.35%      538    7.02%      560    7.58%      604    7.93%
Unallocated .............      252               652                475               549               484
                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            $5,758     100%   $5,446      100%   $5,373     100%   $4,986     100%   $4,846     100%
<FN>

*  Percent of loans in each category to total loans.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       24
<PAGE>

Deposits

Types of Deposits

The Company's primary source of funds is customer deposits. The Company attempts
to attract  non-interest-bearing  deposits, which are a low cost funding source.
In addition, the Banks offer a variety of interest-bearing  accounts designed to
attract   both   short-term   and    longer-term    deposits   from   customers.
Interest-bearing  accounts earn interest at rates established by Bank management
based on  competitive  market  factors and the Company's  need for funds.  While
nearly 61% of the Banks'  certificates of deposit mature in the next year, it is
anticipated  that a  majority  of  these  certificates  will  be  renewed.  Rate
sensitive certificates of deposits in excess of $100,000 are subject to somewhat
higher  volatility with regard to renewal volume as the Banks adjust rates based
upon funding needs. In the event a substantial  volume of  certificates  are not
renewed,  the Company has sufficient  liquid assets and borrowing  lines to fund
significant  runoff.  A  sustained  reduction  in  deposit  volume  would have a
significant  negative  impact on the  Company's  operation  and  liquidity.  The
Company  traditionally  has not  relied  upon  brokered  deposits  and  does not
anticipate utilizing such funds at the present time.

Average Deposits by Type

The following  table sets forth the average  balances for each major category of
deposit and the weighted  average  interest  rate paid for  deposits  during the
years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.
<TABLE>
                                              2002                2001                 2000
                                      -----------------------------------------------------------
                                       Amount      Rate     Amount     Rate      Amount     Rate
          (dollars in thousands)      -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>          <C>     <C>         <C>      <C>         <C>
Noninterest bearing demand deposits   $ 53,318             $ 51,113             $ 47,590
Interest bearing demand deposits ..    115,494     1.00%    103,529    2.01%      98,105    3.17%
Money market deposits .............    120,446     1.71%    101,267    3.23%      93,583    4.67%
Savings deposits ..................     24,486     0.71%     24,112    1.56%      27,107    2.39%
Time certificates < $100,000 ......    152,703     4.00%    158,625    5.51%     159,035    5.64%
Time certificates > $100,000 ......     51,428     3.69%     58,253    5.71%      62,052    6.16%
                                      --------             --------             --------
                                      $517,875             $496,899             $487,472
</TABLE>

Deposit Maturity

The  following  table  shows  the  amounts  and  remaining  maturities  of  time
certificates  of deposit  that had  balances of $100,000 and over as of December
31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

                                               2002         2001          2000
         (dollars in thousands)              -----------------------------------
3 months or less .....................       $15,162       $16,771       $21,665
Over 3 through 12 months .............        25,939        24,590        34,901
Over 12 through 36 months ............         9,281         4,765         6,996
Over 36 months .......................         4,182         1,590           333
                                             -----------------------------------
Total ................................       $54,564       $47,716       $63,895

Borrowed Funds

The following table summarizes the outstanding amount of and the average rate on
borrowed funds as of December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

                                     2002             2001              2000
                              --------------------------------------------------
                              Average           Average           Average
                              Balance   Rate    Balance   Rate    Balance   Rate
  (dollars in thousands)      --------------------------------------------------

FHLB advances .............   $     0   0.00%$    1,000   5.21%   $16,000  6.59%
Federal funds purchased and
repurchase agreements .....    18,326   1.50%    10,596   2.54%    19,007  6.19%
                              --------------------------------------------------
Total .....................   $18,326   1.50%   $11,596   2.77%   $35,007  6.37%

                                       25
<PAGE>

Average Annual Borrowed Funds

The following  table sets forth the average amount of, the average rate paid and
maximum  outstanding  balance on borrowed funds for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000.
<TABLE>
                                                    2002               2001                2000
                                             ----------------------------------------------------------
                                             Average   Average   Average   Average   Average   Average
                                             Balance     Rate    Balance    Rate     Balance     Rate
         (dollars in thousands)              ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
FHLB advances ............................   $    47     4.26%   $ 8,791     6.29%   $20,973    6.99%
Federal funds purchased
& repurchase agreements ..................    13,840     1.91%    14,217     3.78%    31,776    5.84%
                                             --------------------------------------------------------
Total ....................................   $13,887     1.91%   $23,008     4.74%   $52,749    6.30%

Maximum Amount Outstanding during the year
  FHLB advances ..........................   $ 1,000             $16,000            $50,300
  Federal funds purchased
  and repurchase agreements ..............    18,326              25,400             36,362
</TABLE>

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The  objective  of  liquidity  management  is  to  ensure  the  availability  of
sufficient  cash flows to meet all  financial  commitments  and to capitalize on
opportunities for profitable business expansion.  The Company's principal source
of funds is deposits including demand, money market, savings and certificates of
deposit.  Other sources include principal repayments on loans, proceeds from the
maturity and sale of investment securities,  federal fund purchased,  repurchase
agreements,  advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and funds  provided
by  operations.  Net cash from  operating  activities  contributed  $11,221,000,
$12,253,000  and  $8,212,000  to  liquidity  for  years  2002,  2001  and  2000,
respectively.  Liquid  assets of cash on hand,  balances  due from other  banks,
federal  funds sold and  interest-bearing  deposits  in  financial  institutions
increased from  $72,059,000 in 2001 to $85,189,000 in 2002 and from  $29,368,000
in 2000 to  $72,059,000 in 2001. The increase in liquidity in 2002 is the result
of diminished  loan demand,  increased  deposit  levels,  and  historically  low
investment yields. Federal funds sold are expected to be invested in longer-term
assets as loan demand increases or investment  yields become more favorable.  To
provide  additional  external  liquidity,  the Banks have  outstanding  lines of
credit  with the FHLB of Des  Moines,  Iowa of  $30,732,000  and  federal  funds
borrowing  capacity at correspondent  banks of $46,000,000.  The Company did not
have any  outstanding  FHLB advances as of December  31,2002 and other  borrowed
funds  for  the  Company  totaled  $18,326,000.  Management  believes  that  the
Company's   liquidity  sources  will  be  sufficient  to  support  its  existing
operations for the foreseeable future.

The Company's  liquidity on an  unconsolidated  basis is heavily  dependent upon
dividends paid to the Company by the Banks.  Various federal and state statutory
provisions limit the amount of dividends  banking  subsidiaries are permitted to
pay to their holding  companies  without  regulatory  approval.  Federal Reserve
policy further limits the  circumstances  under which bank holding companies may
declare  dividends.  For example, a bank holding company should not continue its
existing  rate of cash  dividends  on its common  stock unless its net income is
sufficient  to fully fund each  dividend  and its  prospective  rate of earnings
retention appears  consistent with its capital needs,  asset quality and overall
financial condition.  In addition,  the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued
policy  statements  which provide that insured banks and bank holding  companies
should generally pay dividends only out of current operating  earnings.  Federal
and state  banking  regulators  may also  restrict  the payment of  dividends by
order.

First National,  as a national bank,  generally may pay dividends from undivided
profits without restriction, provided that its surplus fund is at least equal to
its common stock capital fund. Boone Bank, Randall-Story Bank and State Bank are
also restricted  under Iowa law to paying  dividends only out of their undivided
profits.  As United Bank is not expected to be profitable  in 2003,  payments of
dividends  from this  subsidiary  are not  anticipated  for the  upcoming  year.
Additionally,  the  payment  of  dividends  by  the  Banks  is  affected  by the
requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy
guidelines and  regulations,  and the Banks generally are prohibited from paying
any dividends if, following payment thereof, the Bank would be undercapitalized.
The  Company  has  unconsolidated   interest  bearing  deposits  and  marketable
investment  securities  totaling  $29,271,000  that are  presently  available to
provide additional liquidity to the Banks.

The Company's total  stockholders'  equity increased to $101,523,000 at December
31, 2002, from  $93,622,000 at December 31, 2001. At December 31, 2002 and 2001,
stockholders'  equity was 15.0% of total assets.  Total equity  increased due to
retention of earnings and from  appreciation in the Company and Banks' stock and
bond  portfolios.  No material  capital  expenditures or material changes in the
capital  resource mix are  anticipated  at this time.  The capital levels of the
Company  currently exceed  applicable  regulatory  guidelines as of December 31,
2002.
                                       26
<PAGE>

Interest Rate Risk

Interest  rate risk refers to the exposure of earnings and capital  arising from
changes in interest rates.  Management's objectives are to control interest rate
risk and to ensure  predictable  and consistent  growth of earnings and capital.
Interest rate risk  management  focuses on  fluctuations  in net interest income
identified through computer simulations to evaluate volatility, varying interest
rate, spread and volume assumptions. The risk is quantified and compared against
tolerance levels.

The Company uses a third-party  computer software simulation modeling program to
measure its exposure to potential  interest  rate changes.  For various  assumed
hypothetical  changes in market interest rates,  numerous other  assumptions are
made such as prepayment  speeds on loans, the slope of the Treasury yield curve,
the rates and volumes of the Company's deposits and the rates and volumes of the
Company's  loans.  This analysis  measures the estimated  change in net interest
income in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates.

Another  measure of  interest  rate  sensitivity  is the gap  ratio.  This ratio
indicates the amount of interest-earning  assets repricing within a given period
in comparison to the amount of interest-bearing liabilities repricing within the
same period of time. A gap ratio of 1.0 indicates a matched  position,  in which
case the effect on net interest  income due to interest rate  movements  will be
minimal.  A gap ratio of less than 1.0  indicates  that  more  liabilities  than
assets  reprice  within the time period and a ratio  greater than 1.0  indicates
that more assets reprice than liabilities.

The  simulation  model  process  provides a dynamic  assessment of interest rate
sensitivity,  whereas a static interest rate gap table is compiled as of a point
in time. The model simulations  differ from a traditional gap analysis because a
traditional gap analysis does not reflect the multiple  effects of interest rate
movement  on the entire  range of assets,  liabilities  and  ignores  the future
impact of new business strategies.

Inflation

The primary impact of inflation on the Company's  operations is increased  asset
yields, deposit costs and operating overhead. Unlike most industries,  virtually
all of the assets and  liabilities  of a financial  institution  are monetary in
nature. As a result,  interest rates generally have a more significant impact on
a  financial   institution's   performance  than  they  would  on  non-financial
companies. Although interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction
or to the  same  extent  as the  prices  of goods  and  services,  increases  in
inflation  generally have resulted in increased  interest rates.  The effects of
inflation  can magnify  the growth of assets and if  significant,  require  that
equity capital increase at a faster rate than would be otherwise necessary.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company's  market risk is comprised  primarily of interest rate risk arising
from its core banking  activities of lending and deposit  taking.  Interest rate
risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates may adversely  affect the
Company's  net  interest  income.  Management  continually  develops and applies
strategies to mitigate this risk. Management does not believe that the Company's
primary  market risk  exposure and how that exposure was managed in 2002 changed
when compared to 2001.

Based on a simulation  modeling analysis  performed as of December 31, 2002, the
following  table  presents the  estimated  change in net interest  income in the
event of  hypothetical  changes in  interest  rates for the  various  rate shock
levels:

Net Interest Income at Risk

Estimated Change in Net Interest Income for Year Ending December 31, 2003

                                                    $ Change           % Change
               (dollars in thousands)               ---------------------------

+200 Basis Points ........................          $   972                3.9%
+100 Basis Points ........................              575                2.3%
-100 Basis Points ........................             (769)              -3.1%
-200 Basis Points ........................           (2,366)              -9.5%

                                       27
<PAGE>

As shown above,  at December 31, 2002, the estimated  effect of an immediate 200
basis point increase in interest rates would increase the Company's net interest
income by 3.9% or  approximately  $972,000 in 2003.  The estimated  effect of an
immediate  200 basis point  decrease in rates would  decrease the  Company's net
interest income by 9.5% or approximately $2,366,000 in 2003. The Company's Asset
Liability Management Policy establishes  parameters for a 200 basis point change
in interest rates. Under this policy, the Company and the Banks' objective is to
properly  structure  the balance  sheet to prevent a 200 basis  point  change in
interest rates from causing a decline in net interest income by more than 15% in
one year  compared  to the base year that  hypothetically  assumes  no change in
interest rates.

Computations  of the prospective  effects of hypothetical  interest rate changes
are  based  on  numerous  assumptions.  Actual  values  may  differ  from  those
projections set forth above.  Further,  the  computations do not contemplate any
actions  the  Company may  undertake  in response to changes in interest  rates.
Current interest rates on certain liabilities are at a level that does not allow
for significant repricing should market interest rates decline considerably.

Contractual Maturity or Repricing

The  following  table sets forth the estimated  maturity or  re-pricing  and the
resulting interest sensitivity gap, of the Company's interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing  liabilities  and the cumulative  interest  sensitivity  gap at
December 31, 2002. The expected maturities are presented on a contractual basis.
Actual maturities may differ from contractual  maturities  because of prepayment
assumptions, early withdrawal of deposits and competition.
<TABLE>
                                       Less Than      Three       One to        Over
                                         Three       Months to     Five         Five      Cumulative
                                         Months      One Year      Years        Years        Total
           (dollars in thousands)      -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C
Interest - earning assets
Interest-bearing deposits with banks   $   1,000    $      --    $      --    $      --    $   1,000
Federal funds sold .................      32,500       32,500
Investments * ......................       8,195       19,882       86,928      129,570      244,575
Loans ..............................      65,455       27,801      174,092       71,493      338,841
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Total interest - earning
assets .............................   $ 107,150    $  47,683    $ 261,020    $ 201,064    $ 616,917
                                       =============================================================

Interest - bearing liabilities
Interest bearing demand deposits ...   $ 121,325    $      --    $      --    $      --    $ 121,325
Money market and savings deposits ..     153,296           --           --           --      153,296
Time certificates < $100,000 .......      24,751       65,107       68,979           42      158,879
Time certificates > $100,000 .......      15,162       25,939       13,463           --       54,564
Other borrowed funds ...............      18,326           --           --           --       18,326
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Total interest - bearing liabilities   $ 332,860    $  91,046    $  82,442    $      42    $ 506,390

Interest sensitivity gap ...........   ($225,710)   ($ 43,363)   $ 178,578    $ 201,022    $ 110,527
                                       =============================================================

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap    ($225,710)   ($269,073)   ($ 90,495)   $ 110,527    $ 110,527
                                       =============================================================

Cumulative interest sensitivity
gap as a percent of total assets ...      -33.33%     -39.73%      -13.36%       16.32%
                                       ================================================
<FN>
*    Investments with maturities over 5 years include the market value of equity
     securities of $27,714.
</FN>
</TABLE>

As of December  31, 2002,  the  Company's  cumulative  gap ratios for assets and
liabilities  repricing  within three months and within one year were .33 and .40
respectively,  meaning  more  liabilities  than assets are  scheduled to reprice
within these periods. This situation suggests that a decrease in market interest
rates may benefit net interest income and that an increase in interest rates may
negatively impact the Company.  The liability  sensitive gap position is largely
the result of  classifying  the  interest  bearing NOW  accounts,  money  market
accounts and savings accounts as immediately  repriceable.  Certain shortcomings
are inherent in the method of analysis  presented in the  foregoing  table.  For
example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities and
periods to repricing,  they may react  differently to changes in market interest
rates.  Also,  interest rates on assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance
of changes in market  interest  rates,  while interest rates on other assets and
liabilities may follow changes in market interest rates.  Additionally,  certain
assets have features that restrict changes in the interest rates of such assets,
both on a short-term basis and over the lives of such assets.


                                       28
<PAGE>

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                          Independent Auditor's Report

The Board of Directors
Ames National Corporation
Ames, Iowa

We have audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets of Ames National
Corporation  and  subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, and the related
consolidated statements of income,  stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the
years then ended.  These  financial  statements  are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits. The consolidated  financial statements
of Ames National  Corporation and  subsidiaries  for the year ended December 31,
2000 were audited by other auditors whose report,  dated March 2, 2001 expressed
an unqualified opinion on those statements.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards  generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly,  in all  material  respects,  the  financial  position of Ames  National
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 and the results of
their  operations  and their cash  flows for the years then ended in  conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP.
---------------------------

Des Moines, Iowa
January 24, 2003


                                       29
<PAGE>

                          Independent Auditors' Report

The Board of Directors
Ames National Corporation:

We have audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet of Ames National
Corporation  and  subsidiaries  (the  Company) as of December 31, 2000,  and the
related consolidated statements of income,  stockholders' equity, and cash flows
for each of the years in the  two-year  period ended  December  31, 2000.  These
consolidated  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of the  Company's
management.  Our  responsibility is to express an opinion on these  consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial
statements  referred to above  present  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the
financial position of Ames National  Corporation and subsidiaries as of December
31, 2000, and the consolidated  results of their operations and their cash flows
for each of the  years in the  two-year  period  ended  December  31,  2000,  in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

/s/ KPMG, LLP
-----------------

Des Moines, Iowa
March 2, 2001


                                       30
<PAGE>

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December 31, 2002 and 2001
<TABLE>
ASSETS                                                            2002              2001
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>              <C>
Cash and due from banks (Note 2) ...........................   $  51,688,784    $  42,459,156
Federal funds sold (Note 9) ................................      32,500,000       29,350,000
Interest bearing deposits in financial institutions ........       1,000,000          250,000
Securities available-for-sale (Note 3) .....................     244,575,026      213,778,175
Loans receivable, net (Note 4) .............................     332,306,497      323,043,166
Bank premises and equipment, net (Note 5) ..................       8,726,397        7,183,655
Accrued income receivable ..................................       5,849,017        5,977,353
Other assets ...............................................         582,849          238,477
                                                               ------------------------------
        Total assets .......................................   $ 677,228,570    $ 622,279,982
                                                               ==============================

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

LIABILITIES
  Deposits (Note 6)
    Demand .................................................   $  62,557,937    $  62,796,265
    NOW accounts ...........................................     121,325,104      108,509,319
    Savings and money market ...............................     153,296,259      138,342,052
    Time, $100,000 and over ................................      54,564,283       47,716,458
    Other time .............................................     158,878,796      154,145,161
                                                               ------------------------------
        Total deposits .....................................     550,622,379      511,509,255

FHLB advances ..............................................              --        1,000,000
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements
  to repurchase ............................................      18,325,574       10,596,174
Dividend payable ...........................................       1,376,752        1,312,596
Deferred taxes (Note 8) ....................................       2,879,057        1,188,670
Accrued expenses and other liabilities .....................       2,501,952        3,051,289
                                                               ------------------------------
        Total liabilities ..................................     575,705,714      528,657,984
                                                               ------------------------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 9)

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Note 10)
  Common stock, $5 par value, authorized 6,000,000 shares;
    issued 2002 and 2001 3,153,230 shares; outstanding 2002
    3,128,982 shares, 2001 3,125,229 shares ................      15,766,150       15,766,150
  Additional paid-in capital ...............................      25,354,014       25,393,028
  Retained earnings ........................................      53,917,544       49,397,011
  Treasury stock, at cost; 2002 24,248 shares,
    2001 28,001 shares .....................................      (1,333,640)      (1,530,805)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income, net unrealized
    gain on securities available-for-sale ..................       7,818,788        4,596,614
                                                               ------------------------------
        Total stockholders' equity .........................     101,522,856       93,621,998
                                                               ------------------------------

        Total liabilities and stockholders' equity .........   $ 677,228,570    $ 622,279,982
                                                               ==============================
</TABLE>
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       31
<PAGE>

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
<TABLE>
                                                     2002          2001          2000
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>           <C>           <C>
Interest and dividend income:
Loans .........................................   $23,207,184   $27,891,379   $28,306,128
Securities:
    Taxable ...................................     7,931,041     8,714,486    11,277,141
    Tax-exempt ................................     2,938,423     2,876,432     3,036,610
Federal funds sold ............................       810,675       829,083       376,851
Dividends .....................................     1,383,350     1,162,176     1,020,822
                                                  ---------------------------------------
                                                   36,270,673    41,473,556    44,017,552
                                                  ----------------------------------------
Interest expense:
  Deposits ....................................    11,397,125    17,791,314    20,937,730
  Other borrowed funds ........................       265,845     1,091,319     3,322,924
                                                  ---------------------------------------
                                                   11,662,970    18,882,633    24,260,654
                                                  ---------------------------------------

        Net interest income ...................    24,607,703    22,590,923    19,756,898

Provision for loan losses (Note 4) ............       688,431       897,540       460,049
                                                  ---------------------------------------

        Net interest income after provision for
        loan losses ...........................    23,919,272    21,693,383    19,296,849
                                                  ---------------------------------------

Noninterest income:
  Trust department income .....................     1,032,500       948,499       879,686
  Service fees ................................     1,492,344     1,585,036     1,454,528
  Securities gains, net (Note 3) ..............       889,923     1,197,050       715,929
  Loan and secondary market fees ..............       739,907       589,215       245,656
  Other .......................................       980,140       760,244       834,165
                                                  ---------------------------------------
        Total noninterest income ..............     5,134,814     5,080,044     4,129,964
                                                  ---------------------------------------

Noninterest expense:
  Salaries and employee benefits (Note 7) .....     8,074,181     6,834,588     6,347,357
  Data processing .............................     1,934,006     1,772,726     1,557,875
  Occupancy expenses ..........................       927,287       726,049       708,188
  Other operating expenses ....................     2,340,098     2,253,920     2,098,580
                                                  ---------------------------------------
        Total noninterest expense .............    13,275,572    11,587,283    10,712,000
                                                  ---------------------------------------

        Income before income taxes ............    15,778,514    15,186,144    12,714,813

Provision for income taxes (Note 9) ...........     4,438,376     4,638,806     3,595,951
                                                  ---------------------------------------

        Net income ............................   $11,340,138   $10,547,338   $ 9,118,862
                                                  =======================================

Basic earnings per share (Note 1) .............   $      3.63   $      3.38   $      2.92
                                                  =======================================
</TABLE>
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       32
<PAGE>

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
<TABLE>
                                                                                                        Accumulated
                                                            Additional                                     Other           Total
                                Comprehensive    Common       Paid-in      Retained       Treasury     Comprehensive   Stockholders'
                                    Income       Stock        Capital      Earnings         Stock       Income (Loss)     Equity
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>           <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>
Balance, December 31, 1999 ....               $15,766,150   $25,307,051   $39,849,354    $(2,824,155)   $(2,025,691)   $ 76,072,709
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ................  $ 9,118,862           --            --     9,118,862             --             --       9,118,862
    Other comprehensive income,
      unrealized gains on
      securities, net of
      reclassification
      adjustment, net of tax
      (Note 3) ................     4,649,235          --            --            --             --      4,649,235       4,649,235
                                  -----------
        Total comprehensive
        income ................   $13,768,097
                                  ===========
  Cash dividends declared, $1.58
    per share .................                          --            --   (4,931,838)           --             --      (4,931,838)
  Sale of 22,931 shares of
    treasury stock ............                          --       121,943           --     1,146,550             --       1,268,493
                                              --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2000 ....                  15,766,150    25,428,994   44,036,378    (1,677,605)     2,623,544      86,177,461
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ................   $10,547,338            --            --   10,547,338            --             --      10,547,338
    Other comprehensive income,
      unrealized gains on
      securities, net of
      reclassification
      adjustment, net of tax
      (Note 3) ................     1,973,070            --            --           --            --      1,973,070       1,973,070
                                  -----------
        Total comprehensive
        income ................   $12,520,408
                                  ===========
  Cash dividends declared, $1.66
    per share .................                          --            --   (5,186,705)           --             --     (5,186,705)
  Sale of 2,936 shares of
    treasury stock ............                          --       (35,966)          --       146,800             --         110,834
                                              --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2001 ....                  15,766,150    25,393,028   49,397,011    (1,530,805)     4,596,614      93,621,998
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ................   $11,340,138            --            --   11,340,138            --             --      11,340,138
    Other comprehensive income,
      unrealized gains on
      securities, net of
      reclassification
      adjustment, net of tax
      (Note 3) ................     3,222,174            --            --           --            --       3,222,174      3,222,174
                                  -----------
        Total comprehensive
        income ................   $14,562,312
                                  ===========
  Cash dividends declared, $2.18
    per share .................                          --            --    6,819,605)           --             --      (6,819,605)
  Sale of 3,753 shares of
    treasury stock ............                          --       (39,014)          --       197,165             --         158,151

                                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2002 .....                $15,766,150   $25,354,014  $53,917,544   $(1,333,640)   $ 7,818,788    $101,522,856
                                                ====================================================================================
</TABLE>
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       33
<PAGE>

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
<TABLE>
                                                                                       2002           2001            2000
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income ...................................................................   $ 11,340,138    $ 10,547,338    $  9,118,862
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
    Provision for loan losses ..................................................        688,431         897,540         460,049
    Amortization and accretion .................................................         51,495         (58,859)         (9,227)
    Depreciation ...............................................................        996,180         642,835         731,370
    Provision for deferred taxes ...............................................       (200,013)       (129,614)       (137,000)
    Securities gains, net ......................................................       (889,923)     (1,197,050)       (715,929)
    Gain on sale of bank premises and equipment ................................           --              --           (94,135)
    Change in assets and liabilities:
    (Increase) decrease in accrued income receivable ...........................        128,336       1,043,261        (405,350)
    (Increase) decrease in other assets ........................................       (344,372)        820,285        (382,484)
    (Decrease) in accrued interest and other liabilities .......................       (549,337)       (312,376)       (354,516)
                                                                                   --------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by operating activities ..............................     11,220,935      12,253,360       8,211,640
                                                                                   --------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchase of securities available-for-sale ....................................    (86,337,490)    (47,350,981)    (28,065,802)
  Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale ..........................     26,635,715      23,282,181      30,835,280
  Proceeds from maturities and calls of securities available-for-sale ..........     34,855,926      47,385,595      26,795,364
  Proceeds from sale of bank premises and equipment ............................             --              --         146,152
  Net decrease (increase) in interest bearing deposits in financial institutions       (750,000)         98,174         378,222
  Net (increase) in federal funds sold .........................................     (3,150,000)    (29,105,000)       (160,000)
  Net decrease (increase) in loans .............................................     (9,951,762)     20,074,021     (34,822,664)
  Purchase of bank premises and equipment ......................................     (2,538,922)     (2,610,189)       (617,332)
                                                                                   --------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ....................    (41,236,533)     11,773,801      (5,510,780)
                                                                                   --------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Increase in deposits .........................................................     39,113,124      18,080,400       8,809,148
  Increase (decrease) in FHLB advances, federal funds purchased
    and securities sold under agreements to repurchase .........................      6,729,400     (23,411,245)     (5,277,893)
  Dividends paid ...............................................................     (6,755,449)     (5,123,026)     (4,867,972)
  Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock .....................................        158,151         110,834       1,268,493
                                                                                   --------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ....................     39,245,226     (10,343,037)        (68,224)
                                                                                   --------------------------------------------

        Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ..............................      9,229,628      13,684,124       2,632,636

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
  Beginning ....................................................................     42,459,156      28,775,032      26,142,396
                                                                                   --------------------------------------------
  Ending .......................................................................   $ 51,688,784    $ 42,459,156    $ 28,775,032
                                                                                   ============================================

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW
  INFORMATION Cash payments for:
  Interest .....................................................................   $ 12,211,439    $ 19,749,270    $ 24,720,709
  Income taxes .................................................................      4,725,572       4,321,320       3,681,134
</TABLE>

                                       34
<PAGE>

Note 1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description  of  business:  Ames  National  Corporation  and  subsidiaries  (the
Company) operates in the commercial banking industry through its subsidiaries in
Ames,  Boone,  Story  City,  Nevada and  Marshalltown,  Iowa.  Loan and  deposit
customers are located primarily in Story, Boone, Hamilton, Marshall and adjacent
counties in Iowa.

Segment  information:  The Company uses the "management  approach" for reporting
information  about  segments in annual and  interim  financial  statements.  The
management  approach  is based  on the way the  chief  operating  decision-maker
organizes segments within a company for making operating decisions and assessing
performance.   Based  on  the  "management  approach"  model,  the  Company  has
determined that its business is comprised of one operating segment: banking. The
banking segment generates revenues through personal, business,  agricultural and
commercial lending, management of the investment securities portfolio, providing
deposit account services and providing trust services.

Consolidation:  The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of
Ames   National   Corporation   (the  Parent   Company)  and  its   wholly-owned
subsidiaries,  First National Bank,  Ames, Iowa; State Bank & Trust Co., Nevada,
Iowa; Boone Bank & Trust Co., Boone, Iowa; Randall-Story State Bank, Story City,
Iowa; and United Bank & Trust NA, Marshalltown, Iowa (collectively,  the Banks).
All significant  intercompany  transactions and balances have been eliminated in
consolidation.

Use of estimates:  The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the  United  States  of  America
requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported
amounts  of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting  period.  Actual results could differ
from those estimates.  Material  estimates that are particularly  susceptible to
significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance
for loan losses and fair value of financial instruments.

Cash and cash  equivalents:  For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash
equivalents  include  cash on hand and amounts due from  banks.  Cashflows  from
loans and deposits are reported net.

Securities  available-for-sale:  Securities available-for-sale consist of equity
securities and debt securities not classified as trading or held-to-maturity and
are carried at fair value.  Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of deferred
income  taxes,  are  reported  in a  separate  component  of  accumulated  other
comprehensive  income until  realized.  Realized gains and losses on the sale of
such securities are determined using the specific  identification method and are
reflected in the consolidated  statements of income.  Premiums and discounts are
recognized  in  interest  income  using the  interest  method over the period to
maturity or call date of the related security.

Unrealized losses judged to be other than temporary are charged to operations.

Loans:  Loans are stated at the principal  amount  outstanding,  net of deferred
loan fees and the  allowance  for loan losses.  Interest on loans is credited to
income as earned based on the principal amount outstanding. The Banks' policy is
to discontinue  the accrual of interest  income on any loan 90 days or more past
due unless the loans are well  collateralized  and in the process of collection.
Nonaccrual  loans are  returned  to an accrual  status  when,  in the opinion of
management,  the financial position of the borrower indicates there is no longer
any reasonable doubt as to timely payment of principal or interest.

Allowance  for loan losses:  The  allowance  for loan losses is  maintained at a
level deemed  appropriate  by management to provide for known and inherent risks
in the loan portfolio.  The allowance is based upon a continuing  review of past
loan loss experience, current economic conditions, and the underlying collateral
value securing the loans. Loans which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged
off and deducted from the  allowance.  Recoveries on loans  charged-off  and the
provision for loan losses are added to the allowance.

A loan is considered  impaired when, based on current information and events, it
is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of
principal or interest  when due according to the  contractual  terms of the loan
agreement.  Factors  considered by management in determining  impairment include
payment status,  collateral  value, and the probability of collecting  scheduled
principal and interest  payments  when due.  Impairment is measured on a loan by
loan basis for commercial and construction  loans by either the present value of
expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, the
loan's  obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent.

                                       35
<PAGE>

Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for
impairment.  Accordingly,  the Company does not separately  identify  individual
consumer and residential loans for impairment disclosures.

Bank premises and equipment: Bank premises and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated  depreciation.  Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line
and  accelerated  methods  over the  estimated  useful  lives of the  respective
assets.  Depreciable  lives range from 3 to 7 years for  equipment  and 15 to 39
years for premises.

Trust  department  assets:  Property  held for  customers in fiduciary or agency
capacities is not included in the accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets, as
such items are not assets of the Banks.

Income taxes:  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax  consequences  attributable to differences  between the financial  statement
carrying  amounts of existing assets and  liabilities  and their  respective tax
bases and are  measured  using  enacted  tax rates  expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which  those  temporary  differences  are  expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets
and  liabilities  is  recognized  in  income in the  period  that  includes  the
enactment date.

The Company files a  consolidated  federal  income tax return,  with each entity
computing its taxes on a separate  company  basis.  For state tax purposes,  the
Banks file  franchise  tax returns,  while the Parent  Company files a corporate
income tax return.

Comprehensive  income:  Accounting  principles generally require that recognized
revenue,  expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain
changes  in assets  and  liabilities,  such as  unrealized  gains and  losses on
available-for-sale  securities,  are  reported  as a separate  component  of the
equity  section of the balance  sheet,  such items,  along with net income,  are
components  of  comprehensive  income.  Gains and  losses on  available-for-sale
securities  are  reclassified  to net income as the gains or losses are realized
upon  sale  of  the  securities.  Other-than-temporary  impairment  charges  are
reclassified to net income at the time of the charge.

Fair value of financial instruments:  The following methods and assumptions were
used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures:

Cash and due from banks,  federal  funds sold and  interest-bearing  deposits in
financial  institutions:  The recorded amount of these assets  approximates fair
value.

Securities available-for-sale:  Fair values of securities available-for-sale are
based on bid prices published in financial  newspapers,  bid quotations received
from  securities  dealers,  or  quoted  market  prices of  similar  instruments,
adjusted for  differences  between the quoted  instruments  and the  instruments
being valued.

Loans: The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting scheduled cash flows
through the estimated  maturity using estimated  market  discount  rates,  which
reflect the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan.  The estimate of
maturity is based on the historical  experience,  with  repayments for each loan
classification  modified,  as required,  by an estimate of the effect of current
economic and lending conditions. The effect of nonperforming loans is considered
in assessing the credit risk inherent in the fair value estimate.

Deposit  liabilities:  Fair values of deposits with no stated maturity,  such as
noninterest-bearing  demand deposits, savings and NOW accounts, and money market
accounts, are equal to the amount payable on demand as of the respective balance
sheet date.  Fair values of  certificates of deposit are based on the discounted
value of contractual  cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates
currently offered for deposits of similar remaining  maturities.  The fair value
estimates do not include the benefit  that  results  from the  low-cost  funding
provided by the deposit  liabilities  compared to the cost of borrowing funds in
the market.

FHLB  advances:  The recorded  amount of FHLB advances  approximates  fair value
because of the short-term nature of the instrument.

Other borrowings: The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased and securities
sold under  agreements  to  repurchase  approximate  fair  value  because of the
short-term nature of the instruments.

                                       36
<PAGE>

Accrued income receivable and accrued interest payable:  The carrying amounts of
accrued income receivable and interest payable approximate fair value.

Limitations: Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on
relevant  market  information and  information  about the financial  instrument.
Because no market  exists for a significant  portion of the Company's  financial
instruments,  fair  value  estimates  are based on  judgments  regarding  future
expected loss experience,  current economic conditions,  risk characteristics of
various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are subjective
in nature and involve  uncertainties  and matters of  significant  judgment and,
therefore,  cannot be determined  with precision.  Changes in assumptions  could
significantly affect the estimates.

Earnings per share:  Basic earnings per share  computations  for the years ended
December 31, 2002,  2001 and 2000, were determined by dividing net income by the
weighted-average  number of common  shares  outstanding  during  the years  then
ended. The Company had no potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the
periods presented.

<PAGE>

The following  information  was used in the  computation  of basic  earnings per
share for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, and 2000.
<TABLE>
                                       2002            2001             2000
                                 -----------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>              <C>              <C>
Basic EPS computation:
Net income ...................   $   11,340,138   $   10,547,338   $   9,118,862
Weighted average common
shares outstanding ...........        3,127,285        3,123,885       3,120,375
                                 -----------------------------------------------
Basic EPS ....................   $         3.63   $        3.38$   $        2.92
                                 ===============================================
</TABLE>

Current accounting  developments:  The Financial  Accounting Standards Board has
issued   Interpretation   No.  45,   Guarantor's   Accounting  and   Disclosures
Requirements for Guarantees,  Including  Indirect  Guarantees of Indebtedness of
Others - an  interpretation  of FASB Statements No. 5, 57 and 107 and rescission
of FASB Interpretation No. 34. This Interpretation elaborates on the disclosures
to be made by a guarantor in its interim and annual  financial  statements about
its obligations  under certain  guarantees that it has issued. It also clarifies
that a guarantor is required to recognize,  at the  inception of a guarantee,  a
liability  for the fair  value  of the  obligation  undertaken  in  issuing  the
guarantee.  Implementation  of these  provisions  of the  Interpretation  is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

Note 2.  Restrictions on Cash and Due from Banks

The Federal Reserve Bank requires member banks to maintain  certain cash and due
from  bank  reserves.   The  subsidiary  banks'  reserve   requirements  totaled
approximately   $7,418,000  and  $6,699,000  at  December  31,  2002  and  2001,
respectively.

                                       37
<PAGE>

Note 3.  Securities

The amortized cost of securities  available-for-sale  and their approximate fair
values at December 31, 2002 and 2001, are summarized below:
<TABLE>
                                                                         Gross           Gross
                                     Amortized       Unrealized       Unrealized       Estimated
                                        Cost            Gains           Losses         Fair Value
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>
2002:
--------------------------------

U.S. treasury ..................   $   4,058,028   $     150,313    $          --    $   4,208,341
U.S. government agencies .......      82,797,531       2,982,650               --       85,780,181
State and political subdivisions      67,711,678       2,899,680          (95,702)      70,515,656
Corporate bonds ................      53,041,832       3,439,554         (124,469)      56,356,917
Equity securities ..............      24,555,182       4,429,505       (1,270,756)      27,713,931
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                   $ 232,164,251   $  13,901,702    $  (1,490,927)   $ 244,575,026
                                   ===============================================================
2001:
--------------------------------

U.S. treasury ..................   $  12,237,419   $     310,957    $        --      $  12,548,376
U.S. government agencies .......      59,085,647       1,789,720          (17,706)      60,857,661
State and political subdivisions      62,114,862       1,149,176         (154,659)      63,109,379
Corporate bonds ................      50,241,082       1,167,157         (302,700)      51,105,539
Equity securities ..............      22,800,966       3,532,047         (175,793)      26,157,220
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                   $ 206,479,976   $   7,949,057    $    (650,858)   $ 213,778,175
                                   ===============================================================
</TABLE>

The   amortized   cost   and   estimated   fair   value   of   debt   securities
available-for-sale  as of December  31,  2002,  are shown  below by  contractual
maturity.  Expected  maturities will differ from contractual  maturities because
issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties.
                                                     Amortized       Estimated
                                                        Cost         Fair Value
                                                   -----------------------------

Due in one year or less ......................     $ 27,596,953     $ 28,076,510
Due after one year through five years ........       82,969,847       86,928,283
Due after five years through ten years .......       78,456,771       82,723,367
Due after ten years ..........................       18,585,498       19,132,935
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                    207,609,069      216,861,095
Equity securities ............................       24,555,182       27,713,931
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   $232,164,251     $244,575,026
                                                   =============================

At December 31, 2002 and 2001, securities with a carrying value of approximately
$39,076,000 and $31,360,000,  respectively, were pledged as collateral on public
deposits,  securities sold under agreement to repurchase, and for other purposes
as required or permitted by law.

Gross realized gains and gross  realized  losses on sales of  available-for-sale
securities were $1,087,290 and $197,367,  respectively,  in 2002, $1,200,323 and
$3,273, respectively, in 2001, and $790,793 and $74,864 respectively, in 2000.

The  components  of  other  comprehensive  income  -  net  unrealized  gains  on
securities  available-for-sale  for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, and
2000, were as follows:
<TABLE>
                                                2002           2001           2000
                                            -----------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>            <C>            <C>
Unrealized holding gains arising
  during the period .....................   $ 6,002,497    $ 4,329,954    $ 8,095,667
Reclassification adjustment for net gains
  realized in net income ................      (889,923)    (1,197,050)      (715,929)
                                             ----------------------------------------
        Net unrealized gains
        before tax effect ...............     5,112,574      3,132,904      7,379,738
Tax effect ..............................    (1,890,400)    (1,159,834)    (2,730,503)
                                            -----------------------------------------
        Other comprehensive income
        net unrealized gains
        on securities ....................  $ 3,222,174    $ 1,973,070    $ 4,649,235
                                            =========================================
</TABLE>

                                       38
<PAGE>

Note 4.  Loans Receivable

The  composition  of loans  receivable  at  December  31,  2002 and 2001,  is as
follows:

                                                  2002                 2001
                                             ----------------------------------

Commercial and agricultural ..........       $  66,119,092        $  72,997,606
Real estate ..........................         252,800,600          235,295,873
Consumer .............................          11,061,689           12,363,604
Other ................................           8,859,704            8,556,838
                                             ----------------------------------
                                               338,841,085          329,213,921
Less:
Allowance for loan losses ............          (5,757,694)          (5,445,671)
Deferred loan fees ...................            (776,894)            (725,084)
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             $ 332,306,497        $ 323,043,166
                                             ==================================

Changes in the allowance  for loan losses for the year ended  December 31, 2002,
2001 and 2000 are as follows:

                                          2002           2001           2000
                                      -----------------------------------------

Balance, beginning ................   $ 5,445,671    $ 5,373,167    $ 4,986,474
Provision for loan losses .........       688,431        897,540        460,049
Recoveries of loans charged-off ...        53,805         27,131         77,669
Loans charged-off .................      (430,213)      (852,167)      (151,025)
                                      -----------------------------------------
Balance, ending ...................   $ 5,757,694    $ 5,445,671    $ 5,373,167
                                      =========================================

Loans are made in the normal  course of  business  to  directors  and  executive
officers  of the  Company  and to their  affiliates.  The terms of these  loans,
including  interest rates and  collateral,  are similar to those  prevailing for
comparable  transactions  with others and do not involve more than a normal risk
of collectibility.

Loan  transactions  with  related  parties  were as follows  for the years ended
December 31, 2002 and 2001:

                                                    2002                2001
                                               --------------------------------

Balance, beginning of year .............       $  4,755,229        $  5,235,102
  New loans ............................         11,533,030           8,535,527
  Repayments ...........................         (8,365,219)         (9,015,400)
  Change in status .....................           (131,372)                 --
                                               --------------------------------
Balance, end of year ...................       $  7,791,668        $  4,755,229
                                               ================================

At December 31, 2002 and 2001, the Company had impaired  loans of  approximately
$2,409,000 and $2,692,000,  respectively.  The allowance for loan losses related
to these impaired loans was approximately  $212,000 and $207,000 at December 31,
2002 and 2001,  respectively.  The average  balances  of impaired  loans for the
years  ended  December  31,  2002 and  2001,  were  $2,532,000  and  $2,837,000,
respectively.  For the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001,  interest  income
which  would  have been  recorded  under the  original  terms of such  loans was
approximately  $160,000 and $243,000,  respectively,  with $17,000 and $114,000,
respectively,  recorded.  Loans greater than 90 days past due and still accruing
interest were approximately $394,000 and $797,000 at December 31, 2002 and 2001,
respectively.

The amount the Company  will  ultimately  realize  from these loans could differ
materially  from their carrying value because of future  developments  affecting
the underlying  collateral or the borrowers'  ability to repay the loans.  As of
December 31, 2002,  there were no material  commitments to lend additional funds
to customers whose loans were classified as impaired.

                                       39
<PAGE>

Note 5.  Bank Premises and Equipment

The major  classes of bank  premises  and  equipment  and the total  accumulated
depreciation as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, are as follows:

                                                       2002              2001
                                                   -----------------------------

Land .......................................       $ 1,284,771       $ 1,042,869
Buildings and improvements .................         9,178,368         5,648,698
Furniture and equipment ....................         5,945,231         5,509,082
Construction in process ....................              --           2,240,129
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                    16,408,370        14,440,778
Less accumulated depreciation ..............         7,681,973         7,257,123
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   $ 8,726,397       $ 7,183,655
                                                   =============================

Note 6.  Deposits

At December 31, 2002, the maturities of time deposits are as follows:

Years ended December 31,
2003                                                               $ 130,958,148
2004                                                                  41,879,256
2005                                                                  21,465,236
2006                                                                   3,671,195
2007                                                                  15,426,428
Thereafter                                                                42,816
                                                                   -------------
                                                                   $ 213,443,079
                                                                   =============

Interest expense on deposits is summarized as follows:

                                         2002            2001            2000
                                     -------------------------------------------

NOW accounts ...................     $ 1,155,459     $ 2,060,963     $ 3,112,960
Savings and money market .......       2,237,034       3,665,428       5,030,644
Time, $100,000 and over ........       1,897,855       3,329,175       3,823,665
Other time .....................       6,106,777       8,735,748       8,970,461
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     $11,397,125     $17,791,314     $20,937,730
                                     ===========================================


Note 7.  Employee Benefit Plans

The Company has a stock purchase plan with the objective of  encouraging  equity
interests  by  officers,  employees,  and  directors  of  the  Company  and  its
subsidiaries to provide additional  incentive to improve banking performance and
retain  qualified  individuals.  The 2002 and 2001 purchase price was $42.14 and
$37.75 per share,  respectively  and  approximated  the fair market value of the
stock based upon current market trading activity.  The terms of the plan provide
for the issuance of up to 14,000  shares of common stock per year for a ten-year
period commencing in 1999 and continuing through 2008.

Prior to 2002,  the  Company had a qualified  401(k)  profit-sharing  plan and a
qualified money purchase pension plan. The qualified money purchase pension plan
was merged into the 401(k)  profit-sharing  plan beginning  January 1, 2002 with
the merged plans  covering  substantially  all  employees.  The Company  matches
employee  contributions up to a maximum of 2% of qualified compensation and also
contributes an amount equal to 5% of the participating  employee's compensation.
In addition,  contributions can be made on a discretionary  basis by the Company
on behalf of the  employees.  For the years ended  December 31,  2002,  2001 and
2000, Company contributions to the plans were approximately $607,000,  $473,000,
and $376,000, respectively.

                                       40
<PAGE>

Note 8.  Income Taxes

The components of income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2002,  2001
and 2000 are as follows:

                               Current             Deferred             Total
                             ---------------------------------------------------
2002:
---------------------

Federal .............        $ 3,819,350         $  (184,965)        $ 3,634,385
State ...............            819,039             (15,048)            803,991
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                             $ 4,638,389         $  (200,013)        $ 4,438,376
                             ===================================================

2001:
---------------------

Federal .............        $ 4,028,481         $  (110,851)        $ 3,917,630
State ...............            739,939             (18,763)            721,176
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                             $ 4,768,420         $  (129,614)        $ 4,638,806
                             ===================================================

2000:
---------------------

Federal .............        $ 3,121,724         $  (118,000)        $ 3,003,724
State ...............            611,227             (19,000)            592,227
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                             $ 3,732,951         $  (137,000)        $ 3,595,951
                             ===================================================

Total income tax expense differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S.
federal  income tax rate of 34% to income before income taxes and is a result of
the following for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000:

                                          2002           2001           2000
                                      -----------------------------------------

Computed "expected" tax expense ...   $ 5,364,695    $ 5,163,289    $ 4,323,036
Tax exempt interest and dividends .    (1,356,187)    (1,222,985)    (1,180,343)
State taxes and other .............   -----------------------------------------
                                      $ 4,438,376    $ 4,638,806    $ 3,595,951
                                      =========================================

The tax effects of temporary  differences that give rise to significant portions
of the  deferred tax assets and  deferred  liabilities  at December 31, 2002 and
2001, are as follows:

                                                       2002             2001
                                                   ----------------------------

Deferred tax assets:
Allowance for loan losses ....................     $ 1,636,575      $ 1,523,580
Other ........................................         161,867           45,619
                                                   ----------------------------
Total gross deferred tax assets ..............       1,798,442        1,569,199
                                                   ----------------------------

Deferred tax liabilities:
Unrealized gain on securities ................      (4,591,984)       2,701,584
Other ........................................         (85,515)          56,285
                                                   ----------------------------
Total gross deferred tax liabilities .........      (4,677,499)       2,757,869
                                                   ----------------------------

Net deferred tax liabilities .................     $(2,879,057)     $(1,188,670)
                                                   ============================

At December 31, 2002 and 2001,  income taxes currently  payable of approximately
$338,000 and $469,000,  respectively, are included in accrued interest and other
liabilities.

                                       41
<PAGE>

Note 9.  Commitments, Contingencies and Concentrations of Credit Risk

The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the
normal course of business.  These financial  instruments  include commitments to
extend  credit and standby  letters of credit.  These  instruments  involve,  to
varying degrees,  elements of credit risk in excess of the amount  recognized in
the balance sheet.

The  Company's  exposure  to credit loss in the event of  nonperformance  by the
other party to the financial  instrument  for  commitments  to extend credit and
standby  letters of credit is  represented  by the  contractual  amount of those
instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and
conditional obligations as they do for on-balance-sheet  instruments.  A summary
of the Company's commitments at December 31, 2002 and 2001, is as follows:

                                                      2002               2001
                                                  ------------------------------

Commitments to extend credit .............        $59,410,000        $51,636,000
Standby letters of credit ................          1,490,000          1,231,000
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  $60,900,000        $52,867,000
                                                  ==============================

Commitments  to extend  credit are  agreements  to lend to a customer as long as
there is no violation of any condition  established in the contract.  Since many
of the  commitments  are expected to expire  without being drawn upon, the total
commitment amounts do not necessarily  represent future cash  requirements.  The
Bank evaluates each customer's  creditworthiness  on a case-by-case  basis.  The
amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of
credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the party.

Standby  letters of credit are  conditional  commitments  issued by the Banks to
guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party.  Those  guarantees are
primarily  issued to support  public and  private  borrowing  arrangements.  The
credit risk  involved in issuing  letters of credit is  essentially  the same as
that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.  Collateral held varies
and is required in instances  which the Banks deem  necessary.  In the event the
customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the
third  party,  the Banks would be required to fund the  commitment.  The maximum
potential  amount of future  payments  the Banks  could be  required  to make is
represented  by the  contractual  amount  shown  in the  summary  above.  If the
commitment  were funded,  the Banks would be entitled to seek  recovery from the
customer.  At  December  31,  2002 and 2001 no  amounts  have been  recorded  as
liabilities for the Banks' potential obligations under these guarantees.

In the normal  course of  business,  the Company is  involved  in various  legal
proceedings.  In the opinion of  management,  any liability  resulting from such
proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's  financial
statements.

Concentrations  of credit risk: The Banks originate real estate,  consumer,  and
commercial loans,  primarily in Story,  Boone,  Hamilton and Marshall  Counties,
Iowa,  and  adjacent   counties.   Although  the  Banks  have  diversified  loan
portfolios,  a substantial portion of their borrowers' ability to repay loans is
dependent upon economic conditions in the Banks' market areas.

At December 31, 2002, the Company has a  concentration  of federal funds sold in
the amount of $18,500,000 with one institution.

Note 10. Regulatory Matters

The  Company  and  its  subsidiary  banks  (Entities)  are  subject  to  various
regulatory  capital  requirements  administered by the federal banking agencies.
Failure to meet minimum capital  requirements can initiate  certain  mandatory -
and  possible  additional   discretionary  -  actions  by  regulators  that,  if
undertaken,  could  have a direct  material  effect on the  Entities'  financial
statements.  Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory  framework for
prompt  corrective  action,  the Entities must meet specific capital  guidelines
that involve  quantitative  measures of the Entities'  assets,  liabilities  and
certain  off-balance-sheet  items  as  calculated  under  regulatory  accounting
practices.  The Entities' capital amounts and classification are also subject to
regulatory   accounting   practices.   The   Entities'   capital   amounts   and
classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about
components, risk weightings, and other factors.

                                       42
<PAGE>

Quantitative  measures  established  by  regulation to ensure  capital  adequacy
require the Company and each  subsidiary  bank to maintain  minimum  amounts and
ratios (set forth in the table below) of total and Tier I capital (as defined in
the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier I capital (as
defined) to average assets (as defined). Management believes, as of December 31,
2002  and  2001,  that the  Company  and each  subsidiary  bank met all  capital
adequacy requirements to which they are subject.

As of December 31, 2002, the most recent  notification  from the federal banking
regulators  categorized  the  subsidiary  banks as well  capitalized  under  the
regulatory  framework  for  prompt  corrective  action.  To  be  categorized  as
adequately capitalized the banks must maintain minimum total risk-based,  Tier I
risk-based,  and Tier I leverage  ratios as set forth in the  table.  Management
believes  there are no  conditions or events since that  notification  that have
changed the  institution's  category.  The Company's and each of the  subsidiary
bank's  actual  capital  amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 are
also presented in the table.
<TABLE>
                                                                                       To Be Well
                                                                                    Capitalized Under
                                                                    For Capital     Prompt Corrective
                                                      Actual     Adequacy Purposes  Action Provisions
                                                 ----------------------------------------------------
                                                  Amount  Ratio   Amount    Ratio   Amount     Ratio
                                                 ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>      <C>     <C>       <C>     <C>        <C>
As of December 31, 2002:
Total capital (to risk- weighted assets):
Consolidated .................................   $99,398   21.8%  $36,439    8.0%        --       --
Boone Bank & Trust ...........................    11,516   15.3     6,006    8.0    $ 7,508     10.0%
First National Bank ..........................    38,650   16.4    18,878    8.0     23,598     10.0
Randall-Story State Bank .....................     7,684   15.9     3,855    8.0      4,819     10.0
State Bank & Trust ...........................    11,087   17.1     5,181    8.0      6,476     10.0
United Bank & Trust ..........................     4,642   31.0     1,198    8.0      1,497     10.0

Tier 1 capital ( to risk- weighted assets):
Consolidated .................................   $93,704   20.6%  $18,220    4.0%        --       --
Boone Bank & Trust ...........................    10,577   14.1     3,003    4.0    $ 4,504      6.0%
First National Bank ..........................    35,700   15.1     9,439    4.0     14,159      6.0
Randall-Story State Bank .....................     7,081   14.7     1,927    4.0      2,891      6.0
State Bank & Trust ...........................    10,276   15.9     2,590    4.0      3,886      6.0
United Bank & Trust ..........................     4,476   29.9       599    4.0        898      6.0

Tier 1 capital ( to average- weighted assets):
Consolidated .................................   $93,704   14.1%  $26,669    4.0%        --       --
Boone Bank & Trust ...........................    10,577   10.6     3,995    4.0    $ 4,993      5.0%
First National Bank ..........................    35,700    9.8    14,565    4.0     18,206      5.0
Randall-Story State Bank .....................     7,081   11.0     2,585    4.0      3,231      5.0
State Bank & Trust ...........................    10,276   10.0     4,126    4.0      5,157      5.0
United Bank & Trust ..........................     4,476   18.1       990    4.0      1,238      5.0
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                                                         To Be Well
                                                                                      Capitalized Under
                                                                      For Capital     Prompt Corrective
                                                      Actual       Adequacy Purposes  Action Provisions
                                                -------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Amount   Ratio   Amount     Ratio   Amount     Ratio
                                                -------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>        <C>     <C>        <C>     <C>        <C>
As of December 31, 2001:
Total capital (to risk- weighted assets):
Consolidated .................................   $93,622   22.0%   $34,074     8.0%        --       --
Boone Bank & Trust ...........................    10,678   14.9      5,722     8.0    $ 7,153     10.0%
First National Bank ..........................    35,711   16.1     17,770     8.0     22,213     10.0
Randall-Story State Bank .....................     7,248   15.7      3,683     8.0      4,604     10.0
State Bank & Trust ...........................    10,423   15.5      5,366     8.0      6,707     10.0

Tier 1 capital ( to risk- weighted assets):
Consolidated .................................   $89,025   20.9%   $17,037     4.0%        --       --
Boone Bank & Trust ...........................     9,790   13.7      2,861     4.0    $ 4,292      6.0%
First National Bank ..........................    32,934   14.8      8,885     4.0     13,328      6.0
Randall-Story State Bank .....................     6,672   14.5      1,842     4.0      2,763      6.0
State Bank & Trust ...........................     9,584   14.3      2,683     4.0      4,024      6.0

Tier 1 capital ( to average- weighted assets):
Consolidated .................................   $89,025   13.9%   $25,702     4.0%        --       --
Boone Bank & Trust ...........................     9,790    9.9      3,971     4.0    $ 4,964      5.0%
First National Bank ..........................    32,934    9.2     14,772     4.0     17,841      5.0
Randall-Story State Bank .....................     6,672   10.6      2,507     4.0      3,134      5.0
State Bank & Trust ...........................     9,584    9.6      3,985     4.0      4,981      5.0
</TABLE>

                                       43
<PAGE>

Note 11. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The estimated fair values of the Company's  financial  instruments (as described
in Note 1) were as follows:
<TABLE>
                                                                     2002                                    2001
                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                            Carrying        Fair          Carrying         Fair
                                                             Amount         Value          Amount          Value
                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Financial assets:
Cash and due from banks ...............................   $ 51,688,784   $ 51,688,784   $ 42,459,156   $ 42,459,156
Federal funds sold ....................................     32,500,000     32,500,000     29,350,000     29,350,000
Interest-bearing deposits .............................      1,000,000      1,000,000        250,000        250,000
Securities available-for-sale .........................    244,575,026    244,575,026    213,778,175    213,778,175
Loans, net ............................................    332,306,497    341,265,000    323,043,166    329,024,000
Accrued income receivable .............................      5,849,017      5,849,017      5,977,353      5,977,353
Financial liabilities:
Deposits ..............................................    550,622,379    555,271,000    511,509,225    515,208,098
FHLB advances .........................................             --             --      1,000,000      1,000,000
Other borrowings ......................................     18,325,574     18,325,574     10,596,174     10,596,174
Accrued interest ......................................      1,527,752      1,527,752      2,076,221      2,076,221

                                                             Notional     Unrealized      Notional      Unrealized
                                                              Amount      Gain (Loss)      Amount       Gain (Loss)
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------------

Off-balance sheet items:
Commitments to extend credit ..........................   $ 59,410,000   $         --   $ 51,636,000   $         --
Standby letters of credit .............................      1,490,000             --      1,231,000             --
</TABLE>

Note 12. Parent Company Only Financial Statements

Information relative to the Parent Company's balance sheets at December 31, 2002
and 2001,  and  statements of income and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2002, is as follows:

                       STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                           December 31, 2002 and 2001

                                                     2002              2001
                                                 ------------------------------

ASSETS

Cash and due from banks ......................   $       6,602    $       6,738
Interest-bearing deposits in banks ...........       1,396,656        2,166,465
Securities available-for-sale ................      27,874,394       30,464,217
Investment in bank subsidiaries ..............      73,646,869       61,284,957
Loans receivable, net ........................         706,968          258,227
Bank premises and equipment, net .............         517,707          503,101
Accrued income receivable ....................         213,133        1,659,410
Other assets .................................         155,785           25,504
                                                 ------------------------------

Total assets .................................   $ 104,518,114    $  96,368,619
                                                 ==============================

LIABILITIES

Dividends payable ............................   $   1,376,752    $   1,312,596
Deferred taxes ...............................       1,266,922        1,328,606
Accrued expenses and other liabilities .......         351,584          105,419
                                                 ------------------------------
Total liabilities ............................       2,995,258        2,746,621
                                                 ------------------------------

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Common stock .................................      15,766,150       15,766,150
Additional paid-in capital ...................      25,354,014       25,393,028
Retained earnings ............................      53,917,544       49,397,011
Treasury stock, at cost ......................      (1,333,640)      (1,530,805)
Accumulated other comprehensive income .......       7,818,788        4,596,614
                                                 ------------------------------
Total equity .................................     101,522,856       93,621,998
                                                 ------------------------------

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity ...   $ 104,518,114    $  96,368,619
                                                 ==============================


                                       44
<PAGE>

                              STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                  Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
<TABLE>
                                                2002          2001          2000
                                            ---------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>           <C>
Operating income:
Equity in net income of bank subsidiaries   $10,108,107   $ 9,122,748   $ 7,855,578
Interest ................................       745,488       953,071       808,091
Dividends ...............................       979,071       795,411       794,389
Rents ...................................       150,894       245,882       225,866
Securities gains, net ...................       881,938     1,092,808       741,456
                                            ---------------------------------------
                                             12,865,498    12,209,920    10,425,380
                                            ---------------------------------------

Operating expenses:
Occupancy expense .......................       165,447       178,802       178,191
Other ...................................     1,154,913       923,780       713,327
                                            ---------------------------------------
                                              1,320,360     1,102,582       891,518
                                            ---------------------------------------

Income before income taxes ..............    11,545,138    11,107,338     9,533,862

Income tax expense ......................       205,000       560,000       415,000
                                            ---------------------------------------

Net income ..............................   $11,340,138   $10,547,338   $ 9,118,862
                                            =======================================
</TABLE>

                                       45
<PAGE>


                       STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
             Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
<TABLE>
                                                          2002            2001            2000
                                                      --------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income ........................................   $ 11,340,138    $ 10,547,338    $  9,118,862
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
provided by operating activities:
Depreciation ......................................         80,620          66,781          65,247
Amortization and accretion, net ...................        (16,060)        (13,493)        (13,497)
Provision for deferred taxes ......................        (56,023)             --              --
Securities gains, net .............................       (881,938)     (1,092,808)       (741,456)
Undistributed net income of bank subsidiaries .....     (4,130,107)     (1,994,748)       (727,578)
(Increase) decrease in accrued income receivable ..      1,446,277         (18,340)        (39,369)
(Increase) decrease in other assets ...............       (130,281)        308,207        (325,579)
Increase (decrease) in accrued expense payable
and other liabilities .............................        246,165         103,631        (845,213)
                                                      --------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operating activities .........      7,898,791       7,906,568       6,491,417
                                                      --------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of securities available-for-sale .........     (7,334,938)    (10,244,488)     (6,882,724)
Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale      8,611,304       4,025,880       4,949,983
Proceeds from maturities and calls of securities
available-for-sale ................................      2,196,163       2,024,595         600,000
(Increase) decrease in interest bearing deposits
in banks ..........................................        769,809      (1,017,101)       (272,968)
(Increase) decrease in loans ......................       (448,741)      2,400,844      (1,252,298)
Purchase of bank premises and equipment ...........        (95,226)        (79,194)        (36,064)
Investment in bank subsidiary .....................     (5,000,000)             --              --
                                                      --------------------------------------------
Net cash (used in) investing activities ...........     (1,301,629)     (2,889,464)     (2,894,071)
                                                      --------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Dividends paid ....................................     (6,755,449)     (5,123,026)     (4,867,972)
Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock ..........        158,151         110,834       1,268,493
                                                      --------------------------------------------
Net cash (used in) financing activities ...........     (6,597,298)     (5,012,192)     (3,599,479)
                                                      --------------------------------------------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and

cash equivalents ..................................           (136)          4,912          (2,133)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Beginning .........................................          6,738           1,826           3,959
                                                      --------------------------------------------
Ending ............................................   $      6,602    $      6,738    $      1,826
                                                      ============================================
</TABLE>

                                       46
<PAGE>

Note 13.  Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
<TABLE>
                                                                             2002
                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
                                                       March 31       June 30    September 30   December 31
                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>

Total interest income .............................   $ 9,095,844   $ 9,170,613   $ 9,051,618   $ 8,952,598
Total interest expense ............................     3,062,094     3,031,178     2,809,797     2,759,901
Net interest income ...............................     6,033,750     6,139,435     6,241,821     6,192,697
Provision for loan losses .........................       104,219       111,265        80,640       392,307
Net income ........................................     2,940,930     2,740,935     2,952,283     2,705,990
Earnings per common share .........................          0.94          0.88          0.94          0.87

                                                                               2001
                                                      -----------------------------------------------------

Total interest income .............................   $10,689,478   $10,594,284   $10,206,893   $ 9,982,901
Total interest expense ............................     5,526,539     5,139,785     4,496,532     3,719,777
Net interest income ...............................     5,162,939     5,454,499     5,710,361     6,263,124
Provision for loan losses .........................        77,678       196,230       283,229       340,403
Net income ........................................     2,580,058     2,717,398     2,682,320     2,567,562
Earnings per common share .........................          0.83          0.87          0.86          0.82
</TABLE>

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

There have been no changes in or  disagreements  with the Company's  independent
accountants during the two most recently ended fiscal years of the Company.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Directors

Refer to the information under the caption "Information  Concerning Nominees for
Election  as  Directors"  and  "Information   Concerning  Directors  Other  Than
Nominees"  contained in the Company's  definitive  proxy  statement  prepared in
connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 23, 2003, as
filed with the SEC on March 25, 2003 (the "Proxy Statement"),  which information
is incorporated herein by this reference.

Executive Officers

The following table sets forth summary  information about the executive officers
of the Company and certain  executive  officers of the Banks.  Unless  otherwise
indicated,  each  executive  officer has served in his current  position for the
past five years.
<TABLE>
Name                       Age      Position with the Company or Bank and Principal Occupation and
                                    Employment During the Past Five Years
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>      <C>
Kevin G. Deardorff          48      Vice President & Technology Director of the Company.
Leo E. Herrick              61      President of United Bank commencing June, 2002. Previously,
                                    Chairman of the Board and President of F&M Bank-Iowa, Marshalltown,
                                    Iowa.
Edward C. Jacobson          62      Vice President and Treasurer of Company and Senior Vice President
Daniel L. Krieger           66      President of Company since 1997.  Previously served as President
                                    of First National. Also serves as a Director of the Company,
                                    Chairman of the Board and Trust Officer of First National and
                                    Chairman of the Board of Boone Bank and United Bank.
David L. Morris             60      President of Randall-Story Bank.
John P. Nelson              36      Vice President and Secretary of Company.
Thomas H. Pohlman           52      President of First National since 1999. Previously served as
                                    Senior Vice President of First National.
Jeffrey K. Putzier          41      President of Boone Bank since 1999. Previously served as Vice
                                    President of State Bank.
William D. Tufford          58      President of State Bank.
Terrill L. Wycoff           59      Executive Vice President of First National since 2000. Previously
                                    served as served as Senior Vice President of First National.
</TABLE>

                                       47
<PAGE>

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Refer to the information  under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial  Ownership
Reporting Compliance" in the Proxy Statement,  which information is incorporated
herein by this reference.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Refer to the information under the caption "Executive Compensation" in the Proxy
Statement, which information is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Refer to the information  under the captions  "Security  Ownership of Management
and Certain  Beneficial  Owners" in the Proxy  Statement,  which  information is
incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Refer to the  information  under the caption  "Loans to Directors  and Executive
Officers  and  Related  Party  Transactions"  in  the  Proxy  Statement,   which
information is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 14. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The principal  executive officer and principal  financial officer of the Company
have  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of the  Company's  disclosure  controls and
procedures (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c) under the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange  Act")) as of a date
within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual  report (the  "Evaluation
Date").  Based on such evaluation,  such officers have concluded that, as of the
Evaluation Date, the Company's  disclosure controls and procedures are effective
in bringing to their attention on a timely basis material  information  relating
to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included
in the Company's periodic filings under the Exchange Act.

Changes in Internal Controls

Since the Evaluation  Date,  there have not been any significant  changes in the
Company's internal controls or in other factors that could significantly  affect
such controls.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)      List of Financial Statements and Schedules.

         1.  Financial Statements

             Report of McGladrey & Pullen,  LLP,  Independent Auditor
             Report of KPMG,  LLP,   Independent  Auditor
             Consolidated  Balance  Sheets, December 31, 2002 and 2001
             Consolidated  Statements of Income for the Years ended
               December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
             Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for
               the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
             Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended
               December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         2.  Financial Statement Schedules

          All  schedules  are omitted  because  they are not  applicable  or not
          required,  or because  the  required  information  is  included in the
          consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

(b)       Reports on Form 8-K.

          On October 18, 2002,  the Company filed a Form 8-K pursuant to Item 5,
          announcing net earnings for the three and nine months ended  September
          30, 2002.

                                       48
<PAGE>


(c)      Exhibits.

           3.1  -  Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company
                   (incorporated by reference to Form 10 filed on April 30,
                   2001).

           3.2  -  Bylaws of the Company.

           10   -  Management Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by
                   reference to Form 10K filed on March 25, 2002).

           21   -  Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

           23.1 -  Consent of Accountants-McGladrey & Pullen, LLP

           23.2 -  Consent of Accountants-KPMG, LLP

           99   -  Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
                   Act of 2002.


                                       49
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                            AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION

March 31, 2003                     By:  /s/ Daniel L. Krieger
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                         Daniel L. Krieger, President
                                        (Principle Executive Officer)


March 31, 2003                     By:  /s/ John P. Nelson
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        John P. Nelson, Vice President
                                        (Principal Financial and Accounting
                                        Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
this  report has been  signed  below by the  following  persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on March 31, 2003.

                                         /s/ Robert W. Stafford
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Robert W. Stafford, Chairman

                                         /s/ Charles D. Jons
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Charles D. Jons, Director

                                         /s/ Betty A. Baulder
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Betty A. Baudler, Director

                                         /s/ James Christy
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         James Christy, Director

                                         /s/ Jami R. Larson
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Jami R. Larson II, Director

                                         /s/ Marvin J. Walter
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Marvin J. Walter, Director

                                         /s/ Douglas C. Gustafson
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Douglas C. Gustafson, Director


                                       50
<PAGE>


                  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
                           SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



I, Daniel L. Krieger, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10K of Ames National Corporation;

2.  Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain  any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material  fact  necessary in
    order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
    such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
    by this annual report;

3.  Based  on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
    information  included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
    respects the financial  condition,  results of operations  and cash flows of
    the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and  I are  responsible  for
    establishing and maintaining  disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and have:

     a)   designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to ensure  that
          material  information  relating  to the  registrant  ,  including  its
          consolidated subsidiaries,  is made known to us by others within those
          entities,  particularly  during the period in which this annual report
          is being prepared;

     b)   evaluated the  effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure  controls
          and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of
          this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

     c)   presented   in  this   annual   report  our   conclusions   about  the
          effectiveness  of the disclosure  controls and procedures based on our
          evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

5.  The registrant's  other certifying  officers and I have disclosed,  based on
    our most  recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit
    committee of the registrant's  board of directors (or persons fulfilling the
    equivalent functions):

     a)   all  significant  deficiencies  in the design or operation of internal
          controls  which could  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability to
          record,  process,   summarize  and  report  financial  data  and  have
          identified for the  registrant's  auditors any material  weaknesses in
          internal controls; and

     b)   any fraud, whether or not material,  that involves management or other
          employees who have a  significant  role in the  registrant's  internal
          controls; and

6.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers and I have  indicated in this
    annual report whether there were significant changes in internal controls or
    in  other  factors  that  could   significantly   affect  internal  controls
    subsequent  to the  date  of  our  most  recent  evaluation,  including  any
    corrective  actions  with regard to  significant  deficiencies  and material
    weaknesses.

Date: March 31, 2003                      /s/ Daniel L. Krieger
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Daniel L. Krieger, President
                                         (Principal Executive Officer)

                                       51
<PAGE>


                  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
                           SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



I, John P. Nelson, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10K of Ames National Corporation;

2.  Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain  any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material  fact  necessary in
    order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
    such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
    by this annual report;

3.  Based  on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
    information  included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
    respects the financial  condition,  results of operations  and cash flows of
    the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and  I are  responsible  for
    establishing and maintaining  disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and have:

     a)   designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to ensure  that
          material  information  relating  to the  registrant  ,  including  its
          consolidated subsidiaries,  is made known to us by others within those
          entities,  particularly  during the period in which this annual report
          is being prepared;

     b)   evaluated the  effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure  controls
          and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of
          this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

     c)   presented   in  this   annual   report  our   conclusions   about  the
          effectiveness  of the disclosure  controls and procedures based on our
          evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

5.  The registrant's  other certifying  officers and I have disclosed,  based on
    our most  recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit
    committee of the registrant's  board of directors (or persons fulfilling the
    equivalent functions):

     a)   all  significant  deficiencies  in the design or operation of internal
          controls  which could  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability to
          record,  process,   summarize  and  report  financial  data  and  have
          identified for the  registrant's  auditors any material  weaknesses in
          internal controls; and

     b)   any fraud, whether or not material,  that involves management or other
          employees who have a  significant  role in the  registrant's  internal
          controls; and

6.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers and I have  indicated in this
    annual report whether there were significant changes in internal controls or
    in  other  factors  that  could   significantly   affect  internal  controls
    subsequent  to the  date  of  our  most  recent  evaluation,  including  any
    corrective  actions  with regard to  significant  deficiencies  and material
    weaknesses.

Date: March 31, 2003                          /s/ John P. Nelson
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              John P. Nelson, Vice President
                                              (Principal Financial Officer)


                                       52

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
