<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ames10k.txt
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                     ------
                                    FORM 10-K


                  Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.    Commission File Number 0-32637.

                            AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

               IOWA                                     42-1039071
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  (State or other jurisdiction             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 of incorporation or organization)

     405 FIFTH STREET, AMES, IOWA                                        50010
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                              (Zip Code)

                                 (515) 232-6251
              ----------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          COMMON STOCK, $5.00 PAR VALUE
                          -----------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934 (the "Act") during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant  was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to
such filing  requirements  for the past 90 days.  Yes __X__ No _____

     Indicate  bycheck mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes __X__ No _____

     As of June  30,2004,  the  aggregate  market  value of voting stock held by
non-affiliates  of the  registrant,  based upon the  closing  sale price for the
registrant's  common  stock in the over the counter  market,  was  $162,670,109.
Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director
of the Company and by each person who owns 5% or more of the outstanding  common
stock have been  excluded on the basis that such  persons may be deemed to be an
affiliate of the  registrant.  This  determination  of  affiliate  status is not
necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose.

     The  number of  shares  outstanding  of the  registrant's  common  stock on
February 28, 2005, was 3,137,066.


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of the registrant's  definitive proxy statement, as filed with the
Securities  and Exchange  Commission  on March 16,  2005,  are  incorporated  by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.


                                       1
<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

Part I

Item 1.    Business.....................................................       3
Item 2.    Properties...................................................      14
Item 3.    Legal Proceedings............................................      14
Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Shareholders..............      14

Part II

Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Stock and Related
                Shareholder Matters.....................................      14
Item 6.    Selected Financial Data......................................      16
Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                Condition and Results Of Operations.....................      16
Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk...      35
Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..................      37
Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
                and Financial Disclosure................................      58
Item 9 A.  Controls and Procedures......................................      58
Item 9 B.  Other Information............................................      58

Part III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant...........      58
Item 11.   Executive Compensation.......................................      59
Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management     59
Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions...............      59
Item 14.   Principal Accounting Fees and Services ......................      60

Part IV

Item 15.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules...................      60


                                       2
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

General

     Ames National  Corporation  (the "Company") is an Iowa corporation and bank
holding  company  registered  under the Bank  Holding  Company  Act of 1956,  as
amended.  The  Company  owns  100% of the  stock  of five  banking  subsidiaries
consisting of two national banks and three  state-chartered  banks, as described
below.  All of the Company's  operations  are conducted in the State of Iowa and
primarily  within the central Iowa counties of Boone,  Story and Marshall  where
the Company's banking  subsidiaries are located.  The Company does not engage in
any  material  business  activities  apart  from its  ownership  of its  banking
subsidiaries.  The principal executive offices of the Company are located at 405
Fifth Street, Ames, Iowa 50010 and its telephone number is (515) 232-6251.

     The Company was  organized and  incorporated  on January 21, 1975 under the
laws of the  State of Iowa to  serve  as a  holding  company  for its  principal
banking  subsidiary,  First National Bank, Ames, Iowa ("First National") located
in Ames, Iowa. In 1983, the Company acquired the stock of the State Bank & Trust
Co.  ("State Bank")  located in Nevada,  Iowa; in 1991,  the Company,  through a
newly-chartered  state  bank  known as Boone  Bank & Trust Co.  ("Boone  Bank"),
acquired  certain  assets and assumed  certain  liabilities  of the former Boone
State Bank & Trust Company located in Boone, Iowa; in 1995, the Company acquired
the stock of the  Randall-Story  State Bank  ("Randall-Story  Bank")  located in
Story City, Iowa; and in 2002, the Company chartered and commenced operations of
a new national  banking  organization,  United Bank & Trust NA ("United  Bank"),
located  in  Marshalltown,   Iowa.  First  National,  State  Bank,  Boone  Bank,
Randall-Story  Bank  and  United  Bank  are  each  operated  as a  wholly  owned
subsidiary of the Company.  These five financial institutions are referred to in
this Form 10-K collectively as the "Banks" and individually as a "Bank".

     The principal  sources of Company revenue are: (i) interest and fees earned
on loans made by the Banks; (ii) service charges on deposit accounts  maintained
at the Banks; (iii) interest on fixed income investments held by the Banks; (iv)
fees on trust services provided by those Banks exercising trust powers;  and (v)
securities gains and dividends on equity investments held by the Company and the
Banks.

     The  Banks'  lending   activities   consist  primarily  of  short-term  and
medium-term  commercial  and  residential  real estate loans,  agricultural  and
business  operating loans and lines of credit,  equipment loans,  vehicle loans,
personal  loans and  lines of  credit,  home  improvement  loans  and  secondary
mortgage loan origination. The Banks also offer a variety of demand, savings and
time deposits, cash management services,  merchant credit card processing,  safe
deposit boxes,  wire  transfers,  direct deposit of payroll and social  security
checks and automated  teller machine  access.  Four of the five Banks also offer
trust services.

     The Company provides  various services to the Banks which include,  but are
not  limited to,  management  assistance,  auditing  services,  human  resources
services and administration,  compliance  management,  marketing  assistance and
coordination,  loan review and assistance  with respect to computer  systems and
procedures.

Banking Subsidiaries

     First National Bank, Ames, Iowa. First National is a nationally  chartered,
commercial  bank  insured by the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  (the
"FDIC").  It was  organized in 1903 and became a wholly owned  subsidiary of the
Company in 1975 through a bank holding company  reorganization  whereby the then
shareholders  of First National  exchanged all of their First National stock for
stock in the Company. First National provides full-service banking to businesses
and  residents  within the Ames  community and  surrounding  area. It provides a
variety of  products  and  services  designed to meet the needs of the market it
serves.  It has an  experienced  staff of bank officers  including many who have
spent  the  majority  of their  banking  careers  with  First  National  and who
emphasize long-term customer relationships. First National conducts business out
of three full-service offices and one super market location,  all located in the
city of Ames.

     As of December 31, 2004,  First National had capital of $40,482,000  and 91
full-time equivalent  employees.  Full-time  equivalents represent the number of
people a business would employ if all its employees were employed on a full-time
basis. It is calculated by dividing the total number of hours worked by all full
and part-time employees by the number of hours a full-time individual would work
for a given period of time. First National had net income of $6,949,000 in 2004,
$6,621,000 in 2003 and $6,294,000 in 2002. Total assets as of December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002 were $436,074,000, $381,086,000 and $375,341,000, respectively.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     State  Bank  &  Trust   Co.,   Nevada,   Iowa.   State  Bank  is  an  Iowa,
state-chartered,  FDIC insured  commercial  bank. State Bank was acquired by the
Company in 1983 through a stock  transaction  whereby the then  shareholders  of
State Bank exchanged all their State Bank stock for stock in the Company.  State
Bank was organized in 1939 and provides  full-serve  banking to  businesses  and
residents  within the Nevada area from its main Nevada location and two offices;
one in  McCallsburg,  Iowa  and  the  other  in  Colo,  Iowa.  It is  strong  in
agricultural, commercial and residential real estate lending.

     As of  December  31,  2004,  State Bank had capital of  $11,288,000  and 22
full-time  equivalent  employees.  It had net  income  of  $1,707,000  in  2004,
$1,554,000 in 2003 and $1,501,000 in 2002. Total assets as of December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002 were $112,599,000, $100,712,000 and $104,079,000, respectively.

     Boone   Bank  &  Trust   Co.,   Boone,   Iowa.   Boone  Bank  is  an  Iowa,
state-chartered,  FDIC insured commercial bank. Boone Bank was organized in 1992
by the  Company  under a new state  charter in  connection  with a purchase  and
assumption  transaction  whereby Boone Bank purchased certain assets and assumed
certain  liabilities  of the former Boone State Bank & Trust Company in exchange
for a cash payment. It provides full service banking to businesses and residents
within the Boone  community  and  surrounding  area.  It is actively  engaged in
agricultural,  consumer and commercial lending, including real estate, operating
and  equipment  loans.  It  conducts  business  from its main  office and a full
service branch office, both located in Boone.

     As of  December  31,  2004,  Boone Bank had capital of  $12,622,000  and 28
full-time  equivalent  employees.  It had net  income  of  $2,059,000  in  2004,
$1,920,000 in 2003 and $1,827,000 in 2002. Total assets as of December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002 were $112,578,000, $110,712,000 and $96,829,000, respectively.

     Randall-Story State Bank, Story City, Iowa.  Randall-Story Bank is an Iowa,
state-chartered,  FDIC insured commercial bank.  Randall-Story Bank was acquired
by the Company in 1995 through a stock transaction whereby the then shareholders
of Randall-Story Bank exchanged all their  Randall-Story Bank stock for stock in
the Company.  Randall-Story Bank was organized in 1928 and provides full-service
banking to Story City and the  surrounding  area from its main location in Story
City and a full service office in Randall,  Iowa.  While its primary emphasis is
in  agricultural  lending,  Randall-Story  Bank also  provides  the  traditional
lending services typically offered by community banks.

     As of December 31, 2004,  Randall-Story  Bank had capital of $7,857,000 and
16 full-time  equivalent  employees.  It had net income of  $1,036,000  in 2004,
$810,000 in 2003 and  $1,009,000 in 2002.  Total assets as of December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002 were $74,427,000, $72,581,000 and $64,946,000, respectively.

     United Bank & Trust NA,  Marshalltown,  Iowa.  United Bank is a  nationally
chartered,  commercial  bank insured by the FDIC. It was newly chartered in June
of 2002  and  offers a broad  range of  deposit  and loan  products,  as well as
Internet banking and trust services to customers located in the Marshalltown and
surrounding Marshall County area.

     As of December  31,  2004,  United Bank had  capital of  $6,902,000  and 17
full-time equivalent employees. United Bank had a profit of $105,000 in 2004 and
posted a net loss in 2003 of $465,000 and for the six and one-half  month period
ended  December  31, 2002 a loss of  $524,000.  Total  assets as of December 31,
2004, 2003 and 2002 were $89,653,000, $68,397,000 and $30,355,000, respectively.

Business Strategy and Operations

     As a locally owned,  multi-bank  holding  company,  the Company  emphasizes
strong  personal  relationships  to provide  products and services that meet the
needs of the Banks' customers.  The Company seeks to achieve growth and maintain
a strong return on equity.  To accomplish  these goals, the Banks focus on small
to medium  size  businesses  that  traditionally  wish to develop  an  exclusive
relationship with a single bank. The Banks, individually and collectively,  have
the size to give the personal attention required by business owners, in addition
to the credit expertise to help businesses meet their goals.

                                       4
<PAGE>

     The  Banks  offer a full  range of  deposit  services  that  are  typically
available in most financial institutions,  including checking accounts,  savings
accounts and time deposits of various types,  ranging from money market accounts
to longer term certificates of deposit.  One major goal in developing the Banks'
product  mix is to keep the product  offerings  as simple as  possible,  both in
terms of the number of products and the features and benefits of the  individual
services.  The transaction  accounts and time  certificates are tailored to each
Bank's  principal  market area at rates  competitive in that Bank's  market.  In
addition,  retirement accounts such as IRAs (Individual Retirement Accounts) are
available.  The FDIC insures all deposit accounts up to the maximum amount.  The
Banks solicit  these  accounts from  small-to-medium  sized  businesses in their
respective primary trade areas, and from individuals who live and/or work within
these areas. No material portion of the Banks' deposits has been obtained from a
single  person or from a few  persons.  Therefore,  the Company does not believe
that the loss of the  deposits of any person or of a few  persons  would have an
adverse effect on the Banks' operations or erode their deposit base.

     Loans are  provided to  creditworthy  borrowers  regardless  of their race,
color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability,  receipt
of public  assistance or any other basis  prohibited by law. The Banks intend to
fulfill this  commitment  while  maintaining  prudent credit  standards.  In the
course of fulfilling this obligation to meet the credit needs of the communities
which  they  serve,  the Banks give  consideration  to each  credit  application
regardless of the fact that the applicant may reside in a low to moderate income
neighborhood,  and without regard to the  geographic  location of the residence,
property or business within their market areas.

     The Banks provide innovative,  quality financial products, such as Internet
banking and trust  services that meet the banking  needs of their  customers and
communities.  The loan  programs and  acceptance  of certain loans may vary from
time-to-time  depending on the funds  available  and  regulations  governing the
banking  industry.  The Banks  offer all  basic  types of credit to their  local
communities and surrounding rural areas, including commercial,  agricultural and
consumer loans. The types of loans within these categories are as follows:

     Commercial Loans.  Commercial loans are typically made to sole proprietors,
partnerships,  corporations and other business  entities such as  municipalities
and  individuals  where the loan is to be used primarily for business  purposes.
These loans are  typically  secured by assets  owned by the  borrower  and often
times involve personal guarantees given by the owners of the business. The types
of loans the Banks offer include:

        -     financing guaranteed under Small Business Administration programs
        -     operating and working capital loans
        -     loans to finance equipment and other capital purchases
        -     commercial real estate loans
        -     business lines of credit
        -     term loans
        -     loans to professionals
        -     letters of credit

     Agricultural  Loans.  The Banks by nature of their location in central Iowa
are directly and indirectly  involved in agriculture and agri-business  lending.
This includes  short-term  seasonal  lending  associated  with cyclical crop and
livestock  production,  intermediate  term lending for machinery,  equipment and
breeding stock  acquisition and long-term real estate  lending.  These loans are
typically  secured by the  crops,  livestock,  equipment  or real  estate  being
financed.  The basic tenet of the Banks'  agricultural  lending  philosophy is a
blending of strong,  positive  cash flow  supported  by an  adequate  collateral
position,  along with a demonstrated  capacity to withstand  short-term negative
impact if necessary.  Applicable  governmental subsidies and affiliated programs
are utilized if warranted to accomplish these  parameters.  Approximately 14% of
the Banks' loans have been made for  agricultural  purposes.  The Banks have not
experienced a material  adverse effect on their business as a result of defaults
on agricultural loans and do not anticipate at the present time experiencing any
such effect in the future.

     Consumer  Loans.  Consumer  loans are  typically  available to finance home
improvements and consumer purchases, such as automobiles, household furnishings,
boats and  education.  These loans are made on both a secured  and an  unsecured
basis. The following types of consumer loans are available:

        -     automobiles and trucks
        -     boats and recreational vehicles
        -     personal loans and lines of credit
        -     home equity lines of credit
        -     home improvement and rehabilitation loans
        -     consumer real estate loans

                                       5
<PAGE>

     Other types of credit programs,  such as loans to nonprofit  organizations,
to public entities,  for community development and to other governmental offered
programs also are available.

     First National, Boone Bank, State Bank and United Bank offer trust services
typically  found  in  a  commercial  bank  with  trust  powers,   including  the
administration of estates,  conservatorships,  personal and corporate trusts and
agency  accounts.  The  Banks  also  provide  farm  management,  investment  and
custodial services for individuals, businesses and non-profit organizations.

     The Banks earn income from the  origination of  residential  mortgages that
are sold in the  secondary  real estate  market  without  retaining the mortgage
servicing rights.

     The Banks offer traditional  banking services,  such as safe deposit boxes,
wire transfers,  direct deposit of payroll and social security checks, automated
teller machine access and automatic drafts (ACH) for various accounts.

Credit Management

     The Company  strives to achieve sound credit risk  management.  In order to
achieve  this goal,  the Company has  established  uniform  credit  policies and
underwriting criteria for the Banks' loan portfolios. The Banks diversify in the
types of loans offered and are subject to regular  credit  examinations,  annual
internal and external loan audits and annual  review of large loans,  as well as
quarterly  reviews of loans  experiencing  deterioration in credit quality.  The
Company  attempts to identify  potential  problem loans early,  charge off loans
promptly and  maintain an adequate  allowance  for loan losses.  The Company has
established  credit  guidelines for the Banks' lending  portfolios which include
guidelines relating to the more commonly requested loan types, as follows:

     Commercial  Real Estate Loans -  Commercial  real estate  loans,  including
agricultural  real estate loans,  are normally based on loan to appraisal  value
ratios of 75% and secured by a first priority lien position. Loans are typically
subject  to  interest  rate  adjustments  no less  frequently  than 5 years from
origination.  Fully  amortized  monthly  repayment  terms normally do not exceed
twenty  years.  Projections  and cash  flows that show  ability to service  debt
within the amortization period are required.  Property and casualty insurance is
required to protect the Banks' collateral interests. Commercial and agricultural
real estate loans represent approximately 45% of the loan portfolio.  Major risk
factors  for  commercial  real  estate  loans,  as well as the other  loan types
described  below,  include a  geographic  concentration  in  central  Iowa;  the
dependence  of the local  economy  upon  several  large  governmental  entities,
including Iowa State University and the Iowa Department of  Transportation;  and
the health of Iowa's agricultural sector that is dependent on weather conditions
and government programs.

     Commercial  and  Agricultural  Operating  Lines - These  loans  are made to
businesses and farm operations with terms up to twelve months.  The credit needs
are  generally  seasonal  with the source of repayment  coming from the entity's
normal business cycle.  Cash flow reviews are completed to establish the ability
to service the debt within the terms of the loan. A first  priority  lien on the
general assets of the business  normally  secures these types of loans.  Loan to
value limits vary and are dependent  upon the nature and type of the  underlying
collateral and the financial  strength of the borrower.  Crop and hail insurance
is required for most agricultural  borrowers.  Loans are generally guaranteed by
the principal(s).

     Commercial and Agricultural Term Loans - These loans are made to businesses
and farm  operations  to finance  equipment,  breeding  stock and other  capital
expenditures. Terms are generally the lesser of five years or the useful life of
the asset.  Term loans are normally  secured by the asset being financed and are
often  additionally  secured with the general  assets of the  business.  Loan to
value is  generally  75% of the cost or value of the assets.  Loans are normally
guaranteed by the principal(s).  Commercial and agricultural  operating and term
loans represent approximately 20% of the loan portfolio.

     Residential  First Mortgage Loans - Proceeds of these loans are used to buy
or refinance the purchase of residential  real estate with the loan secured by a
first lien on the real estate. Most of the residential mortgage loans originated
by the Banks  (including  servicing  rights) are sold in the secondary  mortgage
market due to the higher interest rate risk inherent in the 15 and 30 year fixed
rate  terms  consumers  prefer.  Loans that are  originated  and not sold in the
secondary  market  generally have higher interest rates and have rate adjustment
periods  of no longer  than  seven  years.  The  maximum  amortization  of first
mortgage  residential  real estate loans is 30 years. The  loan-to-value  ratios
normally  do not  exceed  80%  without  credit  enhancements  such  as  mortgage
insurance.  Property  insurance  is  required on all loans to protect the Banks'
collateral position.  Loans secured by one to four family residential properties
represent approximately 24% of the loan portfolio.

                                       6
<PAGE>

     Home Equity Term Loans - These loans are  normally  for the purpose of home
improvement or other consumer  purposes and are secured by a junior  mortgage on
residential  real  estate.  Loan-to-value  ratios  normally do not exceed 90% of
market value.

     Home Equity  Lines of Credit - The Banks offer a home equity line of credit
with a maximum term of 60 months.  These loans are secured by a junior  mortgage
on the residential real estate and normally do not exceed a loan-to-market value
ratio of 90% with the interest adjusted quarterly.

     Consumer  Loans - Consumer  loans are normally made to consumers  under the
following guidelines.  Automobiles - loans on new and used automobiles generally
will not exceed 80% and 75% of the value,  respectively.  Recreational  vehicles
and boats - 66% of the value.  Mobile home - maximum  term on these loans is 180
months with the  loan-to-value  ratio generally not exceeding 66%. Each of these
loans is secured by a first  priority lien on the assets and requires  insurance
to protect the Banks'  collateral  position.  Unsecured - The term for unsecured
loans  generally does not exceed 12 months.  Consumer and other loans  represent
approximately 6% of the loan portfolio.

Employees

     At December 31,  2004,  the Banks had a total of 174  full-time  equivalent
employees and the Company had an additional 10 full-time employees.  The Company
and Banks  provide their  employees  with a  comprehensive  program of benefits,
including  comprehensive  medical and dental  plans,  long-term  and  short-term
disability coverage,  and a 401(k) profit sharing plan. Management considers its
relations  with  employees  to be  satisfactory.  Unions  represent  none of the
employees.

Market Area

     The Company operates five commercial  banks with locations in Story,  Boone
and Marshall Counties in central Iowa.

     First  National is located in Ames,  Iowa with a population of 50,731.  The
major employers are Iowa State University, Ames Laboratories, Iowa Department of
Transportation,  Mary  Greeley  Medical  Center,  National  Veterinary  Services
Laboratory,  Ames Community Schools,  City of Ames,  Barilla,  Sauer-Danfoss and
McFarland Clinic.  First National's  primary business includes  providing retail
banking services and business and consumer lending. First National has a minimum
exposure to agricultural lending.

     Boone Bank is located in Boone, Iowa with a population of 12,800.  Boone is
the county seat of Boone County.  The major employers are Fareway Stores,  Inc.,
Patterson  Dental Supply Co., Union Pacific  Railroad,  and  Communication  Data
Services.  Boone Bank provides lending  services to the agriculture,  commercial
and real estate markets.

     State Bank is located in Nevada, Iowa with a population of 6,658. Nevada is
the county seat of Story County. The major employers are Print Graphics, General
Financial Supply,  Central Iowa Printing,  Burke  Corporation and Almaco.  State
Bank provides  various  types of loans with a major  agricultural  presence.  It
provides a wide variety of banking  services and  products  including  insurance
services to its customers.

     Randall-Story  Bank is located in Story  City,  Iowa with a  population  of
3,228.  The major  employers  are Pella  Corporation,  Bethany  Manor,  American
Packaging,   Precision   Machine  and  Record  Printing.   Located  in  a  major
agricultural  area, it has a strong presence in this type of lending.  As a full
service commercial bank it provides a full line of products and services.

     United Bank is located in  Marshalltown,  Iowa with a population of 26,123.
The  major  employers  are Swift & Co.,  Fisher  Controls  International,  Lenox
Industries and Marshalltown  Medical & Surgical Center. The newly chartered bank
offers a full line of loan, deposit, and trust services.

Competition

     The geographic  market area served by the Banks is highly  competitive with
respect to both loans and  deposits.  The Banks compete  principally  with other
commercial  banks,  savings  and  loan  associations,  credit  unions,  mortgage
companies, finance divisions of auto and farm equipment companies,  agricultural
suppliers and other financial service  providers.  Some of these competitors are
local,  while others are  statewide or  nationwide.  The major  commercial  bank
competitors  include F & M Bank, U.S. Bank National  Association and Wells Fargo
Bank,  each of which have a branch office or offices  within the Banks'  primary
trade areas.  Among the  advantages  such larger banks have are their ability to
finance extensive  advertising campaigns and to allocate their investment assets
to  geographic  regions  of  higher  yield  and  demand.  These  larger  banking
organizations  have much higher legal lending limits than the Banks and thus are
better able to finance large regional, national and global commercial customers.

                                       7
<PAGE>

     In order to compete with the other financial  institutions in their primary
trade areas,  the Banks use, to the fullest  extent  possible,  the  flexibility
which  is  accorded  by  independent   status.  This  includes  an  emphasis  on
specialized  services,  local promotional  activity and personal contacts by the
Banks' officers,  directors and employees. In particular,  the Banks compete for
deposits  principally by offering depositors a wide variety of deposit programs,
convenient  office  locations,  hours and other services.  The Banks compete for
loans  primarily by offering  competitive  interest rates,  experienced  lending
personnel and quality products and services.

     As of December 31, 2004,  there were 25 FDIC  insured  institutions  having
approximately  57 offices or branch  offices  within  Boone,  Story and Marshall
County,  Iowa where the Banks' offices are located.  First National,  State Bank
and Randall-Story Bank together have the largest percentage of deposits in Story
County and Boone Bank has the highest percentage of deposits in Boone County.


     The Banks also  compete  with the  financial  markets for funds.  Yields on
corporate and government debt securities and commercial paper affect the ability
of commercial banks to attract and hold deposits.  Commercial banks also compete
for funds with equity, money market, and insurance products offered by brokerage
and insurance  companies.  This  competitive  trend will likely  continue in the
future.

     The Company anticipates bank competition will continue to change materially
over the next several years as more financial institutions,  including the major
regional and national banks, continue to consolidate.  Credit unions, because of
their income tax benefits, will continue to show substantial growth.

Supervision and Regulation

     The  following   discussion   generally  refers  to  certain  statutes  and
regulations  affecting  the banking  industry.  These  references  provide brief
summaries and therefore do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to those statutes and regulations. In addition, due to the
numerous  statutes and  regulations  that apply to and regulate the operation of
the banking industry, many are not referenced below.

     USA Patriot  Act.  The USA Patriot Act was enacted in 2001 which,  together
with regulations issued pursuant to this act, substantially broadened previously
existing anti-money  laundering law and regulation,  increased  compliance,  due
diligence and reporting  obligations  for  financial  institutions,  created new
crimes and penalties and required federal banking agencies,  in reviewing merger
and other acquisition transactions, to consider the effectiveness of the parties
in  combating  money  laundering  activities.  The act  requires  all  financial
institutions  to establish  certain  anti-money  laundering  compliance  and due
diligence  programs that are reasonably  designed to detect and report instances
of money laundering.  The Company believes its compliance  policies,  procedures
and  controls  satisfy  the  material   requirements  of  the  Patriot  Act  and
regulations.

     Sarbanes-Oxley  Act. The  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act was enacted in 2002 to, among
other things,  increase  corporate  responsibility  and to protect  investors by
improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate  disclosures pursuant to the
federal  securities  laws. This act generally  applies to all companies that are
required to file periodic  reports with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission
under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934.  The act  implements  significant
changes in the  responsibilities  of officers and directors of public  companies
and  makes  certain  changes  to the  corporate  reporting  obligation  of those
companies and their external  auditors.  Among the requirements and prohibitions
addressed  by the act are  certifications  required by CEOs and CFOs of periodic
reports  filed with the SEC;  accelerated  reporting  of stock  transactions  by
directors, officers and large shareholders;  prohibitions against personal loans
from  companies to directors  and executive  officers  (except loans made in the
ordinary  course of business);  new  requirements  for public  companies'  audit
committees; new requirements for auditor independence; the forfeiture of bonuses
or other  incentive-based  compensation and profits from the sale of an issuer's
securities by directors and executive  officers in the 12-month period following
initial publication of any financial  statements that later require restatement;
various increased  criminal penalties for violations of securities laws; and the
creation of a public company  accounting  oversight board.  Rules adopted by the
SEC  to  implement   various   provisions   of  the  act  include  CEO  and  CFO
certifications   related  to  fair  presentation  of  financial  statements  and
financial  information in public filings, as well as management's  evaluation of
disclosure  controls and  procedures;  disclosure of whether any audit committee
members qualify as a "financial expert";  disclosures related to audit committee
composition and auditor pre-approval policies; disclosure related to adoption of
a written code of ethics;  reconciling non-GAAP financial  information with GAAP
in public  communications;  disclosure of off-balance  sheet  transactions;  and
disclosure related to director independence and the director nomination process.
The Company has adopted  modifications to its corporate governance procedures to
comply with the provisions of the act and regulations.

                                       8
<PAGE>

     The  Company  and the Banks are  subject  to  extensive  federal  and state
regulation and supervision. Regulation and supervision of financial institutions
is  primarily   intended  to  protect   depositors  and  the  FDIC  rather  than
shareholders of the Company.  The laws and regulations  affecting banks and bank
holding  companies have changed  significantly  over recent years,  particularly
with the passage of the Financial Services Modernization Act. There is reason to
expect  that  similar  changes  will  continue  in the  future.  Any  change  in
applicable laws,  regulations or regulatory  policies may have a material effect
on the business,  operations and prospects of the Company. The Company is unable
to predict the nature or the extent of the effects on its  business and earnings
that any fiscal or monetary  policies or new  federal or state  legislation  may
have in the future.

     The Company

     The Company is a bank  holding  company by virtue of its  ownership  of the
Banks,  and is  registered  as such with the Board of  Governors  of the Federal
Reserve  System (the  "Federal  Reserve").  The Company is subject to regulation
under the Bank  Holding  Company Act of 1956,  as amended  (the  "BHCA"),  which
subjects the Company and the Banks to supervision and examination by the Federal
Reserve.  Under the BHCA,  the  Company  files with the Federal  Reserve  annual
reports of its operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve
may require.

     Source of Strength to the Banks.  The Federal  Reserve  takes the  position
that a bank holding  company is required to serve as a source of  financial  and
managerial  strength to its subsidiary  banks and may not conduct its operations
in an unsafe  or  unsound  manner.  In  addition,  it is the  Federal  Reserve's
position that in serving as a source of strength to its subsidiary  banks,  bank
holding  companies  should use available  resources to provide  adequate capital
funds to its subsidiary  banks during periods of financial  stress or adversity.
It should also maintain the financial  flexibility and capital raising  capacity
to obtain additional resources for providing assistance to its subsidiary banks.
A bank holding company's failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of
strength to its  subsidiary  banks will  generally be  considered by the Federal
Reserve to be an unsafe and  unsound  banking  practice  or a  violation  of the
Federal Reserve's regulations or both.

     Federal Reserve  Approval.  Bank holding companies must obtain the approval
of the Federal Reserve before they: (i) acquire direct or indirect  ownership or
control of any voting stock of any bank if, after such  acquisition,  they would
own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5% of the voting stock of such
bank;  (ii) merge or  consolidate  with another bank holding  company;  or (iii)
acquire substantially all of the assets of any additional banks.

     Non-Banking  Activities.  With certain exceptions,  the BHCA also prohibits
bank holding companies from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of
voting stock in any company other than a bank or a bank holding  company  unless
the  Federal  Reserve  finds the  company's  business  to be  incidental  to the
business of banking. When making this determination, the Federal Reserve in part
considers  whether allowing a bank holding company to engage in those activities
would  offer  advantages  to the public  that would  outweigh  possible  adverse
effects. A bank holding company may engage in permissible non-banking activities
on a de novo basis, if the holding  company meets certain  criteria and notifies
the  Federal  Reserve  within  ten (10)  business  days after the  activity  has
commenced.

     Under the  Financial  Services  Modernization  Act,  eligible  bank holding
companies  may elect  (with the  approval  of the  Federal  Reserve) to become a
"financial holding company." Financial holding companies are permitted to engage
in certain  financial  activities  through  affiliates which had previously been
prohibited  activities for bank holding  companies.  Such  financial  activities
include  securities and insurance  underwriting  and merchant  banking.  At this
time, the Company has not elected to become a financial holding company, but may
choose to do so at some time in the future.

     Control  Transactions.  The Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended,
requires  a person or group of persons  acquiring  "control"  of a bank  holding
company to  provide  the  Federal  Reserve  with at least 60 days prior  written
notice of the  proposed  acquisition.  Following  receipt  of this  notice,  the
Federal  Reserve  has 60  days to  issue  a  notice  disapproving  the  proposed
acquisition,  but the  Federal  Reserve  may extend  this time  period for up to
another 30 days. An acquisition may be completed  before the disapproval  period
expires  if the  Federal  Reserve  issues  written  notice of its  intent not to
disapprove the action. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal
Reserve,  the  acquisition  of 10% or more of a class of voting  stock of a bank
holding  company with a class of securities  registered  under Section 12 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, would constitute the acquisition of
control. In addition,  any "company" would be required to obtain the approval of
the Federal Reserve under the BHCA before  acquiring 25% (or 5% if the "company"
is a bank holding company) or more of the outstanding shares of the Company,  or
otherwise obtain control over the Company.

                                       9
<PAGE>

     Affiliate  Transactions.  The Company  and the Banks are deemed  affiliates
within  the  meaning  of the  Federal  Reserve  Act,  and  transactions  between
affiliates are subject to certain restrictions.  Generally,  the Federal Reserve
Act:  (i)  limits  the  extent  to  which  the  financial   institution  or  its
subsidiaries may engage in "covered  transactions"  with an affiliate;  and (ii)
requires  all   transactions   with  an  affiliate,   whether  or  not  "covered
transactions,"  to be on terms  substantially the same, or at least as favorable
to the institution or subsidiary, as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term
"covered transaction" includes the making of loans, purchase of assets, issuance
of a guarantee and similar transactions.

     State Law on Acquisitions.  Iowa law permits bank holding companies to make
acquisitions  throughout  the  state.  However,  Iowa  currently  has a  deposit
concentration  limit of 15% on the amount of  deposits in the state that any one
banking  organization can control and continue to acquire banks or bank deposits
(by acquisitions),  which applies to all depository  institutions doing business
in Iowa.

     Banking Subsidiaries

     Applicable  federal and state statutes and  regulations  governing a bank's
operations  relate,  among  other  matters,  to capital  adequacy  requirements,
required reserves against deposits,  investments,  loans,  legal lending limits,
certain interest rates payable, mergers and consolidations, borrowings, issuance
of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches and dealings with
affiliated persons.

     First  National  and  United  Bank are  national  banks  subject to primary
federal  regulation  and  supervision  by the Office of the  Comptroller  of the
Currency (the "OCC").  The FDIC,  as an insurer of the  deposits,  also has some
limited  regulatory  authority over First National and United Bank.  State Bank,
Boone Bank and  Randall-Story  Bank are state banks  subject to  regulation  and
supervision  by the Iowa  Division  of  Banking.  The three state Banks are also
subject  to  regulation  and  examination  by  the  FDIC,  which  insures  their
respective  deposits to the maximum  extent  permitted  by law. The federal laws
that  apply to the  Banks  regulate,  among  other  things,  the  scope of their
business, their investments,  their reserves against deposits, the timing of the
availability  of deposited funds and the nature and amount of and collateral for
loans.  The laws  and  regulations  governing  the  Banks  generally  have  been
promulgated to protect depositors and the deposit insurance fund of the FDIC and
not to protect stockholders of such institutions or their holding companies.

     The OCC  and  FDIC  each  has  authority  to  prohibit  banks  under  their
supervision  from  engaging  in what it  considers  to be an unsafe and  unsound
practice in conducting their business. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA")  requires federal banking regulators to adopt
regulations  or  guidelines  in a number  of areas to  ensure  bank  safety  and
soundness,  including  internal  controls,  credit  underwriting,  asset growth,
management  compensation,  ratios of classified  assets to capital and earnings.
FDICIA  also  contains  provisions  which are  intended  to  change  independent
auditing requirements, restrict the activities of state-chartered insured banks,
amend  various  consumer  banking laws,  limit the ability of  "undercapitalized
banks" to borrow from the Federal Reserve's discount window,  require regulators
to perform periodic on-site bank  examinations and set standards for real estate
lending.

     Borrowing  Limitations.  Each of the Banks is subject to limitations on the
aggregate  amount  of  loans  that it can  make to any one  borrower,  including
related entities.  Subject to numerous exceptions based on the type of loans and
collateral,  applicable  statutes and  regulations  generally limit loans to one
borrower of 15% of total equity and reserves. Each of the Banks is in compliance
with applicable loans to one borrower requirements.

     FDIC Insurance.  Generally,  customer deposit accounts in banks are insured
by the FDIC for up to a  maximum  amount  of  $100,000.  The FDIC has  adopted a
risk-based  insurance  assessment  system  under which  depository  institutions
contribute funds to the FDIC insurance fund based on their risk  classification.
The  FDIC  may  terminate  the  deposit  insurance  of  any  insured  depository
institution  if  it  determines  after  an   administrative   hearing  that  the
institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices,  is in an
unsafe  or  unsound  condition  to  continue  operations  or  has  violated  any
applicable law.

                                       10
<PAGE>

     Capital Adequacy  Requirements.  The Federal Reserve,  the FDIC and the OCC
(collectively,  the "Agencies") have adopted  risk-based  capital guidelines for
banks and bank holding  companies that are designed to make  regulatory  capital
requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank
holding  companies and account for off-balance  sheet items.  Failure to achieve
and maintain adequate capital levels may give rise to supervisory action through
the  issuance  of a capital  directive  to ensure the  maintenance  of  required
capital levels. Each of the Banks is in compliance with applicable capital level
requirements.

     The current guidelines require all federally  regulated banks to maintain a
minimum risk-based total capital ratio equal to 8%, of which at least 4% must be
Tier 1 capital. Tier 1 capital includes common shareholders' equity,  qualifying
perpetual   preferred  stock  and  minority  interests  in  equity  accounts  of
consolidated subsidiaries,  but excludes goodwill and most other intangibles and
the allowance for loan and lease losses.  Tier 2 capital  includes the excess of
any  preferred  stock not  included  in Tier 1  capital,  mandatory  convertible
securities, hybrid capital instruments,  subordinated debt and intermediate term
preferred stock, 45% of unrealized gain of equity securities and general reserve
for loan and lease losses up to 1.25% of risk weighted assets. None of the Banks
has received  any notice  indicating  that it will be subject to higher  capital
requirements.

     Under these  guidelines,  banks'  assets are given risk weights of 0%, 20%,
50% or 100%. Most loans are assigned to the 100% risk category, except for first
mortgage  loans  fully  secured  by  residential  property  and,  under  certain
circumstances,  residential  construction loans (both carry a 50% rating).  Most
investment securities are assigned to the 20% category,  except for municipal or
state  revenue  bonds  (which have a 50% rating)  and direct  obligations  of or
obligations guaranteed by the United States Treasury or United States Government
Agencies (which have a 0% rating).

     The Agencies have also implemented a leverage ratio, which is equal to Tier
1 capital as a percentage of average total assets less  intangibles,  to be used
as a supplement to the risk based  guidelines.  The  principal  objective of the
leverage  ratio is to limit the maximum  degree to which a bank may leverage its
equity  capital  base.  The  minimum  required  leverage  ratio  for  top  rated
institutions is 3%, but most institutions are required to maintain an additional
cushion of at least 100 to 200 basis  points.  Any  institution  operating at or
near the 3% level is expected to be a strong  banking  organization  without any
supervisory,   financial  or  operational   weaknesses  or   deficiencies.   Any
institutions  experiencing or anticipating  significant growth would be expected
to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions, well above the
minimum levels.

     Prompt Corrective Action.  Regulations  adopted by the Agencies impose even
more  stringent  capital  requirements.  The FDIC and other  Agencies  must take
certain  "prompt   corrective   action"  when  a  bank  fails  to  meet  capital
requirements.  The  regulations  establish and define five capital  levels:  (i)
"well-capitalized,"  (ii) "adequately  capitalized,"  (iii)  "undercapitalized,"
(iv)  "significantly  undercapitalized"  and (v) "critically  undercapitalized."
Increasingly  severe  restrictions  are imposed on the payment of dividends  and
management   fees,   asset  growth  and  other  aspects  of  the  operations  of
institutions  that fall below the  category of being  "adequately  capitalized".
Undercapitalized  institutions  are  required to develop and  implement  capital
plans acceptable to the appropriate  federal regulatory agency.  Such plans must
require that any company that  controls the  undercapitalized  institution  must
provide certain  guarantees that the institution will comply with the plan until
it is adequately  capitalized.  As of February 28, 2005, neither the Company nor
any of the Banks were subject to any regulatory order, agreement or directive to
meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. Furthermore,
as of that same date,  each of the Banks was  categorized as "well  capitalized"
under regulatory prompt corrective action provisions.

     Restrictions  on Dividends.  Dividends  paid to the Company by the Banks is
the major  source of Company  cash flow.  Various  federal  and state  statutory
provisions limit the amount of dividends  banking  subsidiaries are permitted to
pay to their holding  companies  without  regulatory  approval.  Federal Reserve
policy further limits the  circumstances  under which bank holding companies may
declare  dividends.  For example, a bank holding company should not continue its
existing  rate of cash  dividends  on its common  stock unless its net income is
sufficient  to fully fund each  dividend  and its  prospective  rate of earnings
retention appears  consistent with its capital needs,  asset quality and overall
financial condition.  In addition,  the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued
policy  statements  which provide that insured banks and bank holding  companies
should generally pay dividends only out of current operating  earnings.  Federal
and state  banking  regulators  may also  restrict  the payment of  dividends by
order.

                                       11
<PAGE>

     First  National,  as a national  bank,  generally  may pay  dividends  from
undivided  profits  without  restriction,  provided  that its surplus fund is at
least equal to its common stock capital fund. Boone Bank, Randall-Story Bank and
State Bank are also  restricted  under Iowa law to paying  dividends only out of
their undivided profits.  Additionally, the payment of dividends by the Banks is
affected by the requirement to maintain  adequate capital pursuant to applicable
capital  adequacy  guidelines  and  regulations,  and the  Banks  generally  are
prohibited from paying any dividends if,  following  payment  thereof,  the Bank
would be undercapitalized.

     Reserves  Against  Deposits.  The Federal  Reserve  requires all depository
institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction  accounts (primarily
checking  accounts) and non-personal  time deposits.  Generally,  reserves of 3%
must be maintained  against total  transaction  accounts of  $47,600,000 or less
(subject to an exemption not in excess of the first  $7,000,000  of  transaction
accounts).  A reserve of $1,428,000 plus 10% of amounts in excess of $47,600,000
must be maintained in the event total transaction  accounts exceed  $47,600,000.
The balances maintained to meet the reserve  requirements imposed by the Federal
Reserve  may be used  to  satisfy  applicable  liquidity  requirements.  Because
required  reserves must be maintained in the form of vault cash or a noninterest
bearing  account  at  a  Federal  Reserve  Bank,  the  effect  of  this  reserve
requirement is to reduce the earning assets of the Banks.

     Regulatory Developments

     In 2000, the Financial  Services  Modernization  Act was enacted which: (i)
repealed  historical  restrictions  on preventing  banks from  affiliating  with
securities firms; (ii) broadens the activities that may be conducted by national
banks and  banking  subsidiaries  of holding  companies;  and (iii)  provides an
enhanced  framework for  protecting  the privacy of consumers'  information.  In
addition,  bank holding  companies  may be owned,  controlled or acquired by any
company engaged in financially related activities, as long as such company meets
regulatory  requirements.  To the extent that this legislation  permits banks to
affiliate with financial services companies, the banking industry may experience
further consolidation.

     Regulatory Enforcement Authority

     The enforcement  powers  available to federal and state banking  regulators
are  substantial  and include,  among other things,  the ability to assess civil
monetary penalties,  to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and to initiate
injunctive  actions against  banking  organizations  and  institution-affiliated
parties.  In general,  enforcement  actions must be initiated for  violations of
laws and  regulations  and  unsafe  or  unsound  practices.  Other  actions,  or
inactions, may provide the basis for enforcement action, including misleading or
untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. Applicable law also requires
public disclosure of final enforcement actions by the federal banking agencies.

     National Monetary Policies

     In addition to being affected by general economic conditions,  the earnings
and growth of the Banks are affected by the  regulatory  authorities'  policies,
including the Federal Reserve.  An important  function of the Federal Reserve is
to regulate the money supply,  credit  conditions and interest rates.  Among the
instruments  used to implement  these  objectives are open market  operations in
U.S.  Government  securities,  changes  in  reserve  requirements  against  bank
deposits and the Federal Reserve Discount Rate, which is the rate charged member
banks to borrow from the Federal  Reserve Bank.  These  instruments  are used in
varying  combinations  to influence  overall growth and  distribution of credit,
bank loans,  investments  and deposits,  and their use may also affect  interest
rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.

     The monetary  policies of the Federal Reserve have had a material impact on
the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to have a
similar  impact in the future.  Also  important  in terms of effect on banks are
controls on interest  rates paid by banks on deposits and types of deposits that
may be offered by banks.  The Depository  Institutions  Deregulation  Committee,
created by Congress in 1980,  phased out  ceilings on the rate of interest  that
may be paid on deposits by commercial  banks and savings and loan  associations,
with the result  that the  differentials  between  the  maximum  rates banks and
savings and loans can pay on deposit accounts have been  eliminated.  The effect
of  deregulation  of deposit  interest rates has been to increase banks' cost of
funds and to make banks more sensitive to fluctuation in market rates.

                                       12
<PAGE>

Availability of Information on Company Website

     The  Company  files  periodic  reports  with the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission ("SEC"),  including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and current  reports on Form 8-K.  The Company  makes  available on or
through its website  free of charge all  periodic  reports  filed by the Company
with the SEC,  including any  amendments to such reports,  as soon as reasonably
practicable after such reports have been electronically  filed with the SEC. The
address of the Company's website on the Internet is: www.amesnational.com.

     The Company will provide a paper copy of these  reports free of charge upon
written or telephonic  request  directed to John P. Nelson,  Vice  President and
Secretary,  405 Fifth  Street,  Ames,  Iowa 50010 or (515)  232-6251 or by email
request at info@amesnational.com. The information found on the Company's website
is not part of this or any other report the Company files with the SEC.

Executive Officers of Company and Banks

    The  following  table sets forth  summary  information  about the executive
officers  of the Company and  certain  executive  officers of the Banks.  Unless
otherwise  indicated,  each executive officer has served in his current position
for the past five years.

Name                     Age     Position with the Company or Bank and Principal
                                 Occupation and Employment During the Past Five
                                 Years
------------------------ ------- -----------------------------------------------

Kevin G. Deardorff       50      Vice President & Technology Director of the
                                 Company.

Leo E. Herrick           63      President of United Bank commencing June, 2002.
                                 Previously, employed as Chairman of the Board
                                 and President of F&M Bank-Iowa,  Marshalltown,
                                 Iowa.
Daniel L. Krieger        68      Chairman of the Company since 2003 and
                                 President of Company since 1997. Previously
                                 served as President of First National. Also
                                 serves as a Director of the Company, Chairman
                                 of the Board and Trust Officer of First
                                 National and Chairman of the Board of Boone
                                 Bank and United Bank.

Stephen C. McGill        50      President of State Bank since 2003.  Previously
                                 served as Senior Vice President of State Bank.

John P. Nelson           38      Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer of
                                 Company. Also serves as Director of
                                 Randall-Story Bank and State Bank.

Thomas H. Pohlman        54      President of First National since 1999.
                                 Previously served as Senior Vice President of
                                 First National.

Jeffrey K. Putzier       43      President of Boone Bank since 1999.

Harold E. Thompson       59      President of Randall Story Bank since 2003.
                                 Previously served as Executive Vice President
                                 of Randall-Story State Bank.

Terrill L. Wycoff        61      Executive Vice President of First National
                                 since 2000. Previously served as served as
                                 Senior Vice President of First National.



                                       13
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company's office is housed in the main office of First National located
at 405 Fifth Street, Ames, Iowa and occupies  approximately 3,357 square feet. A
lease agreement between the Company and First National provides the Company will
make  available for use by First  National an equal amount of interior  space at
the Company's  building  located at 2330 Lincoln Way in lieu of rental payments.
The main office is owned by First  National free of any mortgage and consists of
approximately  45,000 square feet and includes a drive through banking facility.
In addition to its main office, First National conducts its business through two
full-service  offices, the University office and the North Grand office, and one
super-market  location,  the Cub Food office. All offices are located within the
city of Ames.  The North  Grand  office is owned by First  National  free of any
mortgage.  The University office is located in a 16,000 square foot multi-tenant
property  owned by the Company.  A 24-year lease  agreement with the Company has
been modified in 2002 to provide that an equal amount of interior  space will be
made  available  to the  Company at First  National's  main  office at 405 Fifth
Street in lieu of rental  payments.  First  National  will  continue to rent the
drive-up  facilities  of  approximately  1,850 square feet at this  location for
$1,200 per month.  The Cub Foods office is leased by First  National  from Super
Valu Stores under a 20 year lease with a five year initial term and three,  five
year renewal options. The current annual rental payment is $19,000.

     State Bank conducts its business from its main office located at 1025 Sixth
Street,  Nevada,  Iowa and from two additional  full-service  offices located in
McCallsburg and Colo, Iowa. All of these properties are owned by State Bank free
of any mortgage.

     Boone Bank conducts its business from its main office located at 716 Eighth
Street, Boone, Iowa and from one additional  full-service office also located in
Boone, Iowa. All properties are owned by Boone Bank free of any mortgage.

     Randall-Story  Bank conducts its business  from its main office  located at
606 Broad Street,  Story City, Iowa and from one additional  full-service office
located in Randall,  Iowa. All of these  properties  are owned by  Randall-Story
Bank free of any mortgage.

     United Bank  conducts  its  business  from its main office  located at 2101
South  Center  Street,  Marshalltown,  Iowa.  The 5,200  square foot premise was
constructed in 2002. The property is owned by United Bank free of any mortgage.

     The property the Company  owns is located at 2330 Lincoln Way,  Ames,  Iowa
consisting of a multi tenant building of approximately 16,000 square feet. First
National  leases 5,422 square feet of this  building to serve as its  University
Office.  800  square  feet of the  remaining  space is  currently  leased to two
tenants who occupy the space for business  purposes;  the remaining 7,058 square
feet of rentable space is currently unoccupied.  The Company entered into a real
estate  contract  on July 14,  2003 to  purchase  real  estate  adjacent to 2330
Lincoln Way at 2318 Lincoln Way for a total purchase price of $400,000. The 2318
Lincoln Way property  consists of a single story commercial  building with 2,400
square  feet of leased  space  that is  currently  occupied  by one  tenant  for
business  purposes.  As of  February  28,  2005,  the  contract  has not closed;
however,  the  agreement  specifies  that the closing of the contract  will take
place no later than July 31, 2006.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Banks are from time to time parties to various legal actions arising in
the normal course of business.  The Company believes that there is no threatened
or pending  proceeding  against the Company or the Banks,  which,  if determined
adversely,  would have a material  adverse  effect on the  business or financial
condition of the Company or the Banks.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS

     There  were  no  matters  submitted  to a vote of the  shareholders  of the
Company during the fourth quarter of 2004.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

     On February 28, 2005, the Company had  approximately  602  shareholders  of
record. The Company's common stock is listed on the NASDAQ SmallCap Market under
the symbol "ATLO". Trading in the Company's common stock is, however, relatively
limited.

                                       14
<PAGE>

     Based on information provided to and gathered by the Company on an informal
basis,  the  Company  believes  that the high and low sales price for the common
stock on a per share basis during the last two years is as follows:

                2004                                  2003
       ------------------------           -------------------------------
            Market Price                           Market Price
      -------------------------           -------------------------------
      Quarter    High      Low            Quarter      High          Low
      -------------------------           -------------------------------
        1st     $61.00   $58.25             1st       $48.90       $46.05
        2nd      63.50    60.00             2nd        55.25        51.50
        3rd      71.50    62.25             3rd        57.25        53.10
        4th     105.00    70.50             4th        59.75        56.75

     The Company  declared  aggregate  annual cash dividends in 2004 and 2003 of
$7,590,000 and  $7,142,000,  respectively,  or $2.42 per share in 2004 and $2.28
per share in 2003.  In February  2005,  the Company  declared an aggregate  cash
dividend of $2,353,000 or $.75 per share.  Quarterly  dividends  declared during
the last two years were as follows:

                                 2004                        2003
                          ------------------         ------------------
                            Cash dividends             Cash dividends
            Quarter       declared per share         declared per share
            -----------------------------------------------------------

              1st                $0.46                      $0.44
              2nd                 0.98                       0.92
              3rd                 0.49                       0.46
              4th                 0.49                       0.46

     The  decision  to  declare  any such cash  dividends  in the future and the
amount  thereof  rests  within the  discretion  of the Board of Directors of the
Company and will be subject to, among other things, the future earnings, capital
requirements  and  financial  condition  of the Company  and certain  regulatory
restrictions imposed on the payment of dividends by the Banks. Such restrictions
are  discussed  in greater  detail in  Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources.

                                       15
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The  following  financial  data of the  Company  for the five  years  ended
December 31, 2004 through 2000 is derived from the Company's  historical audited
financial  statements and related  footnotes.  The  information  set forth below
should be read in  conjunction  with  "Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of
Financial  Condition and Results of Operation"  and the  consolidated  financial
statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report.


<TABLE>

                                                                               Year Ended December 31
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2004         2003         2002         2001         2000
                                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
STATEMENT OF INCOME DATA
Interest income                                              $  37,354   $  35,314     $  36,270    $  41,474    $  44,018
Interest expense                                                10,564      10,339        11,663       18,883       24,261
                                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income                                             26,790      24,975        24,607       22,591       19,757
Provision for loan losses                                          479         645           688          898          460
                                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income after provision for
loan losses                                                     26,311      24,330        23,919       21,693       19,297
Noninterest income                                               5,269       6,435         5,135        5,080        4,130
Noninterest expense                                             14,935      14,819        13,276       11,587       10,712
                                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Income before provision for income tax                          16,645      15,946        15,778       15,186       12,715
Provision for income tax                                         4,255       4,321         4,438        4,639        3,596
                                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income                                                   $  12,390   $  11,625     $  11,340    $  10,547    $   9,119
                                                             =============================================================

DIVIDENDS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE DATA
Cash dividends declared                                      $   7,590   $   7,142     $   6,820    $   5,187    $   4,932
Cash dividends declared per share                                 2.42        2.28          2.18         1.66         1.58
Basic and diluted earnings per share                              3.95        3.71          3.63         3.38         2.92
Weighted average shares outstanding                          3,135,235   3,131,224     3,127,285    3,123,885    3,120,375

BALANCE SHEET DATA
Total assets                                                 $ 839,753   $ 752,786     $ 677,229    $ 622,280    $ 619,385
Net loans                                                      411,639     355,533       329,593      323,043      344,015
Deposits                                                       658,176     619,549       550,622      511,509      493,429
Stockholders' equity                                           110,924     107,325       101,523       93,622       86,177
Equity to assets ratio                                          13.21%      14.26%        14.99%       15.04%       13.91%

FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Net income                                                   $  12,390   $  11,625     $  11,340    $  10,547    $   9,119
Average assets                                                 793,076     726,945       635,816      616,971      626,560
Average stockholders' equity                                   108,004     104,141        98,282       91,373       80,081

Return on assets (net income divided by average assets)          1.56%       1.60%         1.78%        1.71%        1.46%
Return on equity  (net income divided by average equity)        11.47%      11.16%        11.54%       11.54%       11.39%
Efficiency ratio (noninterest expense divided by
  noninterest income plus net interest income)                  46.59%      47.18%        44.64%       41.87%       44.84%
Dividend payout ratio (dividends per share
  divided by net income per share)                              61.27%      61.46%        60.05%       49.11%       54.11%
Dividend yield (dividends per share divided by
  closing year-end market price)                                 3.01%       3.91%         4.69%        4.15%        2.87%
Equity to assets ratio (average equity divided
  by average assets)                                            13.62%      14.33%        15.46%       14.81%       12.78%
</TABLE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS
Overview

     Ames National  Corporation  (Company) is a bank holding company established
in 1975 that owns and operates five bank  subsidiaries  (Banks) in central Iowa.
The  following  discussion  is provided for the  consolidated  operations of the
Company and its Banks,  First National,  State Bank,  Boone Bank,  Randall-Story
Bank and United Bank. The purpose of this  discussion is to focus on significant
factors affecting the Company's financial condition and results of operations.

                                       16
<PAGE>

     The Company does not engage in any material business  activities apart from
its ownership of the Banks.  Products and services  offered by the Banks are for
commercial and consumer purposes,  including loans, deposits and trust services.
The Banks also offer investment  services  through a third-party  broker dealer.
The Company  employs ten individuals to assist with financial  reporting,  human
resources,  audit,  compliance,  technology  systems  and  the  coordination  of
management  activities,  in addition  to 174  full-time  equivalent  individuals
employed by the Banks.

     The  Company's  primary  competitive  strategy is to utilize  seasoned  and
competent  Bank  management  and local  decision  making  authority  to  provide
customers  with  prompt  response  times and  flexibility  in the  products  and
services  offered.  This  strategy  is viewed as  providing  an  opportunity  to
increase revenues through creating a competitive  advantage over other financial
institutions.  The Company  also  strives to remain  operationally  efficient to
provide  better   profitability   while  enabling  the  Company  to  offer  more
competitive loan and deposit rates.

     The  principal  sources of Company  revenues and cashflow are: (i) interest
and fees  earned on loans made by the  Banks;  (ii)  service  charges on deposit
accounts  maintained at the Banks;  (iii)  interest on fixed income  investments
held  by the  Banks;  (iv)  fees on  trust  services  provided  by  those  Banks
exercising  trust  powers;  and (v)  securities  gains and  dividends  on equity
investments held by the Company and the Banks. The Company's  principal expenses
are:  (i)  interest  expense  on deposit  accounts  and other  borrowings;  (ii)
salaries and employee  benefits;  (iii) data  processing  costs  associated with
maintaining the Banks' loan and deposit  functions;  and (iv) occupancy expenses
for maintaining the Banks' facilities. The largest component contributing to the
Company's net income is net interest  income,  which is the  difference  between
interest earned on earning assets (primarily loans and investments) and interest
paid on interest  bearing  liabilities  (primarily  deposit  accounts  and other
borrowings).  One of  management's  principal  functions is to manage the spread
between  interest earned on earning assets and interest paid on interest bearing
liabilities  in an effort to maximize net interest  income while  maintaining an
appropriate level of interest rate risk.

     The Company  reported  record net income of $12,390,000  for the year ended
December 31, 2004 compared to $11,625,000 and $11,340,000 reported for the years
ended December 31, 2003 and 2002,  respectively.  This represents an increase of
6.6% when  comparing  2004 and 2003, and an increase of 2.5% when comparing 2003
and 2002. The improvement in net income for 2004 can be attributed  primarily to
higher  net  interest  income  resulting  from a  higher  volume  of  loans  and
investments  partially  offset by lower  secondary  market  income and  security
gains. The gain in net income in 2003 over 2002 related  primarily to higher net
interest income,  secondary market income and security gains. Earnings per share
for 2004 were a record $3.95  compared to $3.71 in 2003 and $3.63 in 2002.  Each
of the Banks had profitable operations during 2004.


     The  Company's  return on average  equity for 2004 was 11.47% versus 11.16%
and 11.54% in 2003 and 2002,  respectively.  Higher net income and lower capital
levels relating to the average net unrealized  gain on securities  available for
sale contributed to the improved return on average equity in 2004. The Company's
return on average  assets for 2004 was 1.56% compared to 1.60% in 2003 and 1.78%
in 2002.  The decline in the return on average  assets in 2004 can be attributed
to growth in assets at slightly lower profitability margins.

     The following  discussion  will provide a summary review of important items
relating to:

   o   Challenges
   o   Key Performance Indicators and Industry Results
   o   Income Statement Review
   o   Balance Sheet Review
   o   Asset Quality and Credit Risk Management
   o   Liquidity and Capital Resources
   o   Interest Rate Risk

                                       17
<PAGE>

Challenges

     Management has identified  certain  challenges  that may negatively  impact
Company's  revenues in the future and is  attempting  to position the Company to
best respond to those challenges.

     o Rising  interest  rates may present a  challenge  to the Company in 2005.
       Continued increases in interest rates may negatively impact the Company's
       net  interest  margin if interest  expense  increases  more  quickly than
       interest  income.  The Company's  earning assets  (primarily its loan and
       investment  portfolio) have longer  maturities than its interest  bearing
       liabilities  (primarily deposits and other borrowings);  therefore,  in a
       rising  interest rate  environment,  interest  expense will increase more
       quickly than interest income as the interest bearing  liabilities reprice
       more quickly  than earning  assets.  In response to this  challenge,  the
       Banks  model  quarterly  the  changes in income  that would  result  from
       various  changes in interest  rates.  Management  believes  Bank  earning
       assets have the  appropriate  maturity and repricing  characteristics  to
       optimize earnings and the Banks interest rate risk positions.

     o The Company's  market in central Iowa has numerous banks,  credit unions,
       investment  and  insurance   companies  competing  for  similar  business
       opportunities. This competitive environment will continue to put downward
       pressure   on  the  Banks'  net   interest   margins   and  thus   affect
       profitability.  Strategic  planning  efforts  at the  Company  and  Banks
       continue  to focus  on  capitalizing  on the  Banks'  strengths  in local
       markets while working to identify  opportunities  for improvement to gain
       competitive advantages.

     o A substandard performance in the Company's equity portfolio could lead to
       a reduction in the historical level of realized  security gains,  thereby
       negatively impacting the Company's earnings.  The Company invests capital
       that may be utilized  for future  expansion  in a portfolio  of primarily
       financial  and utility  stocks  with an  estimated  fair market  value of
       approximately $25 million as of December 31, 2004. The Company focuses on
       stocks that have  historically  paid dividends in an effort to lessen the
       negative effects of a bear market.

Key Performance Indicators and Industry Results

     Certain key  performance  indicators  for the Company and the  industry are
presented  in the  following  chart.  The  industry  figures are compiled by the
Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  (FDIC)  and  are  derived  from  8,975
commercial  banks and  savings  institutions  insured  by the  FDIC.  Management
reviews  these  indicators  on a quarterly  basis for purposes of comparing  the
Company's performance from quarter to quarter against the industry as a whole.

Selected Indicators for the Company and the Industry

                                       Year Ended December 31,
                     ----------------------------------------------------------
                           2004                2003                2002
                     ----------------------------------------------------------
                     Company  Industry   Company  Industry  Company   Industry

Return on assets      1.56%     1.29%     1.60%     1.38%    1.78%      1.30%

Return on equity     11.47%    13.28%    11.16%    15.04%   11.54%     14.14%

Net interest margin   3.97%      3.53%    4.02%     3.73%    4.51%      3.96%

Efficiency ratio     46.59%     58.03%   47.18%    56.59%   44.64%     56.00%

Capital ratio        13.62%      8.12%   14.33%     7.88%   15.46%      7.87%

Key performances indicators include:

   o Return on Assets

     This ratio is  calculated by dividing net income by average  assets.  It is
     used to  measure  how  effectively  the  assets  of the  Company  are being
     utilized in  generating  income.  Although the  Company's  return on assets
     ratio  compares  favorably  to that of the  industry,  this ratio  declined
     slightly  in 2004 as  compared  to 2003 as  assets  grew  more  quickly  in
     relation to net  income.

                                       18
<PAGE>

   o Return on Equity

     This ratio is  calculated by dividing net income by average  equity.  It is
     used to  measure  the net income or return the  Company  generated  for the
     shareholders'  equity  investment in the Company.  The Company's  return on
     equity  ratio is below that of the  industry  primarily  as a result of the
     higher  level of  capital  the  Company  maintains  for  future  growth and
     acquisitions.  The Company's  return on equity improved in 2004 as a result
     of net income growing more quickly in relation to average equity.

   o Net Interest Margin

     The ratio is calculated by dividing net interest  income by average earning
     assets. Earning assets consist primarily of loans and investments that earn
     interest.  This  ratio is used to  measure  how well  the  Company  is able
     maintain  interest rates on earning assets above those of  interest-bearing
     liabilities,  which is the interest  expense  paid on deposit  accounts and
     other borrowings.  The Company's net interest margin compares  favorably to
     the industry;  however,  management  expects the competitive  nature of the
     Company's  market  environment  to put downward  pressure on the  Company's
     margin.

   o Efficiency Ratio

     This ratio is  calculated by dividing  noninterest  expense by net interest
     income and  noninterest  income.  The ratio is a measure  of the  Company's
     ability to manage  noninterest  expenses.  The Company's  efficiency  ratio
     compares favorably to the industry average.

   o Capital Ratio

     The capital ratio is calculated by dividing average total equity capital by
     average  total  assets.  It measures  the level of average  assets that are
     funded  by  shareholders'  equity.  Given  an  equal  level  of risk in the
     financial  condition  of two  companies,  the  higher  the  capital  ratio,
     generally the more  financially  sound the company.  The Company's  capital
     ratio is significantly higher than the industry average.

Industry Results

The FDIC  Quarterly  Banking  Profile  reported the  following  results for the
fourth quarter of 2004:

Strong loan  growth and wider  netinterest  margins did not offset the  negative
effects of merger expenses at large banks and lower gains on sales of securities
and other assets in the fourth  quarter.  Insured  commercial  banks and savings
institutions  reported $31.8 billion in net income for the quarter, a decline of
$668 million  (2.1%) from the record  earnings  registered in the third quarter.
Nevertheless,  the industry's earnings were the third-highest ever reported, and
represented a $787-million  (2.5%)  improvement over the fourth quarter of 2003.
Also, the industry's net operating  (core) income,  which does not include gains
on securities  sales, set a new quarterly  record of $30.9 billion.  The average
return on assets (ROA) was 1.28% in the fourth  quarter,  marking the first time
in two years that the industry's  quarterly ROA has been below 1.30%. Fewer than
half of all insured banks and thrifts  (48.4%) had an ROA of 1% or higher in the
fourth  quarter,  but this was an  improvement  over the fourth quarter of 2003,
when only 44.8% achieved this benchmark level of  profitability.  Almost two out
of every  three  institutions  (62.1%)  had higher net income than in the fourth
quarter of 2003.

Income Statement Review

The following highlights a comparative discussion of the major components of net
income and their impact for the last three years.

Critical Accounting Policy

     The  discussion  contained  in this Item 7 and other  disclosures  included
within this report are based on the  Company's  audited  consolidated  financial
statements.  These  statements  have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles  generally  accepted in the United  States of America.  The financial
information  contained in these  statements is, for the most part,  based on the
financial  effects  of  transactions  and  events  that have  already  occurred.
However, the preparation of these statements requires management to make certain
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses.

                                       19
<PAGE>

     The Company's  significant  accounting policies are described in the "Notes
to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements"   accompanying  the  Company's  audited
financial  statements.  Based on its  consideration of accounting  policies that
involve the most complex and subjective estimates and judgments,  management has
identified  the  allowance  for loan losses to be the  Company's  most  critical
accounting policy.

     The allowance for loan losses is  established  through a provision for loan
losses  that is treated as an expense and charged  against  earnings.  Loans are
charged  against the  allowance  for loan losses when  management  believes that
collectibility  of the  principal  is  unlikely.  The Company has  policies  and
procedures for  evaluating  the overall  credit  quality of its loan  portfolio,
including  timely  identification  of potential  problem  loans.  On a quarterly
basis,  management  reviews the  appropriate  level for the  allowance  for loan
losses,  incorporating a variety of risk  considerations,  both quantitative and
qualitative.   Quantitative   factors  include  the  Company's  historical  loss
experience,   delinquency  and  charge-off  trends,   collateral  values,  known
information  about  individual  loans and  other  factors.  Qualitative  factors
include the general  economic  environment in the Company's  market area and the
expected trend of the economic  conditions.  To the extent actual results differ
from forecasts and management's  judgment,  the allowance for loan losses may be
greater or lesser than future charge-offs.

Average Balances and Interest Rates

     The  following  two tables are used to calculate the Company's net interest
margin.  The first table  includes the Company's  average assets and the related
income to  determine  the  average  yield on earning  assets.  The second  table
includes the average  liabilities  and related  expense to determine the average
rate paid on interest bearing  liabilities.  The net interest margin is equal to
the interest income less the interest expense divided by average earning assets.

ASSETS
<TABLE>
                                                   2004                         2003                         2002
                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Average    Revenue/   Yield/   Average   Revenue/  Yield/    Average   Revenue/  Yield/
                                       balance    expense    rate     balance   expense    rate     balance   expense    rate
      (dollars in thousands)           ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest-earning assets
<S>                                   <C>         <C>       <C>      <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>        <C>       <C>
Loans
Commercial                             $ 48,775   $ 2,548    5.22%   $ 38,288   $ 2,163    5.65%   $ 42,948   $ 3,042   7.08%
Agricultural                             28,406     1,839    6.47%     25,962     1,783    6.87%     25,274     1,895   7.50%
Real estate                             285,087    17,169    6.02%    264,494    16,909    6.39%    229,805    16,929   7.37%
Consumer and other                       23,079     1,317    5.71%     21,068     1,342    6.37%     19,494     1,341   6.88%
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total loans (including fees)           $385,347   $22,873    5.94%   $349,812   $22,197    6.35%   $317,521   $23,207   7.31%

Investment securities
Taxable                                $213,043   $ 8,911    4.18%   $162,273   $ 7,925    4.88%   $142,089   $ 8,414   5.92%
Tax-exempt                              127,048     8,125    6.40%    101,482     6,820    6.72%     78,171     5,797   7.42%
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total investment securities            $340,091   $17,036    5.01%   $263,755   $14,745    5.59%   $220,260   $14,211   6.45%

Interest bearing deposits with
banks                                    $8,713   $   130    1.49%   $  4,511   $    62    1.37%   $    534   $    14   2.62%
Federal funds sold                       11,630       159    1.37%     60,293       628    1.04%     51,206       810   1.58%

                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Interest-earning assets          $745,781   $40,198    5.39%   $678,371   $37,632    5.55%   $589,521   $38,242   6.49%

Noninterest-earning assets
Cash and due from banks                $ 27,581                      $ 27,733                      $ 28,206
Premises and equipment, net               8,517                         8,599                         7,912
Other, less allowance for loan
  losses                                 11,197                        12,242                        10,177
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total noninterest-earning assets        $47,295                      $ 48,574                      $ 46,295
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL ASSETS                           $793,076                      $726,945                      $635,816
                                       ======================================================================================
<FN>
1   Average loan balance  includes  nonaccrual  loans,  if any.  Interest income
    collected on nonaccrual loans has been included.

2   Tax-exempt  income has been  adjusted  to a  tax-equivalent  basis  using an
    incremental tax rate of 35% in 2004 and 34% for prior years.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       20
<PAGE>

Average Balances and Interest Rates(continued)

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
<TABLE>

                                               2004                          2003                        2002
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Average    Revenue/  Yield/   Average    Revenue/  Yield/  Average   Revenue/  Yield/
                                   balance    expense    rate    balance    expense   rate    balance   expense    rate
    (dollars in thousands)         -------    -------   -----    -------    -------   -----   -------   -------    -----
<S>                               <C>         <C>      <C>     <C>          <C>      <C>     <C>         <C>       <C>
Interest-bearing liabilities
Deposits
Savings, NOW accounts,
and money markets                  $329,410   $ 3,210    0.97%   $298,885   $ 2,758   0.92%   $260,426  $ 3,393    1.30%
Time deposits < $100,000            173,581     4,974    2.87%    170,534     5,480   3.21%    152,703    6,107    4.00%
Time deposits > $100,000             70,076     1,759    2.51%     65,759     1,807   2.75%     51,428    1,898    3.69%
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total deposits                     $573,067   $ 9,943    1.74%   $535,178   $10,045   1.88%   $464,557  $11,398    2.45%
Other borrowed funds                 38,211       620    1.62%     19,588       293   1.50%     13,887      265    1.91%
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Interest-bearing
liabilities                        $611,278   $10,563    1.73%   $554,766   $10,338   1.86%   $478,444  $11,663    2.44%
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Noninterest-bearing liabilities
Demand deposits                    $ 65,785                      $ 59,614                     $ 53,318
Other liabilities                     8,009                         8,424                        5,772
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stockholders' equity               $108,004                      $104,141                     $ 98,282
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY               $793,076                      $726,945                     $635,816
                                   =====================================================================================

Net interest income                           $29,635    3.97%              $27,294   4.02%             $26,579    4.51%
                                   =====================================================================================
Spread Analysis
Interest income/average assets                $40,198    5.07%              $37,632   5.18%             $38,242    6.01%
Interest expense/average assets                10,563    1.33%               10,334   1.42%              11,663    1.83%
Net interest income/average
  assets                                       29,635    3.74%               27,294   3.76%              26,579    4.18%
</TABLE>

Rate and Volume Analysis

     The rate and volume analysis is used to determine how much of the change in
interest  income or  expense  is the result of a change in volume or a change in
interest rate. For example,  real estate interest income  increased  $260,000 in
2004 compared to 2003. An increased volume of real estate loans added $1,272,000
in income in 2004; however, lower interest rates reduced interest income in 2004
by $1,012,000, a net difference of $260,000.

                                       21
<PAGE>

     The following table sets forth, on a tax-equivalent basis, a summary of the
changes in net interest income resulting from changes in volume and rates.

<TABLE>

              (dollars in thousands)             2004 Compared to 2003           2003 Compared to 2002
                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
                                             Volume      Rate      Total       Volume    Rate      Total
<S>                                          <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Interest Income
Loans
Commercial                                   $  559   $  (174)    $  385       $ (307)  $  (572)   $  (879)
Agricultural                                    163      (107)        56           50      (162)      (112)
Real estate                                   1,272    (1,012)       260        2,384    (2,404)       (20)
Consumer and other                              121      (146)       (25)         104      (103)         1
                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Total loans (including fees)                 $2,115   $(1,439)    $  676       $2,231   $(3,241)   $(1,010)

Investment securities
Taxable                                      $2,234   $(1,248)    $  986       $1,103   $(1,592)   $  (489)
Tax-exempt                                    1,644      (339)     1,305        1,608      (585)     1,023
                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Total investment
securities                                   $3,878   $(1,587)    $2,291       $2,711   $(2,177)   $   534
                                                 62         6         68           58       (10)        48
Interest bearing deposits with banks           (622)      153     $ (469)         127      (309)      (182)
Federal funds sold                           -------------------------------------------------------------
                                             $5,433   $(2,867)    $2,566       $5,127   $(5,737)   $  (610)
Total Interest-earning assets
Interest-bearing liabilities
Deposits
Savings, NOW accounts, and money markets     $  285   $   167     $  452       $  452   $(1,086)   $  (634)
Time deposits < $100,000                         96      (602)      (506)         663    (1,290)      (627)
Time deposits > $100,000                        119      (167)       (48)         457      (548)       (91)
                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Total deposits                               $  500   $  (602)    $ (102)      $1,572   $(2,924)   $(1,352)
Other borrowed funds                            281        46        327           93       (68)        25
                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Total Interest-bearing liabilities           $  781   $  (556)    $  225       $1,665   $(2,992)   $(1,327)
                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income/earning assets           $4,652   $(2,311)    $2,341       $3,462   $(2,745)   $   717
<FN>
1    The change in interest due to both volume and yield/rate has been allocated
     to change due to volume and change due to  yield/rate  in proportion to the
     absolute value of the change in each.
</FN>
</TABLE>

Net Interest Income

     The Company's largest component  contributing to net income is net interest
income, which is the difference between interest earned on earning assets (which
are  primarily  loans and  investments)  and interest  paid on interest  bearing
liabilities (which are primarily  deposits accounts and other  borrowings).  The
volume of and yields  earned on  earning  assets and the volume of and the rates
paid on interest bearing liabilities determine net interest income. Refer to the
tables  preceding  this  paragraph for additional  detail.  Interest  earned and
interest  paid is also  affected by general  economic  conditions,  particularly
changes in market interest rates,  and by government  policies and the action of
regulatory authorities. Net interest income divided by average earning assets is
referred to as net interest  margin.  For the years December 31, 2004,  2003 and
2002,   the  Company's  net  interest   margin  was  3.97%,   4.02%  and  4.51%,
respectively.  Yields on earning assets  declined  slightly faster than those of
interest  bearing  liabilities  and led to a slight decline in the Company's net
interest margin in 2004.  Assets repricing to lower market rates resulted in the
decline in net interest margin in 2003 from 2002.

     The high level of  competition  in the local  markets will  continue to put
downward pressure on the net interest margin of the Company into the foreseeable
future.  Currently,  the Company's largest market,  Ames, Iowa, has seven banks,
three  thrifts,  four  credit  unions and  several  other  financial  investment
companies.  Multiple banks are also located in the Company's  other  communities
creating similarly competitive environments.

                                       22
<PAGE>

     Net  interest  income  during  2004,  2003  and 2002  totaled  $26,790,000,
$24,975,000 and $24,607,000, respectively, representing a 7.27% increase in 2004
from 2003 and a 1.50%  increase  in 2003  compared to 2002.  A higher  volume of
earning  assets was primary  reason for the increase in net  interest  income in
2004.  The higher  net  interest  income in 2003  resulted  from lower  interest
expense  as the  Company  was able to lower  rates  paid on  deposits  and other
borrowings more quickly than rates declined on loans and investments.

Provision for Loan Losses

     The provision for loan losses reflects management's judgment of the expense
to be recognized in order to maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses. The
Company  provided a $479,000  provision  for loan losses during 2004 compared to
$645,000 in 2003 and $688,000 in 2002. Net charge-offs declined significantly in
2004 and was the  primary  reason for the lower  level of  provision  expense in
2004.  In 2003 and 2002,  net  charge-offs  approximated  55% of the total  loan
provisions  while loan  growth was the  primary  contributor  for the  remaining
provisions. Refer to the Asset Quality and Credit Risk Management discussion for
additional detail with regard to loan loss provision expense.

     Management  believes the allowance for loan losses to be adequate to absorb
probable  losses  in  the  current  portfolio.  This  statement  is  based  upon
management's  continuing  evaluation  of  inherent  risks  in the  current  loan
portfolio, current levels of classified assets and general economic factors. The
Company will continue to monitor the allowance  and make future  adjustments  to
the allowance as conditions dictate.

Noninterest Income and Expense

     Total noninterest income is comprised  primarily of fee-based revenues from
trust and agency services,  bank related service charges on deposit  activities,
net  securities  gains  generated  primarily by the Company's  equity  holdings,
merchant  and ATM fees  related to  electronic  processing  of merchant and cash
transactions and secondary market income.

     Noninterest   income  during  2004,  2003  and  2002  totaled   $5,269,000,
$6,435,000 and $5,135,000, respectively, representing an 18.12% decrease in 2004
from 2003 and a 25.33%  increase in 2003 compared  2002. The decrease in 2004 is
the  result of lower  secondary  market  income  and net  securities  gains that
increased  over 56% in 2003 from 2002.  In 2003,  low  interest  rates  fueled a
record year in mortgage refinancing resulting in record secondary market income.
The Company  also  realized a higher level of  securities  gains in 2003 through
liquidating  equity  holdings  that  no  longer  fit  the  Company's  long  term
investment strategy.

     Noninterest  expense for the Company  consists  of all  operating  expenses
other than interest expense on deposits and other borrowed funds.  Historically,
the  Company  has  not  had  any  material  expenses  relating  to  discontinued
operations,  extraordinary  losses or  adjustments  from a change in  accounting
principles.  Salaries  and employee  benefits  are the largest  component of the
Company's  operating  expenses and comprise  60.39% of  noninterest  expenses in
2004.

     Noninterest  expense  during  2004,  2003  and  2002  totaled  $14,935,000,
$14,820,000 and $13,276,000, respectively, representing a 0.78% increase in 2004
versus 2003 and an 11.62%  increase in 2003 compared to 2002.  The retirement of
several higher paid senior officers allowed for stable non-interest  expense for
the year  ended  December  31,  2004  compared  to the same  period in 2003.  An
increase in salaries and employee  benefits was the largest  contributor  to the
increase  in  operating  expenses in 2003 and related  primarily  to  additional
staffing at United Bank as a result of its significant growth. The percentage of
noninterest  expense to average assets was 1.88% in 2004,  compared to 2.04% and
2.09% during 2003 and 2002, respectively.

Provision for Income Taxes

     The  provision  for income  taxes for 2004,  2003 and 2002 was  $4,255,000,
$4,321,000 and $4,438,000, respectively. This amount represents an effective tax
rate of 25.57%  during  2004,  compared  to 27.10% and 28.13% for 2003 and 2002,
respectively.  The  Company's  marginal  federal tax rate is currently  35%. The
difference  between the  Company's  effective and marginal tax rate is primarily
related to investments made in tax exempt securities. The average balance of tax
exempt securities increased $25,566,000 in 2004 compared to 2003.

                                       23
<PAGE>

Balance Sheet Review

     The  Company's  assets  are  comprised  primarily  of loans and  investment
securities. Average earning asset maturity or repricing dates are less than five
years for the combined  portfolios as the assets are funded for the most part by
short term deposits  with either  immediate  availability  or less than one year
average  maturities.  This exposes the Company to risk with regard to changes in
interest  rates  that  are  more  fully  explained  in Item  7A of  this  report
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk".

     Total assets  increased to $839,753,000 in 2004 compared to $752,786,000 in
2003,  an 11.55%  increase.  First  National,  State Bank and United Bank posted
double digit growth in assets versus one year ago.

Loan Portfolio

     Net loans for the year ended December 31, 2004,  increased to  $411,639,000
from  $355,533,000 as of December 31, 2003, an increase of 15.78%.  The increase
in  loan  volume  can be  primarily  attributed  to  growth  in the  commercial,
commercial real estate and residential  loan  portfolios.  Loans are the primary
contributor to the Company's revenues and cash flows. The average yield on loans
was 93 and 76 basis  points  higher  in 2004 and  2003,  respectively,  than the
average  tax-equivalent  investment portfolio yields for the same periods in the
previous year.

Types of Loans

     The  following  table  sets forth the  composition  of the  Company's  loan
portfolio for the past five years ending at December 31, 2004 .

                                ------------------------------------------------
                                  2004      2003      2002      2001      2000
      (dollars in thousands)    ------------------------------------------------
Real Estate
   Construction                 $ 21,042  $ 13,126  $ 13,518  $ 12,677  $ 12,221
   1-4 family residential         97,612    84,645    81,239    84,379    97,663
   Commercial                    160,176   150,723   136,351   117,211   112,415
   Agricultural                   27,443    24,297    21,693    21,029    21,095
Commercial                        57,189    38,555    40,097    45,631    53,955
Agricultural                      30,713    27,815    26,022    27,367    28,199
Consumer and other                24,584    23,242    19,921    20,920    24,576
                                ------------------------------------------------
Total loans                      418,759   362,403   338,841   329,214   350,124
Deferred loan fees, net              644       819       777       725       736
                                ------------------------------------------------
Total loans net of deferred
  fees                          $418,115  $361,584  $338,064  $328,489  $349,388

     The Company's  loan  portfolio  consists of real estate  loans,  commercial
loans,  agricultural  loans and consumer loans.  As of December 31, 2004,  gross
loans totaled  approximately  $419 million,  which equals  approximately  64% of
total deposits and 50% of total assets.  The Company's peer group (consisting of
353 bank holding  companies with total assets of $500 to $1,000 million) loan to
deposit ratio as of September 30, 2004 was a much higher 86%. The primary factor
relating  to the lower loan to deposit  ratio for the  Company  compared to peer
group averages is a more conservative  underwriting  philosophy.  As of December
31,  2004,  the majority of the loans were  originated  directly by the Banks to
borrowers within the Banks'  principal market areas.  There are no foreign loans
outstanding during the years presented.

     Real estate loans  include  various types of loans for which the Banks hold
real  property  as  collateral  and  consist of loans  primarily  on  commercial
properties and single family residences.  Real estate loans typically have fixed
rates for up to five years,  with the Company's loan policy permitting a maximum
fixed rate maturity of up to 15 years. The majority of construction  loan volume
is to contractors to construct  commercial  buildings and these loans  generally
have maturities of up to 12 months. The Banks originate  residential real estate
loans for sale to the secondary market for a fee.

     Commercial  loans  consist  primarily  of loans to  businesses  for various
purposes, including revolving lines to finance current operations,  floor-plans,
inventory  and  accounts  receivable;   capital  expenditure  loans  to  finance
equipment and other fixed assets;  and letters of credit.  These loans generally
have short  maturities,  have either adjustable or fixed rates and are unsecured
or secured by inventory, accounts receivable, equipment and/or real estate.

     Agricultural  loans play an important  part in the Banks' loan  portfolios.
Iowa is a major  agricultural  state and is a national  leader in both grain and
livestock production.  The Banks play a significant role in their communities in
financing operating, livestock and real estate activities for area producers.

                                       24
<PAGE>

     Consumer loans include loans extended to individuals for household,  family
and other personal  expenditures not secured by real estate. The majority of the
Banks'  consumer  lending is for  vehicles,  consolidation  of  personal  debts,
household appliances and improvements.

     The  interest  rates  charged on loans vary with the degree of risk and the
amount and maturity of the loan. Competitive  pressures,  market interest rates,
the availability of funds and government  regulation  further influence the rate
charged on a loan.  The Banks follow a loan policy,  which has been  approved by
both the board of  directors  of the Company  and the Banks,  and is overseen by
both Company and Bank  management.  These  policies  establish  lending  limits,
review and grading criteria and other guidelines such as loan administration and
allowance  for loan losses.  Loans are approved by the Banks' board of directors
and/or  designated  officers  in  accordance  with  respective   guidelines  and
underwriting policies of the Company.  Credit limits generally vary according to
the type of loan and the individual loan officer's experience.  Loans to any one
borrower are limited by applicable state and federal banking laws.

Maturities  and  Sensitivities  of  Loans to  Changes  in  Interest  Rates as of
December 31, 2004

     The  contractual  maturities of the Company's  loan  portfolio are as shown
below.  Actual  maturities  may  differ  from  contractual   maturities  because
individual  borrowers  may  have the  right  to  prepay  loans  with or  without
prepayment penalties.

                                           After one
                                            year but
                                 Within      within       After
                                one year   five years  five years     Total
       (dollars in thousands)  ---------------------------------------------

Real Estate
   Construction                 $10,154    $  2,400    $  8,488     $ 21,042
   1-4 family residential         3,968      41,797      51,847       97,612
   Commercial                    14,670     113,706      31,800      160,176
   Agricultural                   1,262       7,639      18,542       27,443
Commercial                       38,122      14,823       4,244       57,189
Agricultural                     19,141       8,473       3,099       30,713
Consumer and other                2,563      15,328       6,693       24,584
                                --------------------------------------------
Total loans                     $89,880    $204,166    $124,713     $418,759


                                                    After one
                                                    year but
                                                     within       After
                                                   five years  five years
                                                   ----------------------
Loan maturities after one year with:
Fixed rates                                         $174,184    $ 42,045
Variable rates                                        29,982      82,668
                                                    --------------------
                                                    $204,166    $124,713


Loans Held For Sale

     Mortgage  origination  funding  awaiting  delivery to the secondary  market
totaled  $234,000 and  $859,000 as of December 31, 2004 and 2003,  respectively.
Residential  mortgage  loans are  originated  by the  Banks and sold to  several
secondary  mortgage market outlets based upon customer  product  preferences and
pricing  considerations.  The  mortgages  are sold in the  secondary  market  to
eliminate  interest rate risk and to generate secondary market fee income. It is
not  anticipated  at the  present  time that loans  held for sale will  become a
significant portion of total assets.

Investment Portfolio

     Total investments as of December 31, 2004 were $363,460,000, an increase of
$40,344,000  or 12% from the prior year end. As of  December  31, 2004 and 2003,
the investment portfolio comprised 43% of total assets.

                                       25
<PAGE>

     The  following  table  presents  the market  values,  which  represent  the
carrying values due to the available-for-sale  classification,  of the Company's
investment portfolio as of December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.  This
portfolio  provides the Company with a significant amount of liquidity since all
of the  investments  are considered  available for sale as of December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002.

                                      -------------------------------------
                                        2004          2003           2002
        (dollars in thousands)        -------------------------------------

U.S. treasury securities              $    531      $  2,229       $  4,208
U.S. government agencies               137,634       118,637         85,780
States and political subdivisions      113,818       105,963         70,516
Corporate bonds                         77,573        63,586         56,357
Equity securities                       33,904        32,701         27,714
                                      -------------------------------------
Total                                 $363,460      $323,116       $244,575

     Investments  in states and political  subdivisions  represent  purchases of
municipal bonds located primarily in the state of Iowa and contiguous states.

     Investment in other  securities  includes  corporate  debt  obligations  of
companies  located and doing business  throughout  the United  States.  The debt
obligations  were all  within  the credit  ratings  acceptable  under the Banks'
investment  policies.  As of  December  31,  2004,  the  Company  did  not  have
securities from a single issuer,  except for the United States Government or its
agencies,  which exceeded 10% of consolidated  stockholders'  equity. The equity
securities  portfolio  consists  primarily of financial and utility stocks as of
December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002.

Investment Maturities as of December 31, 2004

     The  investments  in  the  following  table  are  reported  by  contractual
maturity.  Expected  maturities may differ from contractual  maturities  because
borrowers  may have the  right to call or  prepay  obligations  with or  without
prepayment penalties.

<TABLE>
                                                   After one     After five
                                                    year but     years but
                                       Within        within        within       After
                                      one year     five years    ten years    ten years     Total
        (dollars in thousands)        ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>        <C>
U.S. treasury
                                      $     -       $      -      $   531      $     -    $    531
U.S. government agencies                9,691        102,607       18,546        6,790     137,634
States and political subdivisions       5,867         33,271       46,760       27,920     113,818
Corporate bonds                         4,891         58,871       13,811            -      77,573
                                      ------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                 $20,449       $194,749      $79,648      $34,710    $329,556

Weighted average yield
U.S. treasury
                                           -              -         5.19%           -        5.19%
U.S. government agencies                4.60%          3.30%        4.49%        4.46%       3.63%
States and political subdivisions*      5.27%          5.36%        6.68%        6.15%       6.09%
Corporate bonds
                                        4.55%          4.53%        5.31%           -        4.67%
                                      ------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                   4.78%          4.03%        5.93%        5.81%       4.73%
<FN>
*    Yields on tax-exempt  obligations of states and political subdivisions have
     been computed on a tax-equivalent basis.
</FN>
</TABLE>

Deposits

Types of Deposits

     Total deposits  equaled  $658,176,000  and  $619,549,000 as of December 31,
2004 and 2003,  respectively.  The increase of $38,627,000  can be attributed to
deposit  growth at four of the five Banks,  with United Bank and First  National
posting the largest  increases of  $16,656,000  and  $14,861,000,  respectively.
Average  deposits for the year ended December 31, 2004 were  $37,889,000  higher
than the same period in 2003. The deposit  category  seeing the largest  balance
increases were NOW accounts.

                                       26
<PAGE>

     The Company's  primary  source of funds is customer  deposits.  The Company
attempts to attract  noninterest-bearing  deposits, which are a low-cost funding
source.  In  addition,  the Banks offer a variety of  interest-bearing  accounts
designed to attract both  short-term and  longer-term  deposits from  customers.
Interest-bearing  accounts earn interest at rates established by Bank management
based on  competitive  market  factors and the Company's  need for funds.  While
nearly 57% of the Banks'  certificates of deposit mature in the next year, it is
anticipated  that a  majority  of  these  certificates  will  be  renewed.  Rate
sensitive certificates of deposits in excess of $100,000 are subject to somewhat
higher  volatility with regard to renewal volume as the Banks adjust rates based
upon funding needs. In the event a substantial  volume of  certificates  are not
renewed,  the Company has sufficient  liquid assets and borrowing  lines to fund
significant  runoff.  A  sustained  reduction  in  deposit  volume  would have a
significant  negative  impact on the  Company's  operation  and  liquidity.  The
Company  traditionally  has not  relied  upon  brokered  deposits  and  does not
anticipate utilizing such funds at the present time.

Average Deposits by Type

     The following table sets forth the average balances for each major category
of deposit and the weighted  average  interest rate paid for deposits during the
years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.
<TABLE>
                                      ----------------------------------------------------
                                            2004               2003              2002
                                      ----------------------------------------------------
                                       Amount    Rate    Amount    Rate    Amount    Rate
          (dollars in thousands)      ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>

Noninterest bearing demand deposits   $ 65,785          $ 59,614     -    $ 53,318     -
Interest bearing demand deposits       154,332   0.80%   130,138   0.70%   115,494   1.00%
Money market deposits                  146,479   1.25%   143,478   1.20%   120,446   1.71%
Savings deposits                        28,599   0.47%    25,269   0.50%    24,486   0.71%
Time certificates < $100,000           173,581   2.87%   170,534   3.21%   152,703   4.00%
Time certificates > $100,000            70,076   2.51%    65,759   2.75%    51,428   3.69%
                                      ----------------------------------------------------
                                      $638,852          $594,792          $517,875
</TABLE>

Deposit Maturity

     The  following  table shows the amounts and  remaining  maturities  of time
certificates  of deposit  that had  balances of $100,000 and over as of December
31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.

                                                  2004         2003        2002
         (dollars in thousands)                 --------------------------------
3 months or less                                $20,613      $23,801     $15,162
Over 3 through 12 months                         29,217       29,896      25,939
Over 12 through 36 months                        17,131       11,374       9,281
Over 36 months                                    2,103        4,416       4,182
                                                --------------------------------
Total                                           $69,064      $69,487     $54,564

Borrowed Funds

     Borrowed funds that may be utilized by the Company are comprised of Federal
Home  Loan  Bank  (FHLB)  advances,   federal  funds  purchased  and  repurchase
agreements. Borrowed funds are an alternative funding source to deposits and can
be used to fund the  Company's  assets  and  unforeseen  liquidity  needs.  FHLB
advances are loans from the FHLB that can mature daily or have longer maturities
for fixed or floating rates of interest.  Federal funds purchased are borrowings
from  other  banks  that  mature  daily.  Securities  sold  under  agreement  to
repurchase  (repurchase  agreements)  are  similar to deposits as they are funds
lent by various Bank customers;  however, the bank pledges investment securities
to secure such borrowings.  The Company's repurchase agreements normally reprice
daily.  The Company does not have any FHLB advances or federal  funds  purchased
outstanding as of December 31, 2004.

                                       27
<PAGE>

     The following table  summarizes the outstanding  amount of, and the average
rate on, borrowed funds as of December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.
<TABLE>
                                           2004                     2003                   2002
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                Average                 Average                  Average
                                     Balance      Rate       Balance       Rate       Balance      Rate
         (dollars in thousands)      -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>      <C>            <C>       <C>           <C>
FHLB advances                        $    -         -       $    -          -        $    -          -
Federal funds purchased and
repurchase agreements                 64,072      1.99%      18,199       1.39%       18,326       1.50%
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                $64,072      1.99%     $18,199       1.39%      $18,326       1.50%
</TABLE>

Average Annual Borrowed Funds

     The following table sets forth the average amount of, the average rate paid
and maximum  outstanding balance on, borrowed funds for the years ended December
31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.
<TABLE>

                                         2004                      2003                     2002
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    Average       Average     Average      Average      Average      Average
                                    Balance         Rate      Balance       Rate        Balance       Rate
          dollars in thousands)     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>             <C>       <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>
FHLB advances                       $     -           -       $    -         -          $    47       4.26%
Federal funds purchased
& repurchase agreements               38,211        1.62%      19,588       1.48%        13,840       1.91%
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                               $ 38,211        1.62%     $19,588       1.48%       $13,887       1.91%

Maximum Amount Outstanding
  during the year:
  FHLB advances                     $      -                  $     -                   $ 1,000
  Federal funds purchased
  and repurchase agreements           65,391                   22,728                    18,326
</TABLE>

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements

     The Company is party to financial instruments with  off-balance-sheet  risk
in  the  normal  course  of  business.   These  financial   instruments  include
commitments  to extend  credit and standby  letters of credit.  The  instruments
involve,  to varying  degrees,  elements  of credit risk in excess of the amount
recognized in the balance sheet. For additional  information,  see footnote 9 of
the "Notes to Consolidated Statements".

Asset Quality Review and Credit Risk Management

     The  Company's  credit  risk is centered  in the loan  portfolio,  which on
December  31,  2004  totaled  $411,639,000  as compared  to  $355,533,000  as of
December 31, 2003, an increase of 15.78%.  Loans comprise 49% of total assets as
of the end of 2004.  The object in managing loan portfolio risk is to reduce the
risk of loss  resulting  from a customer's  failure to perform  according to the
terms of a  transaction  and to quantify  and manage  credit risk on a portfolio
basis. As the following chart  indicates,  the Company's  credit risk management
practices  have  resulted  in a low level of  non-performing  assets  that total
$2,748,000 as of December 31, 2004.  The Company's  level of problem assets as a
percentage of assets of 0.33% compares favorably to the average for FDIC insured
institutions as of September 30, 2004 of 0.61%.

                                       28
<PAGE>

Non-performing Assets

     The  following  table  sets  forth  information  concerning  the  Company's
non-performing assets for the past five years ending
December 31, 2004.
<TABLE>

                                       2004           2003          2002          2001           2000
        (dollars in thousands)         ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>             <C>
Non-performing assets:
Nonaccrual loans                       $1,896        $1,756        $2,015        $2,692          $2,663
Loans 90 days or more past due
  and still accruing                       80           431           394           797             242
                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
Other real estate owned                 1,976         2,187         2,409         3,489           2,905
                                          772           159           295           159              75
Total non-performing assets            ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $2,748        $,2,346       $2,704        $3,648          $2,980
</TABLE>

     The  accrual  of  interest  on  non-accrual  and  other  impaired  loans is
discontinued at 90 days or when, in the opinion of management,  the borrower may
be  unable to meet  payments  as they  become  due.  When  interest  accrual  is
discontinued,  all unpaid  accrued  interest  is  reversed.  Interest  income is
subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received.  Interest
income on restructured loans is recognized pursuant to the terms of the new loan
agreement.  Interest  income on other impaired loans is monitored and based upon
the terms of the underlying loan agreement. However, the recorded net investment
in impaired loans,  including accrued interest,  is limited to the present value
of the expected  cash flows of the impaired loan or the  observable  fair market
value of the loan's collateral.

     Outstanding  loans of $481,000  were placed on  non-accrual  status in 2004
with total  non-accrual  loans  equaling  $1,896,000  as of December  31,  2004.
Outstanding  loans of $200,000  were placed on  non-accrual  status in 2003 with
total non-accrual loans equaling $1,756,000 as of December 31, 2003. Outstanding
loans  of  $383,000  were  placed  on  non-accrual  status  in 2002  with  total
non-accrual  loans  equaling  $2,015,000  as of December 31, 2002. A real estate
loan at First  National  with a December 31, 2004 and 2003 balance of $1,305,000
is the largest non-performing asset. For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003
and 2002,  interest  income,  which would have been recorded  under the original
terms  of  such  loans  was  approximately  $239,000,   $179,000  and  $160,000,
respectively, with $211,000, $177,000 and $17,000, respectively, recorded. Loans
greater  than 90 days past due and still  accruing  interest  were  $80,000  and
$431,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

Summary of the Allowance for Loan Losses

     The  provision  for loan  losses  represents  an  expense  charged  against
earnings to maintain an adequate  allowance  for loan losses.  The allowance for
loan losses is  management's  best estimate of probable  losses  inherent in the
loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date.  Factors considered in establishing
an appropriate  allowance include:  an assessment of the financial  condition of
the  borrower;  a realistic  determination  of value and adequacy of  underlying
collateral; the condition of the local economy and the condition of the specific
industry  of the  borrower;  an  analysis  of the  levels  and  trends  of  loan
categories; and a review of delinquent and classified loans.

     The adequacy of the  allowance  for loan losses is  evaluated  quarterly by
management and the respective Bank boards.  This evaluation  focuses on specific
loan  reviews,  changes in the type and volume of the loan  portfolio  given the
current and forecasted economic  conditions and historical loss experience.  Any
one of the  following  conditions  may result in the review of a specific  loan:
concern about whether the  customer's  cash flow or net worth are  sufficient to
repay  the  loan;  delinquent  status;  criticism  of the  loan in a  regulatory
examination;  the  accrual of interest  has been  suspended;  or other  reasons,
including  when the loan has other  special  or  unusual  characteristics  which
warrant special monitoring.

     While  management uses available  information to recognize losses on loans,
further  reductions in the carrying  amounts of loans may be necessary  based on
changes in local economic conditions.  In addition,  regulatory agencies,  as an
integral part of their examination  process,  periodically  review the estimated
losses on loans.  Such agencies may require the Company to recognize  additional
losses based on their judgment about  information  available to them at the time
of their examination.

                                       29
<PAGE>

Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses

     The Company's policy is to charge-off loans when, in management's  opinion,
the  loan is  deemed  uncollectible,  although  concerted  efforts  are  made to
maximize future recoveries. The following table sets forth information regarding
changes in the  Company's  allowance  for loan  losses for the most  recent five
years.

<TABLE>

                                                   2004        2003        2002        2001         2000
          (dollars in thousands)                ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>
Balance at beginning of period                  $  6,051    $  5,758    $  5,446    $  5,373     $  4,986
Charge-offs:
Real Estate
   Construction                                        -          24           -           -            -
   1-4 Family Residential                             19           5           -           -            -
   Commercial                                         93           -          40           -            -
Agricultural                                           -           -           -           -            -
Commercial                                             3         392         235         768           55
Agricultural                                           -           -           -           -            -
Consumer and other                                   115          43         155          83           96
                                                ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                     230         464         430         852          151
Recoveries:
Real Estate
   Construction                                        -           -           -           -            -
   1-4 Family Residential                              -           -          20           -            -
   Commercial                                          -           -           -           -            -
   Agricultural                                        -           -           -           -            -
Commercial                                            13         100          14           8           66
Agricultural                                           -           -           -           -            -
Consumer and other                                   163          12          20          19           12
                                                ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                     176         112          54          27           78

Net charge-offs                                       54         352         376         825           73
Additions charged to
  operations                                         479         645         688         898          460
                                                ---------------------------------------------------------
Balance at end of period                        $  6,476      $6,051      $5,758      $5,446       $5,373


Average Loans Outstanding                       $385,347    $349,812    $317,521    $341,440     $339,115

Ratio of net charge-offs during the
period to average loans
outstanding                                        0.01%       0.11%       0.12%       0.24%        0.02%

Ratio of allowance for loan losses
to total loans net of deferred fees                1.55%       1.67%       1.70%       1.65%        1.54%
</TABLE>

     The allowance for loan losses increased to $6,476,000 at the end of 2004 in
comparison to the allowance of $6,051,000 at year end 2003.  The increase can be
primarily  attributed to the growth of general  reserves at First National.  The
increase in the  reserve  levels in 2003 relate  primarily  to general  reserves
established  by  United  Bank.  The 2002  increase  relates  primarily  to First
National  as the result of higher  specific  reserves  for two  problem  credits
identified by management  prior to 2002 and a large specific reserve for a newly
downgraded  problem loan in 2002.  Problem commercial leases identified at First
National in 2001 led to higher provision  expense,  net charge-offs and specific
reserves  as  credit  weaknesses  were  identified  in  2001.   General  reserve
allocations remained consistent in 2004 with prior years.

                                       30
<PAGE>

     General  reserves for loan categories  normally range from 1.00 to 1.30% of
the outstanding  loan balances.  As loan volume  increases,  the general reserve
levels  increase  with  that  growth.  As the  previous  table  indicates,  loan
provisions  have  been  trending  downward  since  2001  as  the  level  of  net
charge-offs  has  declined.  The general  reserve  loss  factors  have  remained
consistent  over the  five-year  period  presented.  The  allowance  relating to
commercial real estate and 1-4 family  residential loans are the largest reserve
components. Commercial real estate loans have higher general reserve levels than
other  real  estate  loans as  management  perceives  more  risk in this type of
lending.  Elements contributing to the higher risk level include  susceptibility
of businesses to changing  environmental  factors such as the economic  business
cycle,  the larger  individual loan amounts,  a limited number of buyers and the
specialized uses for some properties.  As of December 31, 2004,  commercial real
estate  loans  have  general  reserves  of 1.30%.  The  estimation  methods  and
assumptions  used in determining the allowance for the five years presented have
remained consistent.

     Loans that the Banks  have  identified  as having  higher  risk  levels are
reviewed  individually in an effort to establish  adequate loss reserves.  These
reserves are  considered  specific  reserves  and are  directly  impacted by the
credit  quality of the  underlying  loans.  Normally,  as the actual or expected
level of non-performing loans increase, the specific reserves also increase. For
December 31, 2004 specific  reserves  decreased  $431,000 or 23.50%  compared to
year end 2003 levels as four of the five banks had improved loan quality.  As of
December 31, 2003,  specific reserves  increased $146,000 or 8.65% over year end
2002. In 2003,  specific  allocations to problem  agricultural real estate loans
was the largest  contributor to the increase in the specific  reserve level when
compared to year end 2002. Specific allocations for commercial real estate loans
triggered  the  increase  in 2002 while  commercial  leases  contributed  to the
increase in total reserve  levels in 2001.  The specific  reserves are dependent
upon assumptions  regarding the liquidation  value of collateral and the cost of
recovering  collateral  including  legal fees.  Changing  the amount of specific
reserves on individual  loans has had the largest impact on the  reallocation of
the reserve among different parts of the portfolio.

     Other  factors that are  considered  when  determining  the adequacy of the
reserve  include  loan  concentrations,  loan growth,  the economic  outlook and
historical  losses.  The  Company's   concentration   risks  include  geographic
concentration in central Iowa; the local economy's dependence upon several large
governmental  entity  employers,  including  Iowa State  University and the Iowa
Department of Transportation;  and the health of Iowa's agricultural sector that
in turn,  is  dependent  on  weather  conditions  and  government  programs.  No
significant  reserves  have been  established  for local and  national  economic
conditions over the last five-year  period as the economic outlook has generally
been  favorable.  However,  no assurances can be made that losses will remain at
the favorable levels experienced over the past five years.

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses

     The  following  table  sets  forth  information  concerning  the  Company's
allocation of the allowance for loan losses.

<TABLE>
                              2004              2003               2002              2001              2000
 (dollars in thousands)     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Amount    % *      Amount     % *    Amount    % *     Amount    % *     Amount    % *
<S>                         <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>     <C>
Balance at end of period
applicable to:
Real Estate
   Construction             $  429    5.02%    $  196    3.62%   $  210    3.99%   $  178    3.99%   $  163    3.49%
   1-4 family residential    1,021   23.31%       948   23.36%      892   23.98%      980   23.98%    1,088   27.89%
   Commercial                2,676   38.25%     2,663   41.59%    2,453   40.24%    1,704   40.24%    1,619   32.11%
   Agricultural                486    6.55%       458    6.70%      302    6.40%      279    6.40%      315    6.03%
Commercial                     809   13.66%       775   10.64%      910   11.83%      938   11.83%      754   15.41%
Agricultural                   360    7.33%       488    7.68%      504    7.68%      457    7.68%      421    8.05%
Consumer and other             302    5.87%       255    6.41%      235    5.88%      258    5.88%      538    7.02%
Unallocated                    393                268               252               652               475
                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            $6,476     100%    $6,051     100%   $5,758     100%   $5,446     100%   $5,373     100%
<FN>
* Percent of loans in each category to total loans.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       31
<PAGE>

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     Liquidity  management  is the  process by which the  Company,  through  its
Banks' Asset and Liability Committees (ALCO), ensures that adequate liquid funds
are  available  to meet  its  financial  commitments  on a  timely  basis,  at a
reasonable cost and within acceptable risk tolerances. These commitments include
funding  credit  obligations  to  borrowers,  funding of  mortgage  originations
pending delivery to the secondary market, withdrawals by depositors, maintaining
adequate   collateral  for  pledging  for  public  funds,   trust  deposits  and
borrowings,  paying  dividends to shareholders,  payment of operating  expenses,
funding capital  expenditures and maintaining  deposit reserve  requirements.

     Liquidity  is derived  primarily  from core deposit  growth and  retention;
principal and interest payments on loans; principal and interest payments, sale,
maturity  and  prepayment  of  investment  securities;  net cash  provided  from
operations;  and access to other funding sources.  Other funding sources include
federal funds purchased lines,  Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and other
capital  market  sources.

     As of December 31, 2004,  the level of liquidity  and capital  resources of
the Company  remain at a  satisfactory  level and compare  favorably  to that of
other  FDIC  insured  institutions.   Management  believes  that  the  Company's
liquidity sources will be sufficient to support its existing  operations for the
foreseeable future.
<PAGE>

The liquidity and capital resources discussion will cover the follows topics:

o   Review the Company's Current Liquidity Sources
o   Review of the Statements of Cash Flows
o   Review Company Only Cash Flows
o   Review of Commitments for Capital Expenditures, Cash Flow Uncertainties and
    Known Trends in Liquidity and Cash Flows Needs
o   Capital Resources

Review of the Company's Current Liquidity Sources

     Liquid assets of cash on hand, balances due from other banks, federal funds
sold and  interest-bearing  deposits in financial  institutions for December 31,
2004,  2003  and  2002  totaled   $48,199,000,   $58,725,000  and   $85,189,000,
respectively. The lower balance of liquid assets as of December 31, 2004 relates
to a lower level of deposits maintained with other financial institutions.

     Other sources of liquidity available to the Banks include outstanding lines
of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, Iowa of $28,471,000 and
federal funds borrowing  capacity at  correspondent  banks of  $52,500,000.  The
Company did not have any  outstanding  FHLB advances or federal funds sold as of
December 31, 2004 and  securities  sold under  agreement to  repurchase  totaled
$64,072,000.  Approximately  $40,000,000  in repurchases  agreement  balances at
First  National are expected to be  withdrawn  gradually  from January to August
2005.

     Total  investments  as of December 31, 2004 were  $363,459,000  compared to
$323,116,000  as of year end 2003.  At both  December  31,  2004 and  2003,  the
investment  portfolio as a percentage  of average  assets was 43%. This provides
the Company with a significant  amount of liquidity since all of the investments
are  classified  as available for sale as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and have
net unrealized gains of $11,854,000 and $14,152,000, respectively.

     The investment portfolio serves an important role in the overall context of
balance  sheet  management  in  terms  of  balancing  capital   utilization  and
liquidity. The decision to purchase or sell securities is based upon the current
assessment  of economic and  financial  conditions,  including the interest rate
environment,  liquidity and credit  considerations.  The  portfolio's  scheduled
maturities represent a significant source of liquidity.

Review of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

     Operating  cash  flows  for  December  31,  2004,  2003  and  2002  totaled
$13,169,000,  $14,828,000,  and  $13,803,000,   respectively.  The  decrease  in
operating cash flows in 2004 compared to 2003 included a reduction in loans held
for sale and an increase in other assets in 2004. These decreases were offset by
security  gains realized in 2004 as compared to 2003 and an increase net income.
The primary  variance in 2003  compared to 2002 was the source of cash  provided
from a lower level of accrued  expense and other  liabilities  that was a use of
cash in 2002.

                                       32
<PAGE>

     Net cash used in investing  activities for December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
was  $103,647,000,   $96,479,000  and  43,819,000,   respectively.  The  largest
investing  activities  in 2004 were the purchase of U.S.  government  agency and
corporate  bonds and the funding of  commercial  operating and  commercial  real
estate loans offset by the maturities,  calls, and sales of securities available
for sale.  U.S.  government  agency bonds,  municipal  bonds and commercial real
estate loans were the most significant investing activities in 2003.

     Net cash provided by financing  activities for December 31, 2004,  2003 and
2002 totaled $77,255,000,  $61,944,000 and $39,245,000,  respectively. Growth in
securities  sold under  agreement  to  repurchase  and  deposits was the primary
source of financing funds in 2004. Deposit growth was the primary source of cash
flows for 2003 and 2002.  As of December 31, 2004,  the Company did not have any
external debt financing,  off balance sheet financing arrangements or derivative
instruments linked to its stock.

Company Only Cash Flows

     The Company's  liquidity on an  unconsolidated  basis is heavily  dependent
upon dividends paid to the Company by the Banks. The Company  requires  adequate
liquidity to pay its expenses and pay stockholder dividends.  In 2004, dividends
from the Banks  amounted to $8,384,000  compared to $7,868,000 in 2003.  Various
federal and state  statutory  provisions  limit the amount of dividends  banking
subsidiaries are permitted to pay to their holding companies without  regulatory
approval.  Federal Reserve policy further limits the  circumstances  under which
bank  holding  companies  may declare  dividends.  For  example,  a bank holding
company  should not continue its existing  rate of cash  dividends on its common
stock unless its net income is  sufficient  to fully fund each  dividend and its
prospective  rate of  earnings  retention  appears  consistent  with its capital
needs, asset quality and overall financial condition.  In addition,  the Federal
Reserve and the FDIC have issued  policy  statements  which provide that insured
banks and bank holding  companies  should  generally pay  dividends  only out of
current  operating  earnings.  Federal  and state  banking  regulators  may also
restrict the payment of dividends by order.

     First  National,  as a national  bank,  generally  may pay  dividends  from
undivided  profits  without  restriction,  provided  that its surplus fund is at
least equal to its common stock capital fund. Boone Bank, Randall-Story Bank and
State Bank are also  restricted  under Iowa law to paying  dividends only out of
their  undivided  profits.  United Bank is not  expected to generate  sufficient
earnings to pay any dividends in 2005. Additionally, the payment of dividends by
the Banks is affected by the requirement to maintain  adequate  capital pursuant
to  applicable  capital  adequacy  guidelines  and  regulations,  and the  Banks
generally  are  prohibited  from  paying any  dividends  if,  following  payment
thereof, the Bank would be undercapitalized.

     The Company has  unconsolidated  interest  bearing  deposits and marketable
investment  securities  totaling  $34,902,000  that are  presently  available to
provide additional liquidity to the Banks.

Review of Commitments  for Capital  Expenditures,  Cash Flow  Uncertainties  and
Known Trends in Liquidity and Cash Flows Needs

     No  material  capital  expenditures  or  material  changes  in the  capital
resource mix are anticipated at this time.  Commitments to extend credit totaled
$65,894,000  as of December 31, 2004 compared to a total of  $71,100,000  at the
end of 2003. The timing of these credit  commitments  varies with the underlying
borrowers;  however,  the  Company  has  satisfactory  liquidity  to fund  these
obligations as of December 31, 2004. The primary cash flow uncertainty  would be
a  sudden  decline  in  deposits  causing  the  Banks to  liquidate  securities.
Historically,  the  Banks  have  maintained  an  adequate  level of  short  term
marketable investments to fund the temporary declines in deposit balances. There
are no known  trends in  liquidity  and cash flow needs as of December  31, 2004
that are a concern to management.

Capital Resources

     The Company's  total  stockholders'  equity  increased to  $110,924,000  at
December 31, 2004, from  $107,325,000 at December 31, 2003. At December 31, 2004
and 2003,  stockholders'  equity as a percentage  of total assets was 13.21% and
14.26%, respectively.  Total equity increased due to retention of earnings which
was partially offset by depreciation in the Banks'  investment  portfolios.  The
capital levels of the Company currently exceed applicable  regulatory guidelines
as of December 31, 2004.

                                       33
<PAGE>

Interest Rate Risk

     Interest rate risk refers to the impact that a change in interest rates may
have on the  Company's  earnings and  capital.  Management's  objectives  are to
control  interest rate risk and to ensure  predictable and consistent  growth of
earnings and capital.  Interest rate risk management  focuses on fluctuations in
net  interest  income  identified  through  computer   simulations  to  evaluate
volatility,  varying interest rate, spread and volume  assumptions.  The risk is
quantified and compared against tolerance levels.

     The  Company  uses a  third-party  computer  software  simulation  modeling
program to measure its exposure to potential interest rate changes.  For various
assumed   hypothetical   changes  in  market  interest  rates,   numerous  other
assumptions  are made  such as  prepayment  speeds  on  loans,  the slope of the
Treasury  yield curve,  the rates and volumes of the Company's  deposits and the
rates and volumes of the Company's loans.  This analysis  measures the estimated
change in net interest income in the event of  hypothetical  changes in interest
rates.

     Another measure of interest rate  sensitivity is the gap ratio.  This ratio
indicates the amount of interest-earning  assets repricing within a given period
in comparison to the amount of interest-bearing liabilities repricing within the
same period of time. A gap ratio of 1.0 indicates a matched  position,  in which
case the effect on net interest  income due to interest rate  movements  will be
minimal.  A gap ratio of less than 1.0  indicates  that  more  liabilities  than
assets  reprice  within the time period and a ratio  greater than 1.0  indicates
that more assets reprice than liabilities.

     The simulation model process provides a dynamic assessment of interest rate
sensitivity,  whereas a static interest rate gap table is compiled as of a point
in time.  The model  simulations  differ from a  traditional  gap  analysis as a
traditional gap analysis does not reflect the multiple  effects of interest rate
movement on the entire  range of assets and  liabilities  and ignores the future
impact of new business strategies.

Inflation

     The primary impact of inflation on the Company's  operations is to increase
asset  yields,  deposit costs and operating  overhead.  Unlike most  industries,
virtually  all of the assets and  liabilities  of a  financial  institution  are
monetary  in  nature.  As  a  result,  interest  rates  generally  have  a  more
significant impact on a financial  institution's  performance than they would on
non-financial companies.  Although interest rates do not necessarily move in the
same  direction  or to the same  extent  as the  price of  goods  and  services,
increases in inflation  generally have resulted in increased interest rates. The
effects of  inflation  can magnify  the growth of assets  and,  if  significant,
require  that equity  capital  increase at a faster rate than would be otherwise
necessary.

Forward-Looking Statements and Business Risks

     The  discussion in the  foregoing  Management  Discussion  and Analysis and
elsewhere in this Report contains forward-looking  statements about the Company,
its business and its prospects.  Forward-looking statements can be identified by
the fact that they do not relate  strictly to historical or current facts.  They
often  include use of the words  "believe",  "expect",  "anticipate",  "intend",
"plan",  "estimate" or words of similar meaning,  or future or conditional verbs
such as "will", "would",  "should",  "could" or "may" reward-looking statements,
by their nature,  are subject to risks and  uncertainties.  A number of factors,
many of which are beyond the Company's  control,  could cause actual conditions,
events  or  results  to  differ   significantly  from  those  described  in  the
forward-looking  statements.  Such risks and  uncertainties  with respect to the
Company  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  those  related  to the  economic
conditions,  particularly  in the  areas  in which  the  Company  and the  Banks
operate,  competitive products and pricing,  fiscal and monetary policies of the
U.S.  government,   changes  in  governmental  regulations  affecting  financial
institutions,  (including regulatory fees and capital requirements),  changes in
prevailing   interest  rates,   credit  risk   management  and   asset/liability
management,  the financial and securities  markets and the  availability  of and
costs associated with sources of liquidity.

                                       34
<PAGE>

     These  factors  may not  constitute  all factors  that could  cause  actual
results  to  differ  materially  from  those  discussed  in any  forward-looking
statement.  The Company operates in a continually  changing business environment
and new facts emerge from time to time.  It cannot  predict such factors nor can
it assess the impact,  if any, of such factors on its financial  position or its
results of operations.  Accordingly,  forward-looking  statements  should not be
relied  upon as a  predictor  of  actual  results.  The  Company  disclaims  any
responsibility  to  update  any  forward-looking   statement  provided  in  this
document.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The  Company's  market risk is comprised  primarily  of interest  rate risk
arising from its core banking  activities  of making loans and taking  deposits.
Interest  rate  risk is the risk  that  changes  in  market  interest  rates may
adversely  affect the  Company's  net interest  income.  Management  continually
develops  and applies  strategies  to mitigate  this risk.  Management  does not
believe that the  Company's  primary  market risk exposure and how that exposure
was managed in 2004 changed when compared to 2003.

     Based on a simulation  modeling analysis performed as of December 31, 2004,
the following table presents the estimated  change in net interest income in the
event of  hypothetical  changes in  interest  rates for the  various  rate shock
levels:

Net Interest Income at Risk

Estimated Change in Net Interest Income for Year Ending December 31, 2004

                                          $ Change        % Change
(dollars in thousands)                    ------------------------

+200 Basis Points                          $  (158)         (0.6%)
+100 Basis Points                              (91)         (0.3%)
-100 Basis Points                             (554)         (2.0%)
-200 Basis Points                           (2,595)         (9.5%)

     As shown above, at December 31, 2004, the estimated  effect of an immediate
200 basis point  increase in interest  rates would  decrease the  Company's  net
interest income by 0.6% or approximately  $158,000 in 2005. The estimated effect
of an immediate 200 basis point  decrease in rates would  decrease the Company's
net interest income by 9.5% or  approximately  $2,595,000 in 2005. The Company's
Asset Liability  Management Policy establishes  parameters for a 200 basis point
change in  interest  rates.  Under  this  policy,  the  Company  and the  Banks'
objective  is to properly  structure  the  balance  sheet to prevent a 200 basis
point change in interest rates from causing a decline in net interest  income by
more than 15% in one year compared to the base year that hypothetically  assumes
no change in interest rates.

     Computations  of the  prospective  effects of  hypothetical  interest  rate
changes are based on numerous  assumptions.  Actual values may differ from those
projections set forth above.  Further,  the  computations do not contemplate any
actions  the  Company may  undertake  in response to changes in interest  rates.
Current interest rates on certain liabilities are at a level that does not allow
for significant repricing should market interest rates decline considerably.

                                       35
<PAGE>

Contractual Maturity or Repricing

     The following  table sets forth the estimated  maturity or re-pricing,  and
the resulting interest sensitivity gap, of the Company's interest-earning assets
and interest-bearing  liabilities and the cumulative interest sensitivity gap at
December 31, 2004. The expected maturities are presented on a contractual basis.
Actual maturities may differ from contractual  maturities  because of prepayment
assumptions, early withdrawal of deposits and competition.


<TABLE>
                                            Less than         Three           One to           Over
                                              three         months to          five            five         Cumulative
                                              months         one year         years            years          Total
        (dollars in thousands)              -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>              <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>
Interest - earning assets

Interest-bearing deposits with banks        $    5,676      $    1,272       $  2,627        $      -       $  9,575
Federal funds sold                              19,865               -              -               -         19,865
Investments *                                    5,158          15,291        194,749          148,261       363,459
Loans                                          103,940          28,146        218,301           68,372       418,759
Loans held for sale                                234                                                           234
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total interest - earning
assets                                      $  134,873      $   44,709       $415,677         $216,633      $811,892
                                            ========================================================================

Interest - bearing liabilities

Interest bearing demand deposits            $  172,313               -              -                -      $172,313
Money market and savings deposits              174,358               -              -                -       174,358
Time certificates < $100,000                    27,744          59,043         83,838              149       170,774
Time certificates > $100,000                    20,613          29,217         19,234                -        69,064
Other borrowed funds                            64,072               -              -                -        64,072
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total interest - bearing liabilities        $  459,100         $88,260       $103,072             $149      $650,581

Interest sensitivity gap                    $(324,227)      $ (43,551)       $312,605         $216,484      $161,311
                                            ========================================================================

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap         $(324,227)      $(367,778)       $(55,173)        $161,311      $161,311
                                            ========================================================================

Cumulative interest sensitivity
gap as a percent of total assets               -38.61%         -43.80%          -6.57%           19.21%
                                            ========================================================================
<FN>
*    Investments with maturities over 5 years include the market value of equity
     securities of $33,904.
</FN>
</TABLE>

     As of December 31, 2004, the Company's cumulative gap ratios for assets and
liabilities  repricing within three months and within one year were 39% and 44%,
respectively,  meaning  more  liabilities  than assets are  scheduled to reprice
within these periods. This situation suggests that a decrease in market interest
rates may benefit net interest income and that an increase in interest rates may
negatively impact the Company.  The liability  sensitive gap position is largely
the result of  classifying  the  interest  bearing NOW  accounts,  money  market
accounts and savings accounts as immediately  repriceable.  Certain shortcomings
are inherent in the method of analysis  presented in the  foregoing  table.  For
example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities and
periods to repricing,  they may react  differently to changes in market interest
rates.  Also,  interest rates on assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance
of changes in market  interest  rates,  while interest rates on other assets and
liabilities may follow changes in market interest rates.  Additionally,  certain
assets have features that restrict changes in the interest rates of such assets,
both on a short-term basis and over the lives of such assets.


                                       36
<PAGE>

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

        MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of Ames National  Corporation is responsible for establishing and
maintaining  adequate internal control over financial  reporting.  Ames National
Corporation's  internal  control  system  was  designed  to  provide  reasonable
assurance  to the  company's  management  and board of directors  regarding  the
preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.  Because of
its inherent  limitations,  internal  control over  financial  reporting may not
prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Ames  National  Corporation's  management  assessed  the  effectiveness  of  the
company's internal control over financial  reporting as of December 31, 2004. In
making this  assessment,  it used the  criteria  set forth by the  Committee  of
Sponsoring   Organizations  of  the  Treadway   Commission  (COSO)  in  Internal
Control-Integrated  Framework. Based on our assessment we determined that, as of
December 31, 2004, the company's  internal  control over financial  reporting is
effective based on those criteria.

Our  management's  assessment of the  effectiveness  of the  Company's  internal
control  over  financial  reporting  as of December 31, 2004 has been audited by
McGladrey & Pullen,  LLP, an independent  registered  public accounting firm, as
stated in their report which appears herein.


                              By: /s/  Daniel L. Krieger
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Daniel L. Krieger, Chairman and President
                                  (Principal Executive Officer)



                              By: /s/ John P. Nelson
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  John P. Nelson, Vice President
                                  (Principal Financial Officer)


                                       37
<PAGE>


             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


The Board of Directors
Ames National Corporation and Subsidiaries
Ames, Iowa


We have audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets of Ames National
Corporation  and  Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the related
consolidated statements of income,  stockholders' equity and cash flows for each
of the three  years in the period  ended  December  31,  2004.  These  financial
statements   are  the   responsibility   of  the   Company's   management.   Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion of these financial  statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and  perform  the  audits to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the
financial  statements  are free of  material  misstatement.  An  audit  includes
examining,  on a test basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the  financial  statements.  An audit also  includes  assessing  the  accounting
principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as well as
evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly,  in all  material  respects,  the  financial  position of Ames  National
Corporation  and  Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results
of their  operations  and their  cash  flows for each of the three  years in the
period ended  December 31, 2004,  in  conformity  with U.S.  generally  accepted
accounting principles.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight Board (United States),  the effectiveness of Ames National
Corporation and  subsidiaries'  internal control over financial  reporting as of
December  31,  2004,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  -
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the
Treadway  Commission  (COSO), and our report dated February 3, 2005 expressed an
unqualified opinion.




/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP


Des Moines, Iowa
February 3, 2005

                                       38
<PAGE>


             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



To the Board of Directors
Ames National Corporation and Subsidiaries
Ames, Iowa

We  have  audited   management's   assessment,   included  in  the  accompanying
Management's  Report on Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting  that Ames
National  Corporation  maintained  effective  internal  control  over  financial
reporting  as of December 31, 2004,  based on criteria  established  in Internal
Control  -  Integrated   Framework   issued  by  the   Committee  of  Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway  Commission  (COSO).  Ames National  Corporation's
management  is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control over
financial  reporting  and for its  assessment of the  effectiveness  of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management's  assessment  and an opinion on the  effectiveness  of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted  our audit in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether  effective
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in all  material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
the  financial  reporting,   evaluating  management's  assessment,  testing  and
evaluating  the design and  operating  effectiveness  of internal  control,  and
performing   such  other   procedures   as  we   considered   necessary  in  the
circumstances.  We believe that our audit  provides a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

A company's  internal control over financial  reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable  assurance  regarding the reliability of financial  reporting
and the preparation of financial  statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial  reporting  includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that, in reasonable  detail,  accurately and fairly
reflect the  transactions  and  dispositions  of the assets of the company;  (2)
provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use or  disposition  of the  company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent  limitations,  internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that Ames National Corporation
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31,  2004  is  fairly  stated,  in all  material  respects,  based  on  criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Also in our
opinion, Ames National Corporation maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004,
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

We have also  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight Board (United States), the balance sheets of Ames National
Corporation  as of December  31, 2004 and 2003,  and the related  statements  of
income,  stockholders'  equity  and  cash  flows  for  each of the  years in the
three-year  period ended  December 31,  2004,  and our report dated  February 3,
2005, expressed an unqualified opinion.




/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP


Des Moines, Iowa
February 3, 2005


                                       39
<PAGE>

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December 31, 2004 and 2003
<TABLE>

ASSETS                                                        2004                 2003
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>                  <C>
Cash and due from banks (Note 2)                        $  18,759,086        $  31,982,144
Federal funds sold                                         19,865,000           20,380,000
Interest bearing deposits in financial institutions         9,575,174            6,363,538
Securities available-for-sale (Note 3)                    363,459,462          323,115,914
Loans receivable, net (Note 4)                            411,638,565          355,533,119
Loans held for sale                                           234,469              859,139
Bank premises and equipment, net (Note 5)                   8,790,636            8,377,807
Accrued income receivable                                   6,262,424            5,842,247
Other assets                                                1,167,971              332,556
                                                        ----------------------------------
        Total assets                                    $ 839,752,787        $ 752,786,464
                                                        ==================================

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

LIABILITIES
  Deposits (Note 6)
    Demand, noninterest bearing                         $  71,666,385        $  71,372,534
    NOW accounts                                          172,313,429          138,308,140
    Savings and money market                              174,358,165          166,387,319
    Time, $100,000 and over                                69,063,977           69,486,570
    Other time                                            170,773,883          173,993,964
                                                        ----------------------------------
        Total deposits                                    658,175,839          619,548,527

  Federal funds purchased and securities sold
    under agreements to repurchase                         64,072,475           18,198,403
  Dividend payable                                          1,537,162            1,441,204
  Deferred income taxes (Not8)                              2,334,670            3,238,665
  Accrued expenses and otheriabilities                      2,708,701            3,034,670
                                                        ----------------------------------
        Total liabilities                                 728,828,847          645,461,469
                                                        ----------------------------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 9)

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Note 10)
  Common stock, $5 par value, authorized 6,000,000
    shares; issued 2004 and 2003 3,153,230 shares;
    outstanding 2004 3,137,066 shares, 2003
    3,133,053 shares                                       15,766,150           15,766,150
  Additional paid-in capital                               25,378,746           25,351,979
  Retained earnings                                        63,200,352           58,400,660
  Treasury stock, at cost; 2004 16,164 shares,
    2003 20,177 shares                                       (889,020)          (1,109,735)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income, net
    unrealized gain on securities available-
    for-sale                                                7,467,712            8,915,941
                                                        ----------------------------------
        Total stockholders' equity                        110,923,940          107,324,995
                                                        ----------------------------------

        Total liabilities and stockholders' equity      $ 839,752,787        $ 752,786,464
                                                        ==================================
</TABLE>
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       40
<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
<TABLE>
                                                                         2004                2003                2002
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Interest and dividend income:
  Loans, including fees                                             $ 22,872,764        $ 22,197,335         $ 23,207,184
  Securities:
    Taxable                                                            8,536,759           7,510,671            7,931,041
    Tax-exempt                                                         4,274,033           3,604,641            2,938,423
  Federal funds sold                                                     159,438             628,203              810,675
 Dividends                                                             1,510,665           1,372,890            1,383,350
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                      37,353,659          35,313,740           36,270,673
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------
Interest expense:
  Deposits                                                             9,942,250          10,045,178           11,397,125
  Other borrowed funds                                                   621,077             293,604              265,845
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                      10,563,327          10,338,782           11,662,970
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------

        Net interest income                                           26,790,332          24,974,958           24,607,703

Provision for loan losses (Note 4)                                       479,355             645,447              688,431
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------

        Net interest income after provision for
          loan losses                                                 26,310,977          24,329,511           23,919,272
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------

Noninterest income:
  Trust department income                                              1,185,681           1,225,099            1,032,500
  Service fees                                                         1,813,795           1,513,964            1,492,344
  Securities gains, net (Note 3)                                         324,030           1,395,320              889,923
  Gain on sales of loans held for sale                                   610,077           1,155,311              739,907
  Merchant and ATM fees                                                  534,897             513,832              405,667
  Other                                                                  800,835             631,949              574,473
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------
        Total noninterest income                                       5,269,315           6,435,475            5,134,814
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------

Noninterest expense:
  Salaries and employee benefits (Note 7)                              9,019,139           9,044,896            8,074,181
  Data processing                                                      2,241,441           2,188,488            1,934,006
  Occupancy expenses                                                   1,048,323           1,088,438              927,287
  Other operating expenses                                             2,626,451           2,497,692            2,340,098
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------
        Total noninterest expense                                     14,935,354          14,819,514           13,275,572
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------

        Income before income taxes                                    16,644,938          15,945,472           15,778,514

Provision for income taxes (Note 8)                                    4,255,392           4,320,787            4,438,376
                                                                    -----------------------------------------------------

        Net income                                                  $ 12,389,546        $ 11,624,685         $ 11,340,138
                                                                    =====================================================

Basic earnings per share (Note 1)                                         $ 3.95              $ 3.71               $ 3.63
                                                                    =====================================================
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       41
<PAGE>

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
<TABLE>

                                                                                                        Accumulated
                                                                   Additional                              Other          Total
                                      Comprehensive     Common       Paid-in    Retained     Treasury  Comprehensive  Stockholders'
                                          Income        Stock       Capital     Earnings       Stock   Income (Loss)      Equity
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Balance, December 31, 2001                            $15,766,150  $25,393,028 $49,397,011  $(1,530,805) $4,596,614   $ 93,621,998
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income                          $11,340,138            -            -   11,340,138           -           -      11,340,138
    Other comprehensive income,
     unrealized gains on
     securities, net of
     reclassification adjustment,
     net of tax (Note 3)                  3,222,174            -            -           -            -    3,222,174      3,222,174
                                        -----------
          Total comprehensive income    $14,562,312
                                        ===========
  Cash dividends declared,
    $2.18 per share                                            -            -   (6,819,605)          -           -      (6,819,605)
  Sale of 3,753 shares of
    treasury stock                                             -       (39,014)         -       197,165          -         158,151
                                                      ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2002                            $15,766,150  $25,354,014 $53,917,544  $(1,333,640) $7,818,788   $101,522,856
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income                          $11,624,685            -            -   11,624,685          -            -      11,624,685
    Other comprehensive income,
      unrealized gains on securities,
      net of reclassification
      adjustment, net of tax (Note 3)     1,097,153            -            -           -           -     1,097,153      1,097,153
                                        -----------
         Total comprehensive income     $12,721,838
                                        ===========
  Cash dividends declared,
    $2.28 per share                                            -            -   (7,141,569)         -            -      (7,141,569)
  Sale of 4,071 shares of
    treasury stock                                             -        (2,035)         -       223,905          -         221,870
                                                      ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2003                            $15,766,150  $25,351,979 $58,400,660  $(1,109,735) $8,915,941   $107,324,995
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income                          $12,389,546            -            -   12,389,546           -           -      12,389,546
    Other comprehensive income,
      unrealized (losses) on
      securities,net of
      reclassification adjustment,
      net of tax benefit (Note 3)       (1,448,229)           -             -           -            -   (1,448,229)    (1,448,229)
                                        -----------
         Total comprehensive income     $10,941,317
                                        ===========
  Cash dividends declared,
    $2.42 per share                                           -            -    (7,589,854)          -           -      (7,589,854)
  Sale of 4,013 shares of treasury
    stock                                                     -         26,767          -       220,715          -         247,482
                                                      ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2004                            $15,766,150  $25,378,746 $63,200,352  $  (889,020) $7,467,712   $110,923,940
</TABLE>



See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       42
<PAGE>

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
<TABLE>
                                                                                    2004              2003             2002
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                             <C>                 <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income                                                                    $ 12,389,546      $ 11,624,685     $ 11,340,138
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
    Provision for loan losses                                                        479,355           645,447          688,431
    Amortization and accretion                                                       683,012           563,612           51,495
    Depreciation                                                                     951,477         1,030,377          996,180
    Provision for deferred taxes                                                     (53,448)         (284,751)        (200,013)
    Securities gains, net                                                           (324,030)       (1,395,320)        (889,923)
    Change in assets and liabilities:
      Decrease in loans held for sale                                                624,670         1,854,307        2,582,434
      (Increase) decrease in accrued income receivable                              (420,177)            6,770          128,336
      (Increase) decrease in other assets                                           (835,415)          250,293         (344,372)
      Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities                 (325,969)          532,718         (549,337)
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------
          Net cash provided by operating activities                               13,169,021        14,828,138       13,803,369
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchase of securities available-for-sale                                     (163,349,539)     (194,136,066)     (86,337,490)
  Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale                              5,045,102         9,299,986       26,635,715
  Proceeds from maturities and calls of securities available-for-sale            115,303,131       108,868,412       34,855,926
  Net (increase) in interest bearing deposits in financial institutions           (3,211,636)       (5,363,538)        (750,000)
  Net decrease (increase) in federal funds sold                                      515,000        12,120,000       (3,150,000)
  Net (increase) in loans                                                        (56,584,801)      (26,585,515)     (12,534,196)
  Purchase of bank premises and equipment                                         (1,364,306)         (681,787)      (2,538,922)
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------
          Net cash (used in) investing activities                               (103,647,049)      (96,478,508)     (43,818,967)
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Increase in deposits                                                            38,627,312        68,926,148       39,113,124
  Increase (decrease) in federal funds purchased
    and securities sold under agreements to repurchase                            45,874,072          (127,171)       6,729,400
  Dividends paid                                                                  (7,493,896)       (7,077,117)      (6,755,449)
  Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock                                           247,482           221,870          158,151
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------
          Net cash provided by financing activities                               77,254,970        61,943,730       39,245,226
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------

          Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                   (13,223,058)      (19,706,640)       9,229,628

CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS
  Beginning                                                                       31,982,144        51,688,784       42,459,156
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------
  Ending                                                                        $ 18,759,086      $ 31,982,144     $ 51,688,784
                                                                                ===============================================

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW
  INFORMATION
  Cash payments for:
    Interest                                                                    $ 10,623,125      $ 10,504,715     $ 12,211,439
    Income taxes                                                                   4,516,823         4,553,669        4,725,572
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       43
<PAGE>

Note 1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description  of  business:  Ames  National  Corporation  and  subsidiaries  (the
Company) operates in the commercial banking industry through its subsidiaries in
Ames,  Boone,  Story  City,  Nevada and  Marshalltown,  Iowa.  Loan and  deposit
customers are located primarily in Story, Boone,  Hamilton and Marshall Counties
and adjacent counties in Iowa.

Segment  information:  The Company uses the "management  approach" for reporting
information  about  segments in annual and  interim  financial  statements.  The
management  approach  is based  on the way the  chief  operating  decision-maker
organizes segments within a company for making operating decisions and assessing
performance.   Based  on  the  "management  approach"  model,  the  Company  has
determined that its business is comprised of one operating segment: banking. The
banking segment generates revenues through personal, business,  agricultural and
commercial lending, management of the investment securities portfolio, providing
deposit account services and providing trust services.

Consolidation:  The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of
Ames   National   Corporation   (the  Parent   Company)  and  its   wholly-owned
subsidiaries,  First National Bank,  Ames, Iowa; State Bank & Trust Co., Nevada,
Iowa; Boone Bank & Trust Co., Boone, Iowa; Randall-Story State Bank, Story City,
Iowa; and United Bank & Trust NA, Marshalltown, Iowa (collectively,  the Banks).
All significant  intercompany  transactions and balances have been eliminated in
consolidation.

Use of estimates:  The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the  United  States  of  America
requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported
amounts  of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting  period.  Actual results could differ
from those estimates.  Material  estimates that are particularly  susceptible to
significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance
for loan losses and fair value of financial instruments.

Cash and cash  equivalents:  For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash
equivalents include cash on hand and amounts due from banks. The Company reports
net cash flows for customer loan  transactions,  deposit  transactions and short
term borrowings with maturities of 90 days or less.

Securities available-for-sale:  Securities available-for-sale consists of equity
securities and debt securities not classified as trading or held-to-maturity and
are carried at fair value.  Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of deferred
income  taxes,  are  reported  in a  separate  component  of  accumulated  other
comprehensive  income until  realized.  Realized gains and losses on the sale of
such securities are determined using the specific  identification method and are
reflected in the consolidated  statements of income.  Premiums and discounts are
recognized  in  interest  income  using the  interest  method over the period to
maturity or call date of the related security.

Unrealized losses judged to be other than temporary are charged to operations.

Loans held for sale: Loans held for sale are the loans the Banks have the intent
to sell in the  foreseeable  future.  They are carried at the lower of aggregate
cost or market value. Net unrealized  losses,  if any, are recognized  through a
valuation allowance by charges to income. Gains and losses on sales of loans are
recognized at settlement dates and are determined by the difference  between the
sale proceeds and the carrying value of the loans.

Loans:  Loans are stated at the principal  amount  outstanding,  net of deferred
loan fees and the  allowance  for loan losses.  Interest on loans is credited to
income as earned based on the principal amount outstanding. The Banks' policy is
to discontinue  the accrual of interest  income on any loan 90 days or more past
due unless the loans are well  collateralized  and in the process of collection.
Income on nonaccrual  loans is  subsequently  recognized only to the extent that
cash payments are received.  Nonaccrual  loans are returned to an accrual status
when,  in the opinion of  management,  the  financial  position of the  borrower
indicates  there is no  longer  any  reasonable  doubt as to timely  payment  of
principal or interest.

Allowance  for loan losses:  The  allowance  for loan losses is  maintained at a
level deemed  appropriate  by management to provide for known and inherent risks
in the loan portfolio.  The allowance is based upon a continuing  review of past
loan loss experience, current economic conditions, and the underlying collateral
value securing the loans. Loans which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged
off and deducted from the  allowance.  Recoveries on loans  charged-off  and the
provision for loan losses are added to the allowance.

                                       44
<PAGE>

A loan is considered  impaired when, based on current information and events, it
is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of
principal or interest  when due according to the  contractual  terms of the loan
agreement.  Factors  considered by management in determining  impairment include
payment status,  collateral  value, and the probability of collecting  scheduled
principal and interest  payments  when due.  Impairment is measured on a loan by
loan basis for commercial and construction  loans by either the present value of
expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, the
loan's  obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent.

Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for
impairment.  Accordingly,  the Company does not separately  identify  individual
consumer and residential loans for impairment disclosures.

Premises  and  equipment:  Premises  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less
accumulated  depreciation.  Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line
and  accelerated  methods  over the  estimated  useful  lives of the  respective
assets.  Depreciable  lives range from 3 to 7 years for  equipment  and 15 to 39
years for premises.

Trust  department  assets:  Property  held for  customers in fiduciary or agency
capacities is not included in the accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets, as
such items are not assets of the Banks.

Income taxes:  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax  consequences  attributable to differences  between the financial  statement
carrying  amounts of existing assets and  liabilities  and their  respective tax
bases and are  measured  using  enacted  tax rates  expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which  those  temporary  differences  are  expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets
and  liabilities  is  recognized  in  income in the  period  that  includes  the
enactment date.

The Company files a  consolidated  federal  income tax return,  with each entity
computing its taxes on a separate  company  basis.  For state tax purposes,  the
Banks file  franchise  tax returns,  while the Parent  Company files a corporate
income tax return.

Comprehensive  income:  Accounting  principles generally require that recognized
revenue,  expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain
changes  in assets  and  liabilities,  such as  unrealized  gains and  losses on
available-for-sale  securities,  are  reported  as a separate  component  of the
equity  section of the balance  sheet,  such items,  along with net income,  are
components  of  comprehensive  income.  Gains and  losses on  available-for-sale
securities  are  reclassified  to net income as the gains or losses are realized
upon  sale  of  the  securities.  Other-than-temporary  impairment  charges  are
reclassified to net income at the time of the charge.

Fair value of financial instruments:  The following methods and assumptions were
used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures:

   Cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and interest-bearing  deposits in
   financial institutions: The recorded amount of these assets approximates fair
   value.

   Securities  available-for-sale:  Fair values of securities available-for-sale
   are based on bid prices  published in financial  newspapers,  bid  quotations
   received  from  securities  dealers,  or  quoted  market  prices  of  similar
   instruments,  adjusted for differences between the quoted instruments and the
   instruments being valued.

   Loans  held  for  sale:  The fair  value  of loans  held for sale is based on
   prevailing market prices.

   Loans:  The fair value of loans is calculated by  discounting  scheduled cash
   flows through the estimated  maturity using estimated  market discount rates,
   which  reflect the credit and interest  rate risk  inherent in the loan.  The
   estimate of maturity is based on the historical  experience,  with repayments
   for each loan  classification  modified,  as required,  by an estimate of the
   effect  of  current   economic   and  lending   conditions.   The  effect  of
   nonperforming  loans is  considered  in assessing the credit risk inherent in
   the fair value estimate.

                                       45
<PAGE>

   Deposit liabilities: Fair values of deposits with no stated maturity, such as
   noninterest-bearing  demand  deposits,  savings and NOW  accounts,  and money
   market  accounts,  are  equal  to the  amount  payable  on  demand  as of the
   respective  balance sheet date.  Fair values of  certificates  of deposit are
   based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is
   estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining
   maturities.  The fair value estimates do not include the benefit that results
   from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the
   cost of borrowing funds in the market.

   Other  borrowings:  The  carrying  amounts of  federal  funds  purchased  and
   securities sold under agreements to repurchase approximate fair value because
   of the short-term nature of the instruments.

   Accrued income receivable and accrued interest payable: The carrying amounts
   of accrued income receivable and interest payable approximate fair value.

   Commitments to extend credit and standby  letters of credit:  The fair values
   of  commitments  to extend credit and stand by letters of credit are based on
   fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements,  taking into account
   the  remaining   terms  of  the  agreement  and  credit   worthiness  of  the
   counterparties.  The carry value and fair value of the  commitments to extend
   credit and standby letters of credit are not considered significant.

   Limitations: Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based
   on  relevant  market   information   and  information   about  the  financial
   instrument.  Because  no  market  exists  for a  significant  portion  of the
   Company's financial instruments,  fair value estimates are based on judgments
   regarding future expected loss experience,  current economic conditions, risk
   characteristics of various financial  instruments,  and other factors.  These
   estimates are subjective in nature and involve  uncertainties  and matters of
   significant  judgment and,  therefore,  cannot be determined  with precision.
   Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.

   Earnings per share: Basic earnings per share computations for the years ended
   December 31, 2004,  2003 and 2002,  were determined by dividing net income by
   the  weighted-average  number of common shares  outstanding  during the years
   then ended. The Company had no potentially  dilutive  securities  outstanding
   during the periods presented.

   The following  information  was used in the computation of basic earnings per
   share for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002.

                                          2004           2003            2002
                                      ------------------------------------------
Basic earning per share computation:
  Net income                          $ 12,389,546   $ 11,624,685   $ 11,340,138
  Weighted average common
    shares outstanding                   3,135,235      3,131,224      3,127,285
                                      ------------------------------------------
        Basic EPS                     $       3.95   $       3.71   $       3.63
                                      ==========================================


New Accounting Pronouncements

SEC Staff  Accounting  Bulletin  ("SAB")  No.  105,  Application  of  Accounting
Principles  to Loan  Commitments,  was  released  in March  2004.  This  release
summarizes  the SEC staff  position  regarding the  application  of GAAP to loan
commitments  accounted for as derivative  instruments.  The Company accounts for
interest rate lock  commitments  issued on mortgage  loans that will be held for
sale as  derivative  instruments.  Consistent  with  SAB No.  105,  the  Company
considers the fair value of these commitments to be zero at the commitment date,
with the subsequent changes in fair value determined solely on changes in market
interest  rates.  The  Company's  adoption of this bulletin had no impact on the
consolidated financial statements.

At the March 17-18, 2004 Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF")  meeting,  the Task
Force reached a consensus on Issue No. 03-1, The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary
Impairment  and its  Application  to  Certain  Investments.  EITF 03-1  provides
guidance for  determining the meaning of  "other-than-temporarily  impaired" and
its  application  to  certain  debt and  equity  securities  within the scope of
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 115,  Accounting  for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities (SFAS 115") and investments  accounted
for  under  the  cost  method.  The  guidance  set  forth in the  Statement  was
originally   to  be  effective  for  the  Company  in  the  September  30,  2004
consolidated  financial  statements.  However,  in September 2004, the effective
dates of certain  parts of the Statement  were delayed.  Management is currently
assessing the impact of Issue 03-1 on the consolidated financial statements.

                                       46
<PAGE>

In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123(Revised),  "Share-Based  Payment"
("SFAS No. 123R"),  establishing  accounting standards for transactions in which
an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services,  SFAS No. 123R
also addresses  transactions  in which an entity incurs  liabilities in exchange
for goods or services  that are based on the fair value of the  entity's  equity
instruments, or that may be settled by the issuance of those equity instruments.
SFAS No.  123R  covers a wide  range of  share-based  compensation  arrangements
including stock options, restricted stock plans, performance-based stock awards,
stock  appreciation  rights,  and employee stock purchase  plans.  SFAS No. 123R
replaces existing requirements under SFAS No. 123R,  "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation,"   and   eliminates   the  ability  to  account  for   share-based
compensation  transactions  using APB Opinion No. 25. The provisions of SFAS No.
123R are  effective  for the Company on July 1, 2005.  The Company is  currently
assessing the financial statement impact of adopting SFAS No. 123R.

In December 2003, the American  Institute of Certified Public Accountants issued
Statement of Position  03-3,  "Accounting  for Certain Loans or Debt  Securities
Acquired in a "Transfer" ("SOP 03-3").  SOP 03-3 requires loans acquired through
a  transfer,  such as a business  combination,  where there are  differences  in
expected cash flows and contractual cash flows due in part to credit quality, to
be recognized at their fair value.  Under the provisions of SOP 03-3, any future
excess of cash flows over the original  expected  cash flows is to be recognized
as an adjustment of future yield.  Future decreases in actual cash flow compared
to the original  expected cash flow is  recognized as a valuation  allowance and
expensed immediately.  Under SOP 03-3, valuation allowances cannot be created or
"carried over" in the initial  accounting for impaired loans acquired.  SOP 03-3
is  effective  for  impaired  loans  acquired in fiscal  years  beginning  after
December 15, 2004. The company does not expect  adoption to have material impact
on the consolidated financial statement.

Note 2.  Restrictions on Cash and Due from Banks

The Federal Reserve Bank requires member banks to maintain  certain cash and due
from  bank  reserves.   The  subsidiary  banks'  reserve   requirements  totaled
approximately  $7,562,000  and  $14,375,000  at  December  31,  2004  and  2003,
respectively.


Note 3.  Debt and Equity Securities

The amortized cost of securities  available for sale and their  approximate fair
values at December 31, 2004 and 2003, are summarized below:

<TABLE>

                                                    Gross          Gross
                                     Amortized    Unrealized    Unrealized       Estimated
                                       Cost         Gains         (Losses)      Fair Value
                                ------------------------------------------------------------
2004:
<S>                                <C>            <C>           <C>               <C>
 U.S. treasury                     $     495,040  $    35,859   $        -     $    530,899
 U.S. government agencies            138,024,045      627,981    (1,017,948)    137,634,078
 State and political subdivisions    112,004,478    2,391,038      (577,902)    113,817,614
 Corporate bonds                      75,510,784    2,471,332      (408,929)     77,573,187
 Equity securities                    25,571,604    8,332,080             -      33,903,684
                                   --------------------------------------------------------
                                   $ 351,605,951  $13,858,290   $(2,004,779)   $363,459,462
                                   ========================================================


                                                    Gross             Gross
                                     Amortized    Unrealized        Unrealized   Estimated
                                       Cost         Gains           (Losses)    Fair Value
                                   --------------------------------------------------------
2003:

 U.S. treasury                     $   2,158,571  $     70,341  $        -     $  2,228,912
 U.S. government agencies            117,321,783     1,728,234     (412,733)    118,637,284
 State and political subdivisions    103,411,430     3,087,981     (536,295)    105,963,116
 Corporate bonds                      59,991,655     3,639,909      (45,868)     63,585,696
 Equity securities                    26,080,188     6,796,873     (176,155)     32,700,906
                                   --------------------------------------------------------
                                   $ 308,963,627   $15,323,338  $(1,171,051)   $323,115,914
                                   ========================================================
</TABLE>

                                       47
<PAGE>

The   amortized   cost   and   estimated   fair   value   of   debt   securities
available-for-sale  as of December  31,  2004,  are shown  below by  contractual
maturity.  Expected  maturities will differ from contractual  maturities because
issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties.

                                            Amortized          Estimated
                                              Cost             Fair Value
                                          --------------------------------

Due in one year or less                   $ 20,357,537        $ 20,448,845
Due after one year through five years      193,586,146         194,749,053
Due after five years through ten years      77,349,858          79,647,967
Due after ten years                         34,740,806          34,709,913
                                          --------------------------------
                                           326,034,347         329,555,778
Equity securities                           25,571,604          33,903,684
                                          --------------------------------
                                          $351,605,951        $363,459,462
                                          ================================


At December 31, 2004 and 2003, securities with a carrying value of approximately
$173,765,000 and $49,758,000, respectively, were pledged as collateral on public
deposits,  securities sold under agreements to repurchase and for other purposes
as required or permitted by law.

Gross realized gains and gross  realized  losses on sales of  available-for-sale
securities  were $443,974 and $119,944  respectively,  in 2004,  $1,395,320  and
none, respectively, in 2003, $1,087,290 and $197,367, respectively, in 2002.

The  components  of other  comprehensive  income (loss) - net  unrealized  gains
(losses) on securities available-for-sale for the years ended December 31, 2004,
2003, and 2002, were as follows:

<TABLE>
                                                    2004               2003               2002
                                                  -------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                <C>                <C>
Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising
  during the period                               $(1,974,746)       $ 3,136,832        $ 6,002,497
Reclassification adjustment for net gains
  realized in net income                             (324,030)        (1,395,320)          (889,923)
                                                  -------------------------------------------------
   Net unrealized gains (losses)
     before tax effect                             (2,298,776)         1,741,512          5,112,574
Tax effect                                            850,547           (644,359)        (1,890,400)
                                                  -------------------------------------------------
   Other comprehensive income
     Net unrealized gains (losses)
     on securities                                $(1,448,229)       $ 1,097,153        $ 3,222,174
                                                  =================================================
</TABLE>

                                       48
<PAGE>

Unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length
of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss
position, as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
                                         Less than 12 Months           12 Months or More                   Total
                                      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        Fair        Unrealized       Fair       Unrealized        Fair        Unrealized
                                        Value         Losses         Value        Losses          Value         Losses
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2004:
<S>                                  <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>
Securities available for sale:
  U.S. government agencies            $ 81,532,939   $ (775,150)    $ 9,849,426  $ (242,798)    $ 91,382,365  $ (1,017,948)
  State and political subsidivisions    24,844,595     (296,117)     10,701,463    (281,785)      35,546,058      (577,902)
  Corporate obligations                 36,136,660     (408,929)              -           -       36,136,660      (408,929)
  Equity securities                              -            -               -           -                -             -
                                      ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      $142,514,194  $(1,480,196)    $20,550,889  $ (524,583)    $163,065,083  $ (2,004,779)
                                      ====================================================================================


                                       Less than 12 Months           12 Months or More                   Total
                                      ----------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------
                                          Fair        Unrealized        Fair      Unrealized        Fair        Unrealized
                                          Value         Losses         Value        Losses          Value         Losses
                                      ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2003:

  U.S. government agencies            $ 31,608,073  $  (412,733)    $         -  $        -     $ 31,608,073  $   (412,733)
  State and political subsidivisions    22,823,408     (507,233)        628,846     (29,062)      23,452,254      (536,295)
  Corporate obligations                 15,160,687      (45,868)              -           -       15,160,687       (45,868)
  Equity securities                              -            -       3,242,200    (176,155)       3,242,200      (176,155)

                                      ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      $ 69,592,168  $  (965,834)    $ 3,871,046  $ (205,217)    $ 73,463,214  $ (1,171,051)
                                      ====================================================================================
</TABLE>

For all of the above investment securities,  the unrealized losses are generally
due to changes in interest  rates or general  market  conditions,  as such,  are
considered to be temporary, by the Company.

Note 4.  Loans Receivable

The composition of loans receivable at December 31, 2004 and 2003 is as follows:

                                                2004                  2003
                                            ----------------------------------

Commercial and agricultural                 $ 87,901,970          $ 66,369,814
Real estate                                  306,272,605           272,790,845
Consumer                                      14,244,501            13,208,113
Other                                         10,339,393            10,034,281
                                           -----------------------------------
                                             418,758,469           362,403,053
Less:
  Allowance for loan losses                   (6,475,530)           (6,050,989)
  Deferred loan fees                            (644,374)             (818,945)
                                           -----------------------------------
                                           $ 411,638,565         $ 355,533,119
                                           ===================================

Changes in the allowance for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002 are as follows:

                                       2004           2003              2002
                                   ---------------------------------------------

Balance, beginning                 $ 6,050,989    $ 5,757,694       $ 5,445,671
 Provision for loan losses             479,355        645,447           688,431
 Recoveries of loans charged-off       174,703        111,926            53,805
 Loans charged-off                    (229,517)      (464,078)         (430,213)
                                   ---------------------------------------------
Balance, ending                    $ 6,475,530    $ 6,050,989       $ 5,757,694
                                   =============================================

                                       49
<PAGE>

Loans are made in the normal  course of  business  to  directors  and  executive
officers  of the  Company  and to their  affiliates.  The terms of these  loans,
including  interest rates and  collateral,  are similar to those  prevailing for
comparable  transactions  with others and do not involve more than a normal risk
of collectibility.

Loan transactions with related parties were as follows for the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003:

                                             2004                 2003
                                        ----------------------------------

Balance, beginning of year              $ 10,991,284           $ 7,791,668
  New loans                               17,173,833            19,425,895
  Repayments                             (13,297,861)          (16,650,452)
  Change in status                        13,788,737               424,173
                                        ----------------------------------
Balance, end of year                    $ 28,655,993          $ 10,991,284
                                        ==================================

At December 31, 2004 and 2003, the Company had impaired  loans of  approximately
$1,977,000 and $2,187,075,  respectively.  The allowance for loan losses related
to these impaired loans was approximately  $158,000 and $134,000 at December 31,
2004 and 2003,  respectively.  The average  balances  of impaired  loans for the
years  ended  December  31,  2004  and  2003  were  $2,373,465  and  $2,050,154,
respectively.  For the years ended  December 31, 2004,  2003,  and 2002 interest
income which would have been recorded under the original terms of such loans was
approximately  $239,000,  $179,000,  and $160,000  respectively,  with $211,000,
$177,000 and $17,000,  respectively,  recorded.  Loans greater than 90 days past
due and still  accruing  interest  were  approximately  $80,000 and  $431,000 at
December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

The amount the Company  will  ultimately  realize  from these loans could differ
materially  from their carrying value because of future  developments  affecting
the underlying  collateral or the borrowers'  ability to repay the loans.  As of
December 31, 2004,  there were no material  commitments to lend additional funds
to customers whose loans were classified as impaired.

Note 5.  Bank Premises and Equipment

The major  classes of bank  premises  and  equipment  and the total  accumulated
depreciation as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, are as follows:

                                              2004                 2003
                                          --------------------------------

Land                                      $ 1,284,771          $ 1,284,771
Buildings and improvements                  9,889,939            9,120,088
Furniture and equipment                     6,041,317            5,721,259
                                          --------------------------------
                                           17,216,027           16,126,118

Less accumulated depreciation               8,425,391            7,748,311
                                          --------------------------------
                                          $ 8,790,636          $ 8,377,807
                                          ================================

Note 6.  Deposits

At December 31, 2004, the maturities of time deposits are as follows:

Years ended December 31,
2005                                              $ 136,616,566
2006                                                 45,485,074
2007                                                 40,585,356
2008                                                 10,609,685
2009                                                  6,392,181
Thereafter                                              148,998
                                                  -------------
                                                  $ 239,837,860
                                                  =============

                                       50
<PAGE>

Interest expense on deposits is summarized as follows:

                                       2004           2003         2002
                                    --------------------------------------

NOW accounts                        $ 1,237,381  $    909,137  $ 1,155,459
Savings and money market              1,972,211     1,849,238    2,237,034
Time, $100,000 and over               1,758,187     1,807,047    1,897,855
Other time                            4,974,471     5,479,756    6,106,777
                                    --------------------------------------
                                    $ 9,942,250  $ 10,045,178  $11,397,125
                                    ======================================

Note 7.  Employee Benefit Plans

The Company has a stock purchase plan with the objective of  encouraging  equity
interests  by  officers,  employees,  and  directors  of  the  Company  and  its
subsidiaries to provide additional  incentive to improve banking performance and
retain  qualified  individuals.  The  purchase  price of the  shares is the fair
market value of the stock based upon current market trading activity.  The terms
of the plan provide for the issuance of up to 14,000  shares of common stock per
year for a ten-year period commencing in 1999 and continuing through 2008.

The Company has a qualified  401(k)  profit-sharing  plan.  The Company  matches
employee  contributions up to a maximum of 2% of qualified compensation and also
contributes an amount equal to 5% of the participating  employee's compensation.
In addition,  contributions can be made on a discretionary basis by the combined
Company on behalf of the employees.  For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003
and 2002, Company contributions to the merged plans were approximately $676,000,
$659,000,  and  $607,000,  respectively.  The  plan  covered  substantially  all
employees.

Note 8.  Income Taxes

The components of income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2004, 2003
and 2002 are as follows:

                             2004           2003           2002
                       ------------------------------------------

Federal:
  Current                 $3,493,176     $3,752,585     $3,819,350
  Deferred                   (48,519)      (266,898)      (184,965)
                          ----------------------------------------
                           3,444,657      3,485,687      3,634,385
                          ----------------------------------------
State:
  Current                    815,664        852,953        819,039
  Deferred                    (4,929)       (17,853)       (15,048)
                          ----------------------------------------
                             810,735        835,100        803,991
                          ----------------------------------------

Income tax expense        $4,255,392     $4,320,787     $4,438,376
                          ========================================

Total income tax expense differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S.
federal  income tax rate of 35% to income before income taxes is a result of the
following for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002:

                                             2004         2003          2002
                                         ---------------------------------------

Income taxes at 35% federal tax rate     $ 5,825,727  $ 5,580,915    $5,364,695
Increase (decrease) resulting from:
  Tax-exempt interest and dividends       (1,870,264)  (1,577,116)   (1,356,187)
  State taxes, net of federal tax
    benefit                                  522,929      548,897       534,831
  Other                                     (223,000)    (231,909)     (104,963)
                                         ---------------------------------------
        Total income tax expense         $ 4,255,392  $ 4,320,787    $4,438,376
                                         =======================================

                                       51
<PAGE>

The tax effects of temporary  differences that give rise to significant portions
of the  deferred tax assets and  deferred  liabilities  at December 31, 2004 and
2003, are as follows:

                                                    2004              2003
                                                ------------------------------
Deferred tax assets:
  Allowance for loan losses                     $  1,901,776      $  1,741,344
  ther items                                         333,792           297,041
                                                ------------------------------
                                                   2,235,568         2,038,385
                                                ------------------------------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Net unrealized gains on securities
    available for sale                            (4,385,799)       (5,236,346)
  Other                                             (184,439)          (40,704)
                                                ------------------------------
                                                  (4,570,238)       (5,277,050)
                                                -------------------------------
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)           $ (2,334,670)     $ (3,238,665)
                                                ===============================

At December 31, 2004 and 2003,  income taxes currently  payable of approximately
$182,000 and $390,000,  respectively, are included in accrued interest and other
liabilities.

Note 9.  Commitments, Contingencies and Concentrations of Credit Risk

The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the
normal course of business.  These financial  instruments  include commitments to
extend  credit and standby  letters of credit.  These  instruments  involve,  to
varying degrees,  elements of credit risk in excess of the amount  recognized in
the balance sheet.

The  Company's  exposure  to credit loss in the event of  nonperformance  by the
other party to the financial  instrument  for  commitments  to extend credit and
standby  letters of credit is  represented  by the  contractual  amount of those
instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and
conditional obligations as they do for on-balance-sheet  instruments.  A summary
of the Company's commitments at December 31, 2004 and 2003 is as follows:

                                                2004                2003
                                            --------------------------------

Commitments to extend credit                $ 65,894,000        $ 71,100,000
Standby letters of credit                      2,717,000           1,741,000
                                            --------------------------------
                                            $ 68,611,000        $ 72,841,000
                                            ================================

Commitments  to extend  credit are  agreements  to lend to a customer as long as
there is no violation of any condition  established in the contract.  Since many
of the  commitments  are expected to expire  without being drawn upon, the total
commitment amounts do not necessarily  represent future cash  requirements.  The
Bank evaluates each customer's  creditworthiness  on a case-by-case  basis.  The
amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of
credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the party.

Standby  letters of credit are  conditional  commitments  issued by the Banks to
guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party.  Those  guarantees are
primarily  issued to support  public and  private  borrowing  arrangements.  The
credit risk  involved in issuing  letters of credit is  essentially  the same as
that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.  Collateral held varies
and is required in instances  which the Banks deem  necessary.  In the event the
customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the
third  party,  the Banks would be required to fund the  commitment.  The maximum
potential  amount of future  payments  the Banks  could be  required  to make is
represented  by the  contractual  amount  shown  in the  summary  above.  If the
commitments  were funded,  the Banks would be entitled to seek recovery from the
customer.  At  December  31,  2004 and 2003,  no amounts  have been  recorded as
liabilities for the Bank's potential obligations under these guarantees.

In the normal  course of  business,  the Company is  involved  in various  legal
proceedings.  In the opinion of  management,  any liability  resulting from such
proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's  financial
statements.

                                       52
<PAGE>

Concentrations  of credit risk: The Banks originate real estate,  consumer,  and
commercial loans,  primarily in Story,  Boone,  Hamilton and Marshall  Counties,
Iowa,  and  adjacent   counties.   Although  the  Banks  have  diversified  loan
portfolios,  a substantial portion of their borrowers' ability to repay loans is
dependent upon economic conditions in the Banks' market areas.

Note 10. Regulatory Matters

The Company and its subsidiary banks are subject to various  regulatory  capital
requirements  administered  by the  federal  banking  agencies.  Failure to meet
minimum  capital  requirements  can  initiate  certain  mandatory - and possible
additional discretionary - actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have
a direct material effect on the Company's  financial  statements.  Under capital
adequacy  guidelines and the regulatory  framework for prompt corrective action,
the Company must meet  specific  capital  guidelines  that involve  quantitative
measures of the  Company's  assets,  liabilities  and certain  off-balance-sheet
items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company's capital
amounts and classification are also subject to regulatory  accounting practices.
The Company's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative
judgments  by the  regulators  about  components,  risk  weightings,  and  other
factors.

Quantitative  measures  established  by  regulation to ensure  capital  adequacy
require the Company and each  subsidiary  bank to maintain  minimum  amounts and
ratios (set forth in the table below) of total and Tier I capital (as defined in
the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier I capital (as
defined) to average assets (as defined). Management believes, as of December 31,
2004  and  2003,  that the  Company  and each  subsidiary  bank met all  capital
adequacy requirements to which they are subject.

As of December 31, 2004, the most recent  notification  from the federal banking
regulators  categorized  the  subsidiary  banks as well  capitalized  under  the
regulatory  framework  for  prompt  corrective  action.  To  be  categorized  as
adequately capitalized the banks must maintain minimum total risk-based,  Tier I
risk-based,  and Tier I leverage  ratios as set forth in the  table.  Management
believes  there are no  conditions or events since that  notification  that have
changed the  institution's  category.  The Company's and each of the  subsidiary
bank's  actual  capital  amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 are
also presented in the table.

<TABLE>
                                                                                           To Be Well
                                                                                        Capitalized Under
                                                                For Capital             Prompt Corrective
                                         Actual               Adequacy Purposes         Action Provisions
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Amount        Ratio       Amount        Ratio        Amount        Ratio
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>              <C>       <C>             <C>         <C>           <C>
As of December 31, 2004:
  Total capital (to risk
   - weighted assets):
   Consolidated                $ 109,931        18.6%     $ 47,274         8.0%
   Boone Bank & Trust             13,047        15.0         6,966         8.0        $ 8,707        10.0%
   First National Bank            42,473        14.6        23,196         8.0         28,995        10.0
   Randall-Story State Bank        8,262        15.7         4,220         8.0          5,275        10.0
   State Bank & Trust             12,114        15.2         6,370         8.0          7,962        10.0
   United Bank & Trust             7,700        12.6         4,897         8.0          6,122        10.0

 Tier 1 capital ( to risk
   - weighted assets):
   Consolidated                $ 103,456        17.5%     $ 23,637         4.0%
   Boone Bank & Trust             12,092        13.9         3,483         4.0        $ 5,224         6.0%
   First National Bank            39,119        13.5        11,598         4.0         17,397         6.0
   Randall-Story State Bank        7,602        14.4         2,110         4.0          3,165         6.0
   State Bank & Trust             11,227        14.1         3,185         4.0          4,777         6.0
   United Bank & Trust             7,065        11.5         2,449         4.0          3,673         6.0

  Tier 1 capital( to average
    - weighted assets):
    Consolidated               $ 103,456        12.3%     $ 33,654         4.0%
    Boone Bank & Trust            12,092        10.6         4,580         4.0        $ 5,726         5.0%
    First National Bank           39,119         9.3        16,911         4.0         21,139         5.0
    Randall-Story State Bank       7,602        10.5         2,892         4.0          3,614         5.0
    State Bank & Trust            11,227         9.4         4,794         4.0          5,992         5.0
    United Bank & Trust            7,065         8.2         3,458         4.0          4,322         5.0
</TABLE>

                                       53
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                                                             To Be Well
                                                                                          Capitalized Under
                                                                   For Capital            Prompt Corrective
                                              Actual            Adequacy Purposes         Action Provisions
                                     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Amount        Ratio        Amount       Ratio        Amount       Ratio
<S>                                   <C>            <C>         <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>
As of December 31, 2003:
  Total capital (to risk-
    weighted assets):
    Consolidated                     $ 104,460        20.3%      $ 41,261        8.0%
    Boone Bank & Trust                  12,284        14.9          6,613        8.0      $   8,267       10.0%
    First National Bank                 40,460        16.0         20,264        8.0         25,330       10.0
    Randall-Story State Bank             7,902        15.5          4,069        8.0          5,087       10.0
    State Bank & Trust                  11,509        18.2          5,048        8.0          6,310       10.0
    United Bank & Trust                  5,491        12.0          3,653        8.0          4,566       10.0

  Tier 1 capital ( to risk-
    weighted assets):
   Consolidated                       $ 98,409        19.1%      $ 20,630        4.0%
  Boone Bank & Trust                    11,333        13.7          3,307        4.0      $   4,960        6.0%
  First National Bank                   37,354        14.7         10,132        4.0         15,198        6.0
  Randall-Story State Bank               7,266        14.3          2,035        4.0          3,052        6.0
  State Bank & Trust                    10,719        17.0          2,524        4.0          3,786        6.0
  United Bank & Trust                    5,011        11.0          1,826        4.0          2,740        6.0

Tier 1 capital ( to average-
  weighted assets):
  Consolidated                        $ 98,409        13.0%      $ 30,330        4.0%
  Boone Bank & Trust                    11,333        10.2          4,442        4.0      $   5,553        5.0%
  First National Bank                   37,354         9.8         15,179        4.0         18,974        5.0
  Randall-Story State Bank               7,266        10.2          2,840        4.0          3,551        5.0
  State Bank & Trust                    10,719         9.9          4,343        4.0          5,429        5.0
  United Bank & Trust                    5,011         7.3          2,741        4.0          3,426        5.0

</TABLE>

Note 11. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments (as described
in Note 1) as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 were as follows:

<TABLE>
                                                  2004                            2003
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Carrying          Fair           Carrying        Fair
                                        Amount           Value           Amount         Value
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>
Financial assets:
  Cash and due from banks           $  18,759,086   $  18,759,086   $  31,982,144  $  31,982,144
  Federal funds sold                   19,865,000      19,865,000      20,380,000     20,380,000
  Interest-bearing deposits             9,575,174       9,575,174       6,363,538      6,363,538
  Securities available-for-sale       363,459,462     363,459,462     323,115,914    323,115,914
  Loans, net                          411,638,565     413,071,863     355,533,119    358,891,066
  Loans held for sale                     234,469         234,469         859,139        859,139
Accrued income receivable               6,262,424       6,262,424       5,842,247      5,842,247
Financial liabilities:
  Deposits                          $ 658,175,839   $ 659,865,147   $ 619,548,527  $ 623,208,058
  Other borrowings                     64,072,475      64,072,475      18,198,403     18,198,403
  Accrued interest                      1,302,021       1,302,021       1,361,819      1,361,819
</TABLE>

                                       54
<PAGE>

Note 12. Ames National Corporation (Parent Company Only) Financial Statements

Information relative to the Parent Company's balance sheets at December 31, 2004
and 2003,  and  statements of income and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2004, is as follows:

                                 BALANCE SHEETS
                           December 31, 2004 and 2003


                                                     2004              2003
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSETS

Cash and due from banks                          $      6,983      $      1,213
Interest-bearing deposits in banks                  2,718,126         1,588,995
Securities available-for-sale                      32,177,363        33,654,060
Investment in bank subsidiaries                    79,151,605        76,105,383
Loans receivable, net                               1,077,000                 -
Premises and equipment, net                           439,059           475,551
Accrued income receivable                             160,537           151,335
Other assets                                          142,938             7,198
                                                 -------------------------------
          Total assets                           $115,873,611      $111,983,735
                                                 ===============================

LIABILITIES

  Dividends payable                              $  1,537,162      $  1,441,204
  Deferred income taxes                             3,074,468         2,528,955
  Accrued expenses and other liabilities              338,041           688,581
                                                 ------------------------------
          Total liabilities                         4,949,671         4,658,740
                                                 -------------------------------

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

  Common stock                                     15,766,150        15,766,150
  Additional paid-in capital                       25,378,746        25,351,979
  Retained earnings                                63,200,352        58,400,660
  Treasury stock, at cost                            (889,020)       (1,109,735)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income            7,467,712         8,915,941
                                                 -------------------------------
          Total equity                            110,923,940       107,324,995
                                                 -------------------------------
          Total liabilities and
            stockholders' equity                 $115,873,611      $111,983,735
                                                 ===============================


                                       55
<PAGE>

                     STATEMENTS OF INCOME
         Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002


                                            2004          2003          2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income:
  Equity in net income of bank
    subsidiaries                         $11,857,298   $10,440,180   $10,108,107
  Interest                                   473,375       542,640       745,488
  Dividends                                1,063,203       962,049       979,071
  Rents                                       70,425       140,147       150,894
  Securities gains, net                      308,273     1,207,735       881,938
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          13,772,574    13,292,751    12,865,498

Provision for loan losses                     16,000       (16,000)           -
                                          --------------------------------------
        Operating income after
          provision for
          loan losses                     13,756,574    13,308,751    12,865,498

Operating expenses:                        1,517,028     1,379,066     1,320,360
                                          --------------------------------------

        Income before income taxes        12,239,546    11,929,685    11,545,138

Income tax expense (benefit)                (150,000)      305,000       205,000
                                         ---------------------------------------
        Net income                       $12,389,546   $11,624,685   $11,340,138
                                         =======================================

                                       56
<PAGE>

                        STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
              Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
<TABLE>
                                                                     2004                2003                2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
<S>                                                             <C>                 <C>                  <C>
  Net income                                                    $ 12,389,546        $ 11,624,685         $11,340,138
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation                                                      66,473              77,132              80,620
    Provision for loan losses                                         16,000             (16,000)                 -
    Amortization and accretion, net                                   (6,004)             (8,014)            (16,060)
    Provision for deferred taxes                                           -             (36,385)            (56,023)
    Securities gains, net                                           (308,273)         (1,207,735)           (881,938)
    Equity in net income of bank subsidiaries                    (11,857,299)        (10,440,180)        (10,108,107)
    Dividends received from bank subsidiaries                      8,384,000           7,868,000           5,978,000
    (Increase) decrease in accrued income receivable                  (9,202)             61,798           1,446,277
    (Increase) decrease in other assets                             (135,740)            148,587            (130,281)
    Increase (decrease) in accrued expense payable
      and other liabilities                                         (350,540)            336,997             246,165
                                                                ----------------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by operating activities               $  8,188,961        $  8,408,885         $ 7,898,791
                                                                ----------------------------------------------------


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchase of securities available-for-sale                     $ (1,454,604)       $ (7,292,720)        $(7,334,938)
  Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale              4,200,716           4,067,605           8,611,304
  Proceeds from maturities and calls of securities                   519,223
    available-for-sale                                                    -            2,170,435           2,196,163
  (Increase) decrease in interest bearing deposits
    in banks                                                      (1,129,131)           (192,339)            769,809
  (Increase) decrease in loans                                    (1,093,000)            722,968            (448,741)
  Purchase of bank premises and equipment                            (29,981)            (34,976)            (95,226)
  Investment in bank subsidiaries                                 (1,950,000)         (1,000,000)         (5,000,000)
                                                                ----------------------------------------------------
        Net cash (used in) investing activities                 $   (936,777)       $ (1,559,027)        $(1,301,629)
                                                                ----------------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Dividends paid                                                  (7,493,896)         (7,077,117)         (6,755,449)
  Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock                           247,482             221,870             158,151
                                                                ----------------------------------------------------
        Net cash (used in) financing activities                 $ (7,246,414)       $ (6,855,247)        $(6,597,298)
                                                                ----------------------------------------------------

        Net increase (decrease) in cash and
          cash equivalents                                      $      5,770        $     (5,389)        $      (136)

CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS
  Beginning                                                            1,213               6,602               6,738
                                                                ----------------------------------------------------
  Ending                                                             $ 6,983        $      1,213         $     6,602
                                                                ====================================================
</TABLE>

                                       57
<PAGE>

Note 13.  Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
                                                                              2004
                                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   March 31         June 30           September 30      December 31
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>             <C>                  <C>              <C>
Total interest income                            $ 8,914,804     $ 9,109,031          $ 9,323,847      $ 10,005,977
Total interest expense                             2,391,174       2,451,952            2,662,249         3,057,952
Net interest income                                6,523,630       6,657,079            6,661,598         6,948,025
Provision for loan losses                             58,355         210,353              (63,820)          274,467
Net income                                         2,964,542       2,862,039            3,372,387         3,190,578
Basic and diluted earnings per common share             0.95            0.91                 1.08              1.01

                                                                              2003
                                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   March 31         June 30           September 30      December 31
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total interest income                            $ 8,714,233     $ 8,876,124          $ 8,818,046       $ 8,905,337
Total interest expense                             2,690,209       2,723,323            2,467,155         2,458,095
Net interest income                                6,024,024       6,152,801            6,350,891         6,447,242
Provision for loan losses                            119,745         305,995               87,000           132,707
Net income                                         2,870,325       2,649,229            3,240,642         2,864,489
Basic and diluted earnings per common share             0.92            0.85                 1.03              0.91
</TABLE>

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     There  have  been  no  changes  in  or  disagreements  with  the  Company's
independent  accountants  during the two most recently ended fiscal years of the
Company.

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     As of the end of the  period  covered by this  report,  an  evaluation  was
performed  under the  supervision  and with the  participation  of the Company's
Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the
Company's  disclosure  controls and  procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule
240.13a-15 (e)). Based on that evaluation,  the Chief Executive  Officer and the
Chief  Financial  Officer have concluded that the Company's  current  disclosure
controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information  required to be
disclosed  by the  Company in the  reports  that it files or  submits  under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods  specified in the Securities  and Exchange  Commission's
rules and forms.

     Management's  annual report on internal control over financial reporting is
contained in Item 8 of this Report.

     The attestation  report of the Company's  registered public accounting firm
on  management's  assessment of the Company's  internal  control over  financial
reporting is contained in Item 8 of this Report.

     There were no changes in the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial
reporting  that occurred  during the quarter  ended  December 31, 2004 that have
materially  affected,  or  are  reasonably  likely  to  materially  affect,  the
Company's internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION

None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Directors

     Refer to the information under the caption "Information Concerning Nominees
for Election as Directors"  and  "Information  Concerning  Directors  Other Than
Nominees"  contained in the Company's  definitive  proxy  statement  prepared in
connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 27, 2005, as
filed with the SEC on March 16, 2005 (the "Proxy Statement"),  which information
is incorporated herein by this reference.

                                       58
<PAGE>

Executive Officers

     The  information  required  by Item 10  regarding  the  executive  officers
appears in Item 1 of Part I of this Report under the heading "Executive Officers
of  the  Company  and  Banks".

Section  16(a)  Beneficial  Ownership  Reporting Compliance

     Refer to the  information  under  the  caption  "Section  16(a)  Beneficial
Ownership  Reporting  Compliance" in the Proxy Statement,  which  information is
incorporated herein by this reference.

Audit Committee Financial Expert

The board of directors of the Company has  determined  that Warren R. Madden,  a
member of the  Audit  Committee,  qualifies  as an  "audit  committee  financial
expert"  under  applicable  SEC  rules.  The  board  of  directors  has  further
determined  that  Mr.  Madden  qualifies  as  an  "independent"  director  under
applicable  SEC rules and the  corporate  governance  rules of the NASDAQ  stock
market.  The board's  affirmative  determination was based,  among other things,
upon Mr.  Madden's  experience as Vice President of Finance and Business of Iowa
State  University,  a position in which he functions as the principal  financial
officer of the university.

Code of Ethics

The Company has adopted an Ethics and Confidentiality Policy that applies to all
directors,  officers  and  employees  of the  Company.  A copy of this policy is
posted on the Company's website at  www.amesnational.com.  In the event that the
Company  makes any  amendments  to, or grants any waivers of, a provision of the
Ethics and Confidentiality  Policy that requires disclosure under applicable SEC
rules, the Company intends to disclose such amendments or waiver and the reasons
therefore on its website.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Refer to the information under the caption "Executive  Compensation" in the
Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     Refer  to  the  information  under  the  caption  "Security   Ownership  of
Management  and  Certain  Beneficial  Owners"  in  the  Proxy  Statement,  which
information is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Refer  to the  information  under  the  caption  "Loans  to  Directors  and
Executive Officers and Related Party Transactions" in the Proxy Statement, which
information is incorporated herein by this reference.

                                       59
<PAGE>

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

     Refer to the information under the caption  "Relationship  with Independent
Public  Accountants" in the Proxy Statement,  which  information is incorporated
herein by this reference.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)    List of Financial Statements and Schedules.

       1.  Financial Statements

           Reports of McGladrey & Pullen, LLP,  Independent Registered Public
             Accounting Firm
           Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2004 and 2003
           Consolidated  Statements of Income for the Years ended
              December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
           Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for
              the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended
              December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

       2.  Financial Statement Schedules

           All  schedules  are omitted  because they are not  applicable  or not
           required,  or because  the  required  information  is included in the
           consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.


 (b)   List of Exhibits.

           3.1 - Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated
           by reference to Registration  Statement on Form 10 filed on April 30,
           2002).

           3.2 - Bylaws of the Company  (incorporated by reference to the Annual
           Report on Form 10K filed on March 12, 2004).

           10  -  Management   Incentive   Compensation  Plan  (incorporated  by
           reference to) Annual Report on Form 10K filed on March 25, 2003).*

           21   - Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

           23.1 - Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

           31.1 -  Certification  of  Principal  Executive  Officer  Pursuant to
           Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

           31.2 -  Certification  of  Principal  Financial  Officer  Pursuant to
           Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

           32.1 - Certification  of Principal  Executive  Officer Pursuant to 18
           U.S.C. Section 1350

           32.2 - Certification  of Principal  Executive  Officer Pursuant to 18
           U.S.C. Section 1350

         * Indicates a management compensatory plan or arrangement.

                                       60
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                               AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION


         March 15, 2005         By: /s/ Daniel L. Krieger
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Daniel L. Krieger, Chairman and President
                                    (Principal Executive Officer)


         March 15, 2005         By: /s/ John P. Nelson
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    John P. Nelson, Vice President
                                    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
this  report has been  signed  below by the  following  persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated and on March 15, 2005.


                                         By: /s/ Betty A. Baudler Horras
                                             ---------------------------------
                                             Betty A. Baudler Horras, Director


                                         By: /s/Douglas C. Gustafson
                                             ---------------------------------
                                             Douglas C. Gustafson, Director


                                         By: /s/ Charles D. Jons
                                             --------------------------------
                                             Charles D. Jons, Director


                                         By: /s/ Warren R. Madden
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             Warren R. Madden, Director


                                         By: /s/ Fred C. Samuelson
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             Fred C. Samuelson, Director


                                         By: /s/ Marvin J. Walter
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             Marvin J. Walter, Director


                                       61
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT INDEX
The following exhibits are filed herewith:

Exhibit No.                       Description
----------  --------------------------------------------------------------------
      3.1  - Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated
             by reference to Registration  Statement on Form 10 filed on
             April 30, 2002).

      3.2  - Bylaws of the Company  (incorporated by reference to the Annual
             Report on Form 10K filed on March 12, 2004).

       10  - Management   Incentive   Compensation  Plan  (incorporated  by
             reference to) Annual Report on Form 10K filed on March 25, 2003).*

       21  - Subsidiaries

     23.1  - Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

     31.1  - Certification  of  Principal  Executive  Officer  pursuant to
             Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

     31.2  - Certification  of  Principal  Financial  Officer  pursuant to
             Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

     32.1  - Certification  of Principal  Executive  Officer pursuant to Section
             906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

     32.2  - Certification  of Principal  Executive  Officer pursuant to Section
             906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


                                       62
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
