<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ames10k.txt
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                    ---------
                                    FORM 10-K

              Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                        Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.      Commission File Number 0-32637

                            AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              IOWA                                       42-1039071
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  (State or other jurisdiction              (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
of incorporation or organization)

     405 FIFTH STREET, AMES, IOWA                                     50010
----------------------------------------                            ----------
(Address of principal executive offices)                            (Zip Code)

                                 (515) 232-6251
              ----------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          COMMON STOCK, $5.00 PAR VALUE
                          -----------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes __X__ No _____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant as of February 28, 2002 was $74,610,560.

The number of shares  outstanding of the  registrant's  common stock,  $5.00 par
value, on February 28, 2002, were 3,125,229.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions  of the  registrant's  definitive  proxy  statement,  as filed with the
Securities  and Exchange  Commission  on March 25,  2002,  are  incorporated  by
reference under Part III of this Form 10-K.

                                       1
<PAGE>




                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                            PAGE

Part I

Item 1.  Business..........................................................    3
Item 2.  Properties........................................................   13
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.................................................   13
Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Shareholders...................   14

Part II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Stock and Related
           Shareholder Matters.............................................   14
Item 6.  Selected Financial Data...........................................   15
Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
           Condition and Results Of Operations.............................   16
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk........   28
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.......................   30
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
            Accounting and Financial Disclosure............................   49

Part III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant................   50
Item 11. Executive Compensation............................................   50
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management....   50
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions....................   50

Part IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K...   51

                                       2
<PAGE>



                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

General

Ames  National  Corporation  (the  "Company")  is an Iowa  corporation  and bank
holding  company  registered  under the Bank  Holding  Company  Act of 1956,  as
amended.  The Company owns 100 percent of the stock of four banking subsidiaries
consisting of one national bank and three  state-chartered  banks,  as described
below.  All of the Company's  operations  are conducted in the State of Iowa and
primarily  within  the  central  Iowa  counties  of Boone  and  Story  where the
Company's banking  subsidiaries are located.  The Company does not engage in any
material   business   activities   apart  from  its  ownership  of  its  banking
subsidiaries.  The principal executive offices of the Company are located at 405
Fifth Street, Ames, Iowa 50010 and its telephone number is (515) 232-6251.

The Company was organized and incorporated on January 21, 1975 under the laws of
the  State of Iowa to serve  as a  holding  company  for its  principal  banking
subsidiary,  First National Bank, Ames, Iowa ("First National") located in Ames,
Iowa.  In 1983,  the  Company  acquired  the stock of the State Bank & Trust Co.
("State  Bank")  located  in  Nevada,  Iowa;  in 1991,  the  Company,  through a
newly-chartered  state bank known as Boone  Bank and Trust Co.  ("Boone  Bank"),
acquired  certain  assets and assumed  certain  liabilities  of the former Boone
State Bank & Trust  Company  located in Boone,  Iowa;  and in 1995,  the Company
acquired  the  stock of the  Randall-Story  State  Bank  ("Randall-Story  Bank")
located  in Story  City,  Iowa.  First  National,  State  Bank,  Boone  Bank and
Randall-Story  Bank  are  each  operated  as a wholly  owned  subsidiary  of the
Company.  These four  financial  institutions  are referred to in this Form 10-K
collectively as the "Banks" and individually as a "Bank".

The  principal  sources of Company  revenue are: (i) interest and fees earned on
loans made by the Banks; (ii) service charges on deposit accounts  maintained at
the Banks;  (iii) interest on fixed income  investments held by the Banks;  (iv)
fees on trust services provided by those Banks exercising trust powers;  and (v)
securities gains and dividends on equity investments held by the Company and the
Banks.

The Banks' lending  activities  consist  primarily of short-term and medium-term
commercial and real estate loans,  agricultural and business operating loans and
lines of credit,  equipment  loans,  vehicle loans,  personal loans and lines of
credit,  home improvement  loans and secondary  mortgage loan  origination.  The
Banks also offer a variety of demand, savings and time deposits, cash management
services,  merchant credit card processing,  safe deposit boxes, wire transfers,
direct  deposit  of payroll  and social  security  checks and  automated  teller
machine access. Three of the four Banks also offer trust services.

The Company provides  various  services to the Banks which include,  but are not
limited to, management assistance,  auditing services,  human resources services
and   administration,    compliance   management,   marketing   assistance   and
coordination,  loan review and assistance  with respect to computer  systems and
procedures.

On February 14, 2002, the Company  submitted an application to the Office of the
Comptroller  of the  Currency  ("OCC") to establish a de novo  national  bank in
Marshalltown,  Iowa under the name  "United Bank & Trust  National  Association"
(the "Proposed Bank"). The Company received preliminary  conditional approval to
establish the Proposed Bank from the OCC on March 20, 2002.  Final approval from
the OCC is  contingent,  among  other  things,  upon  approval  by the  Board of
Governors  of the  Federal  Reserve  System  of  the  Company's  application  to
establish  the  Proposed  Bank and  approval  by the Federal  Deposit  Insurance
Corporation  ("FDIC") of deposit insurance for the Proposed Bank.  Provided that
all regulatory approvals are received within the expected timeframe, the Company
contemplates  that the Proposed Bank will commence  operations during the second
or third quarter of 2002. Additional information concerning the Proposed Bank is
set forth below.

                                       3
<PAGE>


Banking Subsidiaries

First  National Bank,  Ames,  Iowa.  First  National is a nationally  chartered,
commercial  bank  insured  by the FDIC.  It was  organized  in 1903 and became a
wholly owned  subsidiary  of the Company in 1975 through a bank holding  company
reorganization  whereby the then shareholders of First National exchanged all of
their First  National stock for stock in the Company.  First  National  provides
full-service  banking to businesses and residents  within the Ames community and
surrounding  area.  It provides a variety of products and  services  designed to
meet the needs of the  market it  serves.  It has an  experienced  staff of bank
officers  who have  spent the  majority  of their  banking  careers  with  First
National and who emphasize  long-term  customer  relationships.  First  National
conducts  business  out of  three  full-service  offices  and one  super  market
location, all located in the city of Ames.

As of December  31,  2001,  First  National  had capital of  $34,192,364  and 90
full-time equivalent  employees.  Full-time  equivalents represent the number of
people a business would employ if all its employees were employed on a full-time
basis. It is calculated by dividing the total number of hours worked by all full
and part-time employees by the number of hours a full-time individual would work
for a given period of time. First National had net income of $5,834,000 in 2001,
$4,800,000 in 2000 and $5,659,000 in 1999. Total assets as of December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999 were $349,702,000, $341,864,000 and $343,461,000, respectively.

State Bank & Trust Co., Nevada,  Iowa.  State Bank is an Iowa,  state-chartered,
FDIC  insured  commercial  bank.  State Bank was acquired by the Company in 1983
through  a stock  transaction  whereby  the  then  shareholders  of  State  Bank
exchanged  all their State Bank stock for stock in the  Company.  State Bank was
organized in 1939 and provides  full-serve  banking to businesses  and residents
within the Nevada area from its main Nevada  location  and two  offices;  one in
McCallsburg,  Iowa and the other in Colo,  Iowa.  It is strong in  agricultural,
commercial,  and  residential  real estate  lending.  State Bank also provides a
broad line of property,  casualty,  personal and business  insurance products to
its customers.

As of December 31, 2001,  State Bank had capital of $10,128,000 and 23 full-time
equivalent  employees.  It had net income of $1,294,000  in 2001,  $1,134,000 in
2000 and $1,284,000 in 1999. Total assets as of December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
were $94,004,000, $97,285,000 and $92,436,000, respectively.

Boone Bank and Trust Co., Boone,  Iowa. Boone Bank is an Iowa,  state-chartered,
FDIC insured  commercial  bank.  Boone Bank was organized in 1992 by the Company
under  a new  state  charter  in  connection  with  a  purchase  and  assumption
transaction  whereby Boone Bank  purchased  certain  assets and assumed  certain
liabilities  of the former  Boone State Bank & Trust  Company in exchange  for a
cash  payment.  It provides  full service  banking to  businesses  and residents
within the Boone  community  and  surrounding  area.  It is actively  engaged in
agricultural,  consumer and commercial lending, including real estate, operating
and  equipment  loans.  It  conducts  business  from its main  office and a full
service office, both located in Boone.

As of December 31, 2001,  Boone Bank had capital of $10,032,000 and 26 full-time
equivalent  employees.  It had net income of $1,302,000  in 2001,  $1,178,000 in
2000 and $1,306,000 in 1999. Total assets as of December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
were $94,356,000, $99,867,000 and $99,294,000, respectively.

Randall-Story  State Bank,  Story  City,  Iowa.  Randall-Story  Bank is an Iowa,
state-chartered,  FDIC insured commercial bank.  Randall-Story Bank was acquired
by the Company in 1995 through a stock transaction whereby the then shareholders
of Randall-Story Bank exchanged all their  Randall-Story Bank stock for stock in
the Company.  Randall-Story Bank was organized in 1928 and provides full-service
banking to Story City and the  surrounding  area from its main location in Story
City and a full service office in Randall,  Iowa.  While its primary emphasis is
in  agricultural  lending,  Randall-Story  Bank also  provides  the  traditional
lending  services  typically  offered by community  banks.  It also owns a small
insurance agency which operates out of the Randall office.

As of December 31, 2001,  Randall-Story  Bank had capital of  $6,933,000  and 16
full-time equivalent employees.  It had net income of $692,000 in 2001, $744,000
in 2000 and $611,000 in 1999.  Total  assets as of December  31, 2001,  2000 and
1999 were $63,680,000, $60,312,000 and $55,024,000, respectively.

The business plan for the Proposed Bank submitted as part of the OCC application
provides that the Proposed Bank will be  established  as a de novo national bank
in  Marshalltown,  Iowa.  The  Proposed  Bank will  operate as a community  bank
offering a broad range of deposit and loan products, as well as internet banking
and trust services,  to customers  located in the  Marshalltown  and surrounding
Marshall  County,  Iowa area.  The  Proposed  Bank will be  wholly-owned  by the
Company and will be  capitalized  through a $5 million  contribution  to capital
(consisting  of $1.5  million of capital and $3.5 million of surplus) to be made
by the  Company.  The capital  contribution  to be made by the  Company  will be
financed through the sale of a portion of the Company's investment portfolio.

                                       4
<PAGE>

Business Strategy and Operations

As a locally owned,  multi-bank  holding company,  the Company emphasizes strong
personal  relationships  to provide products and services that meet the needs of
the Banks' customers.  The Company seeks to achieve growth and maintain a strong
return on equity.  To accomplish these goals, the Banks focus on small to medium
size businesses  that  traditionally  wish to develop an exclusive  relationship
with a single bank. The Banks,  individually and collectively,  have the size to
give the  personal  attention  required by business  owners,  in addition to the
credit expertise to help businesses meet their goals.

The Banks offer a full range of deposit services that are typically available in
most financial institutions,  including checking accounts,  savings accounts and
other time  deposits of various  types,  ranging from money  market  accounts to
longer term  certificates  of deposit.  One major goal in developing  the Banks'
product  mix is to keep the product  offerings  as simple as  possible,  both in
terms of the number of products and the features and benefits of the  individual
services.  The transaction  accounts and time  certificates are tailored to each
Bank's  principal  market area at rates  competitive in that Bank's  market.  In
addition,  retirement accounts such as IRAs (Individual Retirement Accounts) are
available.  The FDIC insures all deposit accounts up to the maximum amount.  The
Banks solicit  these  accounts from  small-to-medium  sized  businesses in their
respective primary trade areas, and from individuals who live and/or work within
these areas. No material portion of the Banks' deposits has been obtained from a
single  person or from a few  persons.  Therefore,  the Company does not believe
that the loss of the  deposits of any person or of a few  persons  would have an
adverse effect on the Banks' operations or erode their deposit base.

Loans are provided to creditworthy  borrowers  regardless of their race,  color,
national  origin,  religion,  sex, age, marital status,  disability,  receipt of
public  assistance  or any other basis  prohibited  by law.  The Banks intend to
fulfill this  commitment  while  maintaining  prudent credit  standards.  In the
course of fulfilling this obligation to meet the credit needs of the communities
which  they  serve,  the Banks give  consideration  to each  credit  application
regardless of the fact that the applicant may reside in a low to moderate income
neighborhood,  and without regard to the  geographic  location of the residence,
property or business within their market areas.

The Banks  provide  innovative,  quality  financial  products,  such as Internet
banking and trust  services that meet the banking  needs of their  customers and
communities.  The loan  programs and  acceptance  of certain loans may vary from
time-to-time  depending on the funds  available  and  regulations  governing the
banking  industry.  The Banks  offer all  basic  types of credit to their  local
communities and surrounding rural areas, including commercial,  agricultural and
consumer loans. The types of loans within these categories are as follows:

Commercial  Loans.  Commercial  loans are  typically  made to sole  proprietors,
partnerships,  corporations and other business  entities such as  municipalities
and  individuals  where the loan is to be used primarily for business  purposes.
These loans are  typically  secured by assets  owned by the  borrower  and often
times involve personal guarantees given by the owners of the business. The types
of loans the Banks offer include:

-  financing guaranteed under Small Business Administration programs
-  operating and working capital loans
-  loans to finance equipment and other capital purchases
-  commercial real estate loans
-  business lines of credit
-  term loans
-  loans to professionals
-  letters of credit

Agricultural  Loans.  The Banks by nature of their  location in central Iowa are
directly and indirectly involved in agriculture and agri-business  lending. This
includes short-term seasonal lending associated with cyclical crop and livestock
production,  intermediate  term lending for  machinery,  equipment  and breeding
stock  acquisition and long-term real estate lending.  These loans are typically
secured by the crops,  livestock,  equipment or real estate being financed.  The
basic  tenet of the Banks'  agricultural  lending  philosophy  is a blending  of
strong,  positive cash flow supported by an adequate collateral position,  along
with  a  demonstrated  capacity  to  withstand  short-term  negative  impact  if
necessary.   Applicable  governmental  subsidies  and  affiliated  programs  are
utilized if warranted to accomplish these  parameters.  Approximately 15 percent
of the Banks' loans have been made for agricultural purposes. The Banks have not
experienced a material  adverse effect on their business as a result of defaults
on agricultural loans and do not anticipate at the present time experiencing any
such effect in the future.

                                       5
<PAGE>


Consumer  Loans.   Consumer  loans  are  typically  available  to  finance  home
improvements and consumer purchases, such as automobiles, household furnishings,
boats and  education.  These loans are made on both a secured  and an  unsecured
basis. The following types of consumer loans are available:

-  automobiles and trucks
-  boats and recreational vehicles
-  personal loans and lines of credit
-  home equity lines of credit
-  home improvement and rehabilitation loans
-  consumer real estate loans

Other types of credit  programs,  such as loans to nonprofit  organizations,  to
public entities,  for community  development and to other  governmental  offered
programs also are available.

First National,  Boone Bank and State Bank offer trust services  typically found
in a commercial bank with trust powers, including the administration of estates,
conservatorships,  personal and corporate trusts and agency accounts.  The Banks
also provide farm management, investment and custodial services for individuals,
businesses and non-profit organizations.

The Banks earn fees from the origination of residential  mortgages that are sold
in the secondary  real estate market  without  retaining the mortgage  servicing
rights.

The Banks offer traditional  banking services,  such as safe deposit boxes, wire
transfers,  direct  deposit of payroll  and social  security  checks,  automated
teller machine  access and automatic  drafts (ACH) for various  accounts.  State
Bank offers  individual,  professional and business insurance services through a
subsidiary established for that purpose.

Credit Management

The Company strives to achieve sound credit risk management. In order to achieve
this goal, the Company has established  uniform credit policies and underwriting
criteria  for the Banks' loan  portfolios.  The Banks  diversify in the types of
loans offered and are subject to regular credit  examinations,  annual  internal
and external loan audits and annual review of large loans,  as well as quarterly
reviews of loans  experiencing  deterioration  in credit  quality.  The  Company
attempts to identify  potential  problem loans early,  charge off loans promptly
and maintain an adequate  allowance for loan losses. The Company has established
credit  guidelines for the Banks' lending  portfolios  which include  guidelines
relating to the more commonly requested loan types, as follows:

Commercial  Real  Estate  Loans  -  Commercial  real  estate  loans,   including
agricultural  real estate loans,  are normally based on loan to appraisal  value
ratios of 75 percent and secured by a first  priority lien  position.  Loans are
typically  subject to interest rate  adjustments no less frequently than 5 years
from origination. Fully amortized monthly repayment terms normally do not exceed
twenty  years.  Projections  and cash  flows that show  ability to service  debt
within the amortization period are required.  Property and casualty insurance is
required to protect the Banks' collateral interests. Commercial and agricultural
real estate  loans  represent  approximately  42 percent of the loan  portfolio.
Major risk factors for commercial  real estate loans,  as well as the other loan
types described below,  include a geographic  concentration in central Iowa; the
dependence  of the local  economy  upon  several  large  governmental  entities,
including Iowa State University and the Iowa Department of  Transportation;  and
the health of Iowa's agricultural sector that is dependent on weather conditions
and government programs.

Commercial and Agricultural Operating Lines - These loans are made to businesses
and farm  operations  with  terms up to  twelve  months.  The  credit  needs are
generally  seasonal with the source of repayment coming from the entity's normal
business  cycle.  Cash flow reviews are  completed  to establish  the ability to
service  the debt  within the terms of the loan.  A first  priority  lien on the
general  assets of the business  normally  secure these types of loans.  Loan to
value limits vary and are dependent  upon the nature and type of the  underlying
collateral and the financial  strength of the borrower.  Crop and hail insurance
is required for most agricultural  borrowers.  Loans are generally guaranteed by
the principal(s).

                                       6
<PAGE>


Commercial and Agricultural  Term Loans - These loans are made to businesses and
farm  operations  to  finance  equipment,   breeding  stock  and  other  capital
expenditures. Terms are generally the lesser of five years or the useful life of
the asset.  Term loans are normally  secured by the asset being financed and are
often  additionally  secured with the general  assets of the  business.  Loan to
value is  generally  75  percent of the cost or value of the  assets.  Loans are
normally guaranteed by the principal(s).  Commercial and agricultural  operating
and term loans represent approximately 22 percent of the loan portfolio.

Residential  First  Mortgage  Loans - Proceeds of these loans are used to buy or
refinance  the  purchase of  residential  real estate with the loan secured by a
first lien on the real estate. Most of the residential mortgage loans originated
by the Banks  (including  servicing  rights) are sold in the secondary  mortgage
market due to the higher interest rate risk inherent in the 15 and 30 year fixed
rate  terms  consumers  prefer.  Loans that are  originated  and not sold in the
secondary  market  generally have higher interest rates and have rate adjustment
periods  of no longer  than  seven  years.  The  maximum  amortization  of first
residential  real estate is 30 years. The  loan-to-value  ratios normally do not
exceed 80  percent  without  credit  enhancements  such as  mortgage  insurance.
Property  insurance  is required  on all loans to protect the Banks'  collateral
position.  Loans secured by one to four family residential  properties represent
approximately 26 percent of the loan portfolio.

Home  Equity  Term  Loans - These  loans are  normally  for the  purpose of home
improvement or other consumer  purposes and are secured by a junior  mortgage on
residential real estate.  Loan-to-value ratios normally do not exceed 90 percent
of market value.

Home Equity  Lines of Credit - The Banks offer a home equity line of credit with
a maximum term of 60 months. These loans are secured by a junior mortgage on the
residential real estate and normally do not exceed a loan-to-market  value ratio
of 90 percent with the interest adjusted quarterly.

Consumer  Loans -  Consumer  loans  are  normally  made to  consumers  under the
following  guidelines.  Automobiles - loans on new and used automobiles will not
exceed 80 and 75 percent of the value,  respectively.  Recreational vehicles and
boats - 66 percent of the value.  Mobile  home - maximum  term on these loans is
180 months with the loan-to-value ratio generally not exceeding 66 percent. Each
of these loans is secured by a first  priority  lien on the assets and  requires
insurance to protect the Banks'  collateral  position.  Unsecured - The term for
unsecured  loans  generally does not exceed 12 months.  Consumer and other loans
represent approximately 6 percent of the loan portfolio.

Employees

At  December  31,  2001,  the  Banks  had a total  of 163  full-time  equivalent
employees  including eight full-time  Company  employees.  The Company and Banks
provide their  employees  with a  comprehensive  program of benefits,  including
comprehensive  medical and dental  plans,  long-term and  short-term  disability
coverage,  a 401(k) profit  sharing plan, a money  purchase plan and an employee
stock  purchase  plan.  Management  considers its relations with employees to be
satisfactory. Unions represent none of the employees.

Market Area

The Company  operates four  commercial  banks with  locations in Story and Boone
Counties in central Iowa.

First National is located in Ames,  Iowa with a population of 50,731.  The major
employers  are Iowa State  University,  Ames  Laboratories,  Iowa  Department of
Transportation,  Mary  Greeley  Medical  Center,  National  Veterinary  Services
Laboratory,  Ames Community Schools,  City of Ames,  Barilla,  Sauer-Danfoss and
McFarland Clinic.  First National's  primary business includes  providing retail
banking services and business and consumer lending. First National has a minimum
exposure to agricultural lending.

Boone Bank is located in Boone,  Iowa with a population of 12,800.  Boone is the
county seat of Boone  County.  The major  employers  are Fareway  Stores,  Inc.,
Patterson  Dental Supply Co., Union Pacific  Railroad,  and  Communication  Data
Services.  Boone Bank provides lending  services to the agriculture,  commercial
and real estate markets.

                                       7
<PAGE>


State Bank is located in Nevada,  Iowa with a population of 6,658. Nevada is the
county seat of Story County.  The major  employers are Print  Graphics,  General
Financial Supply,  Central Iowa Printing,  Burke  Corporation and Almaco.  State
Bank provides  various  types of loans with a major  agricultural  presence.  It
provides a wide variety of banking  services and  products  including  insurance
services to its customers.

Randall-Story  Bank is located in Story City,  Iowa with a population  of 3,228.
The major employers are Pella Corporation,  Bethany Manor,  American  Packaging,
Precision Machine and Record Printing.  Located in a major agricultural area, it
has a strong presence in this type of lending. As a full service commercial bank
it provides a full line of products and services including insurance services.

The Proposed  Bank will be located in  Marshalltown,  Iowa with a population  of
26,000.  The major  employers are Swift & Co.,  Fisher  Controls  International,
Lenox Industries and Marshalltown Medical & Surgical Center.

Competition

The  geographic  market  area  served by the Banks is  highly  competitive  with
respect to both loans and  deposits.  The Banks compete  principally  with other
commercial  banks,  savings  and  loan  associations,  credit  unions,  mortgage
companies, finance divisions of auto and farm equipment companies,  agricultural
suppliers and other financial service  providers.  Some of these competitors are
local,  while others are  statewide or  nationwide.  The major  commercial  bank
competitors  include  several  regional  banks, F & M Bank and Firstar Bank, and
nationwide banks, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, that have
a branch  office or offices  within the Banks'  primary  trade areas.  Among the
advantages  such  larger  banks  have are their  ability  to  finance  extensive
advertising  campaigns  and to allocate  their  investment  assets to geographic
regions of higher yield and demand. Such banks offer certain services, which are
not offered directly by the Banks, but that may be offered through correspondent
banking institutions.  These larger banking organizations have much higher legal
lending  limits  than the  Banks  and  thus are  better  able to  finance  large
regional, national and global commercial customers.

In order to compete with the other financial institutions in their primary trade
areas, the Banks use, to the fullest extent possible, the flexibility,  which is
accorded by  independent  status.  This  includes  an  emphasis  on  specialized
services,  local  promotional  activity  and  personal  contacts  by the  Banks'
officers, directors and employees. In particular, the Banks compete for deposits
principally  by  offering   depositors  a  wide  variety  of  deposit  programs,
convenient  office  locations,  hours and other services.  The Banks compete for
loans  primarily by offering  competitive  interest rates,  experienced  lending
personnel and quality products and services.

As of December 31, 2001, there were  approximately 21 other banks or savings and
loan associations having approximately 37 offices or branch offices within Boone
and Story County,  Iowa where the Banks'  offices are located.  First  National,
State Bank and  Randall-Story  Bank  together  have the  largest  percentage  of
deposits in Story County and Boone Bank has the highest  percentage  of deposits
in Boone County.

In Marshall  County,  Iowa,  the location of the Proposed Bank in  Marshalltown,
Iowa,  there were 11 banks and  savings  institutions  with  approximately  $700
million in deposits as of June 30, 2001.  The two largest  banks  accounted  for
nearly 60% of the total deposits.

The Banks also compete with the financial markets for funds. Yields on corporate
and  government  debt  securities  and  commercial  paper  affect the ability of
commercial banks to attract and hold deposits. Commercial banks also compete for
funds with money market instruments and similar  investment  vehicles offered by
competitors including brokerage firms, insurance companies,  credit card issuers
and  retailers  such as Sears.  Money  market  funds  offered by these  types of
organizations  have provided  substantial  competition for deposits.  This trend
will likely continue in the future.

The Company anticipates bank competition will continue to change materially over
the  next  several  years as more  banks,  including  the  major  regionals  and
nationals,  continue to  consolidate.  The larger  financial  institutions  will
continue to consolidate  their branch  systems by providing  incentives to their
customers to use electronic banking instead of brick and mortar branches. Credit
unions, because of their income tax benefits,  will continue to show substantial
growth.

                                       8
<PAGE>


Supervision and Regulation

The following  discussion  generally  refers to certain statutes and regulations
affecting the banking  industry.  These  references  provide brief summaries and
therefore do not purport to be complete and are  qualified in their  entirety by
reference to those statutes and  regulations.  In addition,  due to the numerous
statutes and regulations that apply to and regulate the operation of the banking
industry, many are not referenced below.

The Company and the Banks are subject to extensive  federal and state regulation
and  supervision.  Regulation  and  supervision  of  financial  institutions  is
primarily  intended to protect  depositors and the FDIC rather than shareholders
of the  Company.  The laws and  regulations  affecting  banks  and bank  holding
companies have changed  significantly  over recent years,  particularly with the
passage of the Financial  Services  Modernization Act. There is reason to expect
that similar changes will continue in the future. Any change in applicable laws,
regulations or regulatory  policies may have a material  effect on the business,
operations  and  prospects of the Company.  The Company is unable to predict the
nature or the extent of the effects on its business and earnings that any fiscal
or monetary policies or new federal or state legislation may have in the future.

The Company

The Company is a bank holding  company by virtue of its  ownership of the Banks,
and is  registered  as such with the Board of Governors  of the Federal  Reserve
System (the "Federal  Reserve").  The Company is subject to regulation under the
Bank Holding  Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHCA"),  which  subjects the
Company and the Banks to supervision  and  examination  by the Federal  Reserve.
Under the BHCA, the Company files with the Federal Reserve annual reports of its
operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require.

Source of Strength to the Banks.  The Federal  Reserve takes the position that a
bank  holding  company  is  required  to  serve  as a source  of  financial  and
managerial  strength to its subsidiary  banks and may not conduct its operations
in an unsafe  or  unsound  manner.  In  addition,  it is the  Federal  Reserve's
position that in serving as a source of strength to its subsidiary  banks,  bank
holding  companies  should use available  resources to provide  adequate capital
funds to its subsidiary  banks during periods of financial  stress or adversity.
It should also maintain the financial  flexibility and capital raising  capacity
to obtain additional resources for providing assistance to its subsidiary banks.
A bank holding company's failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of
strength to its  subsidiary  banks will  generally be  considered by the Federal
Reserve to be an unsafe and  unsound  banking  practice  or a  violation  of the
Federal Reserve's regulations or both.

Federal Reserve Approval. Bank holding companies must obtain the approval of the
Federal Reserve before they: (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control
of any voting  stock of any bank if, after such  acquisition,  they would own or
control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 percent of the voting stock of such
bank;  (ii) merge or  consolidate  with another bank holding  company;  or (iii)
acquire substantially all of the assets of any additional banks.

Non-Banking  Activities.  With certain exceptions,  the BHCA also prohibits bank
holding  companies  from  acquiring  direct or indirect  ownership or control of
voting stock in any company other than a bank or a bank holding  company  unless
the  Federal  Reserve  finds the  company's  business  to be  incidental  to the
business of banking. When making this determination, the Federal Reserve in part
considers  whether allowing a bank holding company to engage in those activities
would  offer  advantages  to the public  that would  outweigh  possible  adverse
effects. A bank holding company may engage in permissible non-banking activities
on a de novo basis, if the holding  company meets certain  criteria and notifies
the  Federal  Reserve  within  ten (10)  business  days after the  activity  has
commenced.

Under the Financial Services  Modernization Act, eligible bank holding companies
may elect  (with the  approval of the  Federal  Reserve) to become a  "financial
holding company." Financial holding companies are permitted to engage in certain
financial  activities  through  affiliates  which had previously been prohibited
activities  for  bank  holding  companies.  Such  financial  activities  include
securities and insurance  underwriting and merchant  banking.  At this time, the
Company has not elected to become a financial holding company, but may choose to
do so at some time in the future.

                                       9
<PAGE>


Control  Transactions.  The  Change in Bank  Control  Act of 1978,  as  amended,
requires  a person or group of persons  acquiring  "control"  of a bank  holding
company to  provide  the  Federal  Reserve  with at least 60 days prior  written
notice of the  proposed  acquisition.  Following  receipt  of this  notice,  the
Federal  Reserve  has 60  days to  issue  a  notice  disapproving  the  proposed
acquisition,  but the  Federal  Reserve  may extend  this time  period for up to
another 30 days. An acquisition may be completed  before the disapproval  period
expires  if the  Federal  Reserve  issues  written  notice of its  intent not to
disapprove the action. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal
Reserve,  the  acquisition of 10 percent or more of a class of voting stock of a
bank holding company with a class of securities  registered  under Section 12 of
the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,   would  constitute  the
acquisition of control.  In addition,  any "company" would be required to obtain
the approval of the Federal  Reserve under the BHCA before  acquiring 25 percent
(or 5  percent  if the  "company"  is a bank  holding  company)  or  more of the
outstanding shares of the Company, or otherwise obtain control over the Company.

Affiliate  Transactions.  The Company and the Banks are deemed affiliates within
the meaning of the Federal Reserve Act, and transactions  between affiliates are
subject to certain restrictions.  Generally, the Federal Reserve Act: (i) limits
the extent to which the financial  institution or its subsidiaries may engage in
"covered  transactions"  with an affiliate;  and (ii) requires all  transactions
with  an  affiliate,  whether  or not  "covered  transactions,"  to be on  terms
substantially  the  same,  or at  least  as  favorable  to  the  institution  or
subsidiary, as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term "covered transaction"
includes the making of loans,  purchase of assets,  issuance of a guarantee  and
similar transactions.

State Law on  Acquisitions.  Iowa law permits  bank  holding  companies  to make
acquisitions  throughout  the  state.  However,  Iowa  currently  has a  deposit
concentration  limit of 15 percent on the amount of  deposits  in the state that
any one banking  organization  can control and continue to acquire banks or bank
deposits (by acquisitions),  which applies to all depository  institutions doing
business in Iowa.

Banking Subsidiaries

Applicable  federal  and  state  statutes  and  regulations  governing  a bank's
operations  relate,  among  other  matters,  to capital  adequacy  requirements,
required reserves against deposits,  investments,  loans,  legal lending limits,
certain interest rates payable, mergers and consolidations, borrowings, issuance
of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches and dealings with
affiliated persons.

First  National is a national  bank subject to primary  federal  regulation  and
supervision by the Office of the  Comptroller  of the Currency (the "OCC").  The
FDIC,  as an insurer of the  deposits of First  National,  also has some limited
regulatory   authority  over  First  National.   State  Bank,   Boone  Bank  and
Randall-Story  Bank are state banks subject to regulation and supervision by the
Iowa  Division of Banking.  The three state Banks are also subject to regulation
and  examination  by the FDIC,  which insures their  respective  deposits to the
maximum  extent  permitted  by law.  The  federal  laws that  apply to the Banks
regulate,  among other things,  the scope of their business,  their investments,
their reserves  against  deposits,  the timing of the  availability of deposited
funds and the  nature  and  amount of and  collateral  for  loans.  The laws and
regulations  governing  the Banks  generally  have been  promulgated  to protect
depositors  and the  deposit  insurance  fund  of the  FDIC  and not to  protect
stockholders of such institutions or their holding companies.

The OCC and FDIC each has  authority to prohibit  banks under their  supervision
from  engaging  in what it  considers  to be an unsafe and  unsound  practice in
conducting their business. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement
Act of 1991 ("FDICIA")  requires federal banking regulators to adopt regulations
or  guidelines  in a number  of areas  to  ensure  bank  safety  and  soundness,
including  internal  controls,  credit  underwriting,  asset growth,  management
compensation,  ratios of classified assets to capital and earnings.  FDICIA also
contains   provisions  which  are  intended  to  change   independent   auditing
requirements,  restrict the activities of  state-chartered  insured banks, amend
various consumer banking laws, limit the ability of "undercapitalized  banks" to
borrow from the Federal Reserve's discount window, require regulators to perform
periodic on-site bank examinations and set standards for real estate lending.

                                       10
<PAGE>


Borrowing  Limitations.  Each of the  Banks is  subject  to  limitations  on the
aggregate  amount  of  loans  that it can  make to any one  borrower,  including
related entities.  Subject to numerous exceptions based on the type of loans and
collateral,  applicable  statutes and  regulations  generally limit loans to one
borrower  of 15 percent of total  equity and  reserves.  Each of the Banks is in
compliance with applicable loans to one borrower requirements.

FDIC Insurance. Generally, customer deposit accounts in banks are insured by the
FDIC for up to a maximum  amount of $100,000.  The FDIC has adopted a risk-based
insurance assessment system under which depository institutions contribute funds
to the FDIC  insurance  fund  based on their risk  classification.  The FDIC may
terminate  the deposit  insurance of any insured  depository  institution  if it
determines after an  administrative  hearing that the institution has engaged or
is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition
to continue operations or has violated any applicable law.

Capital  Adequacy  Requirements.  The  Federal  Reserve,  the  FDIC  and the OCC
(collectively,  the "Agencies") have adopted  risk-based  capital guidelines for
banks and bank holding  companies that are designed to make  regulatory  capital
requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank
holding  companies and account for off-balance  sheet items.  Failure to achieve
and maintain adequate capital levels may give rise to supervisory action through
the  issuance  of a capital  directive  to ensure the  maintenance  of  required
capital levels. Each of the Banks is in compliance with applicable capital level
requirements.

The current  guidelines  require  all  federally  regulated  banks to maintain a
minimum  risk-based total capital ratio equal to 8 percent,  of which at least 4
percent must be Tier 1 capital.  Tier 1 capital  includes  common  shareholders'
equity,  qualifying  perpetual  preferred stock and minority interests in equity
accounts of  consolidated  subsidiaries,  but  excludes  goodwill and most other
intangibles and the allowance for loan and lease losses. Tier 2 capital includes
the excess of any  preferred  stock not  included  in Tier 1 capital,  mandatory
convertible  securities,  hybrid  capital  instruments,  subordinated  debt  and
intermediate  term  preferred  stock,  45 percent of  unrealized  gain of equity
securities  and general  reserve for loan and lease losses up to 1.25 percent of
risk weighted assets.  None of the Banks has received any notice indicating that
it will be subject to higher capital requirements.

Under these  guidelines,  banks' assets are given risk weights of 0 percent,  20
percent,  50 percent or 100 percent.  Most loans are assigned to the 100 percent
risk  category,  except for first  mortgage  loans fully secured by  residential
property and, under certain circumstances,  residential construction loans (both
carry a 50 percent  rating).  Most investment  securities are assigned to the 20
percent  category,  except for municipal or state revenue bonds (which have a 50
percent  rating) and direct  obligations  of or  obligations  guaranteed  by the
United States  Treasury or United  States  Government  Agencies  (which have a 0
percent rating).

The Agencies have also  implemented a leverage  ratio,  which is equal to Tier 1
capital as a percentage of average total assets less intangibles,  to be used as
a  supplement  to the risk based  guidelines.  The  principal  objective  of the
leverage  ratio is to limit the maximum  degree to which a bank may leverage its
equity  capital  base.  The  minimum  required  leverage  ratio  for  top  rated
institutions  is 3 percent,  but most  institutions  are required to maintain an
additional  cushion  of at  least  100  to 200  basis  points.  Any  institution
operating  at or near the 3 percent  level is  expected  to be a strong  banking
organization  without any  supervisory,  financial or operational  weaknesses or
deficiencies.  Any institutions  experiencing or anticipating significant growth
would be  expected  to  maintain  capital  ratios,  including  tangible  capital
positions, well above the minimum levels.

Prompt Corrective Action.  Regulations  adopted by the Agencies impose even more
stringent  capital  requirements.  The FDIC and other Agencies must take certain
"prompt corrective action" when a bank fails to meet capital  requirements.  The
regulations  establish and define five capital levels:  (i)  "well-capitalized,"
(ii) "adequately  capitalized,"  (iii)  "undercapitalized,"  (iv) "significantly
undercapitalized"  and (v) "critically  undercapitalized."  Increasingly  severe
restrictions  are imposed on the payment of dividends and management fees, asset
growth and other aspects of the operations of  institutions  that fall below the
category of being "adequately  capitalized".  Undercapitalized  institutions are
required to develop and implement  capital plans  acceptable to the  appropriate
federal  regulatory  agency.  Such  plans must  require  that any  company  that
controls the  undercapitalized  institution must provide certain guarantees that
the institution will comply with the plan until it is adequately capitalized. As
of February 28,  2002,  neither the Company nor any of the Banks were subject to
any  regulatory  order,  agreement  or directive to meet and maintain a specific
capital level for any capital measure.  Furthermore,  as of that same date, each
of the Banks was  categorized  as "well  capitalized"  under  regulatory  prompt
corrective action provisions.

                                       11
<PAGE>


Restrictions  on  Dividends.  Dividends  paid to the Company by the Banks is the
major  source  of  Company  cash  flow.  Various  federal  and  state  statutory
provisions limit the amount of dividends  banking  subsidiaries are permitted to
pay to their holding  companies  without  regulatory  approval.  Federal Reserve
policy further limits the  circumstances  under which bank holding companies may
declare  dividends.  For example, a bank holding company should not continue its
existing  rate of cash  dividends  on its common  stock unless its net income is
sufficient  to fully fund each  dividend  and its  prospective  rate of earnings
retention appears  consistent with its capital needs,  asset quality and overall
financial condition.  In addition,  the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued
policy  statements  which provide that insured banks and bank holding  companies
should generally pay dividends only out of current operating  earnings.  Federal
and state  banking  regulators  may also  restrict  the payment of  dividends by
order.

First National,  as a national bank,  generally may pay dividends from undivided
profits without restriction, provided that its surplus fund is at least equal to
its common stock capital fund. Boone Bank, Randall-Story Bank and State Bank are
also restricted  under Iowa law to paying  dividends only out of their undivided
profits.  Additionally, the payment of dividends by the Banks is affected by the
requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy
guidelines and  regulations,  and the Banks generally are prohibited from paying
any dividends if, following payment thereof, the Bank would be undercapitalized.

Reserves  Against   Deposits.   The  Federal  Reserve  requires  all  depository
institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction  accounts (primarily
checking  accounts) and  non-personal  time deposits.  Generally,  reserves of 3
percent must be maintained against total transaction  accounts of $35,600,000 or
less  (subject  to an  exemption  not in  excess  of  the  first  $5,700,000  of
transaction  accounts).  A reserve of  $1,068,000  plus 10 percent of amounts in
excess of $35,600,000 must be maintained in the event total transaction accounts
exceed  $35,600,000.  The balances  maintained to meet the reserve  requirements
imposed  by the  Federal  Reserve  may be used to satisfy  applicable  liquidity
requirements.  Because required reserves must be maintained in the form of vault
cash or a non-interest  bearing account at a Federal Reserve Bank, the effect of
this reserve requirement is to reduce the earning assets of the Banks.

Bank Offices.  Iowa law regulates the establishment of bank offices and thus may
affect the Company's future plans to establish  additional offices of its Banks.
Pursuant to amendments to Iowa law effective February 21, 2001, current Iowa law
permits a state bank to establish up to three (3) offices anywhere in the state.
Until  July  1,  2004,  and  in  addition  to the  three  offices  which  may be
established  anywhere  in the state,  a bank may only  establish  a bank  office
inside the boundaries of the county in which the principal  place of business of
the state bank is located and those  counties  contiguous  to or cornering  upon
such  county.  The number of offices a state bank may  establish in a particular
municipality or urban complex may also be limited depending upon the population.
Effective July 1, 2004, the  geographical  restrictions on bank office locations
will be repealed. Finally, until July 1, 2004, Iowa law restricts the ability of
a  bank  to  establish  a de  novo  office  within  the  limits  of a  municipal
corporation where there is an already established state or national bank or bank
office.

Regulatory Developments

In 1999,  the  Financial  Services  Modernization  Act was  enacted  which:  (i)
repealed  historical  restrictions  on preventing  banks from  affiliating  with
securities firms; (ii) broadens the activities that may be conducted by national
banks and  banking  subsidiaries  of holding  companies;  and (iii)  provides an
enhanced  framework for  protecting  the privacy of consumers'  information.  In
addition,  bank holding  companies  may be owned,  controlled or acquired by any
company engaged in financially related activities, as long as such company meets
regulatory  requirements.  To the extent that this legislation  permits banks to
affiliate with financial services companies, the banking industry may experience
further  consolidation,  although the impact of this  legislation on the Company
and the Banks is unclear at this time.

Regulatory Enforcement Authority

The  enforcement  powers  available to federal and state banking  regulators are
substantial  and  include,  among  other  things,  the  ability to assess  civil
monetary penalties,  to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and to initiate
injunctive  actions against  banking  organizations  and  institution-affiliated
parties,  as defined.  In general,  enforcement  actions must be  initiated  for
violations  of laws and  regulations  and  unsafe or  unsound  practices.  Other
actions, or inactions,  may provide the basis for enforcement action,  including
misleading or untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. Applicable law
also  requires  public  disclosure of final  enforcement  actions by the federal
banking agencies.

                                       12
<PAGE>


National Monetary Policies

In addition to being affected by general economic  conditions,  the earnings and
growth  of the Banks  are  affected  by the  regulatory  authorities'  policies,
including the Federal Reserve.  An important  function of the Federal Reserve is
to regulate the money supply,  credit  conditions and interest rates.  Among the
instruments  used to implement  these  objectives are open market  operations in
U.S.  Government  securities,  changes  in  reserve  requirements  against  bank
deposits and the Federal Reserve Discount Rate, which is the rate charged member
banks to borrow from the Federal  Reserve Bank.  These  instruments  are used in
varying  combinations  to influence  overall growth and  distribution of credit,
bank loans,  investments  and deposits,  and their use may also affect  interest
rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.

The monetary  policies of the Federal  Reserve have had a material impact on the
operating  results of  commercial  banks in the past and are  expected to have a
similar  impact in the future.  Also  important  in terms of effect on banks are
controls on interest  rates paid by banks on deposits and types of deposits that
may be offered by banks.  The Depository  Institutions  Deregulation  Committee,
created by Congress in 1980,  phased out  ceilings on the rate of interest  that
may be paid on deposits by commercial  banks and savings and loan  associations,
with the result  that the  differentials  between  the  maximum  rates banks and
savings and loans can pay on deposit accounts have been  eliminated.  The effect
of  deregulation  of deposit  interest rates has been to increase banks' cost of
funds and to make banks more sensitive to fluctuation in market rates.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

The Company's  office is housed in the main office of First National  located at
405 Fifth Street,  Ames,  Iowa. That building is owned by First National free of
any  mortgage and consists of  approximately  36,000  square feet and includes a
drive through banking facility. First National has nearly completed construction
of a 16,000 square foot addition to the  building.  The Company's  office is now
located in the new  addition.  In addition to its main  office,  First  National
conducts its business through two full-service  offices,  the University  office
and the North Grand office, and one super-market  location, the Cub Food office.
All offices are located within the city of Ames. The North Grand office is owned
by First National free of any mortgage.  The  University  office is located in a
16,000 square foot  multi-tenant  property owned by the Company.  First National
occupies  5,422  square  feet in that  building  under a 24 year lease with rent
adjusted every six years based upon a consumer  price index.  The current annual
rental is $120,804.  The Cub Foods office is leased by First National from Super
Valu Stores under a 20 year lease with a five year initial term and three,  five
year renewal options. The current annual rental payment is $19,000.

State Bank  conducts  its  business  from its main office  located at 1025 Sixth
Street,  Nevada,  Iowa and from two additional  full-service  offices located in
McCallsburg and Colo, Iowa. All of these properties are owned by State Bank free
of any mortgage.

Boone Bank  conducts  its  business  from its main office  located at 716 Eighth
Street, Boone, Iowa and from one additional  full-service office also located in
Boone, Iowa. All properties are owned by Boone Bank free of any mortgage.

Randall-Story  Bank  conducts its business  from its main office  located at 606
Broad  Street,  Story City,  Iowa and from one  additional  full-service  office
located in Randall,  Iowa. All of these  properties  are owned by  Randall-Story
Bank free of any mortgage.

It is  anticipated  that  the  Proposed  Bank,  upon  receiving  all  regulatory
approvals and  commencing  operations,  will conduct its business from an office
located at 2101 S. Center  Street,  Marshalltown,  Iowa.  This  property will be
purchased by the Proposed Bank from the individual who is expected to become the
president of the Proposed Bank upon  commencement  of operations at a price that
the Company believes to be the fair market value of the property.

The only  property the Company owns is located at 2330 Lincoln Way,  Ames,  Iowa
consisting of a multi tenant building of approximately 16,000 square feet. First
National  leases 5,422 square feet of this  building to serve as its  University
office. The remaining space is currently leased to four other tenants who occupy
the space for business purposes.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Banks are from time to time parties to various legal actions  arising in the
normal course of business.  The Company  believes that there is no threatened or
pending  proceeding  against  the  Company or the Banks,  which,  if  determined
adversely,  would have a material  adverse  effect on the  business or financial
position of the Company or the Banks.

                                       13
<PAGE>


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS

There were no matters  submitted  to a vote of the  shareholders  of the Company
during the fourth quarter of 2001.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

On February 28, 2002, the Company had  approximately 562 shareholders of record.
The Company's  common stock is traded in the  over-the-counter  market under the
symbol "ATLO".  Trading in the Company's  common stock is,  however,  relatively
limited.  Market makers in the stock include US Bancorp Piper Jaffray,  402 Main
Street, Ames, Iowa 50010 (515-233-4064);  Howe Barnes Investments, Inc., 135 So.
LaSalle, Chicago, IL 60603 (312-655-3000); and Monroe Securities, Inc., 47 State
St., Rochester,  NY 14614  (800-766-5560).  Based on information provided to and
gathered by the Company on an informal basis, the Company believes that the high
and low sales price for the common  stock on a per share  basis  during the last
two years is as follows:

            2001                           2000
----------------------------   --------------------------
Quarter      High       Low     Quarter    High     Low
---------------------------------------------------------
  1st       $55.00    $40.00      1st     $55.00   $55.00
  2nd        44.50     36.25      2nd      57.00    55.00
  3rd        41.50     36.55      3rd      57.00    57.00
  4th        40.00     35.75      4th      55.00    55.00

The  Company  declared  aggregate  annual  cash  dividends  in 2001  and 2000 of
$5,187,000 and  $4,932,000,  respectively,  or $1.66 per share in 2001 and $1.58
per share in 2000.  In February  2002,  the Company  declared an aggregate  cash
dividend of $1,313,000 or $.42 per share.  Quarterly  dividends  declared during
the last two years were as follows:

                             2001                     2000
                     --------------------------------------------
                       Cash Dividends            Cash Dividends
Quarter              Declared Per Share        Declared Per Share
-----------------------------------------------------------------

  1st                       $0.40                      $0.38
  2nd                        0.42                       0.40
  3rd                        0.42                       0.40
  4th                        0.42                       0.40

The  decision  to declare any such cash  dividends  in the future and the amount
thereof rests within the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company and
will  be  subject  to,  among  other  things,   the  future  earnings,   capital
requirements  and  financial  condition  of the Company  and certain  regulatory
restrictions imposed on the payment of dividends by the Banks. Such restrictions
are  discussed in greater  detail in  "Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of
Financial   Condition   and  Results  of  Operations  -  Liquidity  and  Capital
Resources."

The Company  engaged in certain  sales of its common  stock  during 2001 without
registration  of such sales under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended (the
"Securities Act"). On June 15, 2001, the Company sold a total of 2,936 shares of
its common stock,  previously reacquired and held as treasury shares, at a price
of $37.75 per share,  for an aggregate  purchase price of $110,834,  to eligible
employees and directors under the Ames National Corporation Stock Purchase Plan.
The Company  relied on Rule 504  promulgated  under the Securities Act to exempt
the issuance of such shares from the  registration  provisions of the Securities
Act.

                                       14
<PAGE>


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The following  financial  data of the Company for the five years ended  December
31, 2001 through 1997 is derived from the Company's historical audited financial
statements and related footnotes. The information set forth below should be read
in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operation" and the consolidated  financial statements and related
notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Selected Financial Data
<TABLE>

                                                                  Year Ended December 31
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2001         2000          1999          1998           1997
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
STATEMENT OF INCOME DATA
  Interest Income .......................   $   41,474    $   44,018    $   40,361    $   39,439    $   37,073
  Interest expense ......................       18,883        24,261        19,981        19,668        18,830
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
        Net interest income .............       22,591        19,757        20,380        19,771        18,243
  Provision for loan losses .............          898           460           166           437           279
  Net interest income after provision for
    loan losses .........................       21,693        19,297        20,214        19,334        17,964
  Noninterest income ....................        5,080         4,130         5,750         4,835         4,192
  Noninterest expense ...................       11,587        10,712        11,208        10,264         9,447
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
  Income before provision for income tax        15,186        12,715        14,756        13,905        12,709
  Provision for income tax ..............        4,639         3,596         4,429         4,279         3,966
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
        Net Income ......................   $   10,547    $    9,119    $   10,327    $    9,626    $    8,743
                                            ==================================================================

DIVIDENDS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE DATA
  Cash Dividends ........................   $    5,187    $    4,932    $    4,664    $    4,355    $    3,971
  Cash Dividends declared per weighted
    average share outstanding ...........   $     1.66    $     1.58    $     1.50    $     1.39    $     1.26
  Basic and diluted earnings per share ..   $     3.38    $     2.92    $     3.31    $     3.07    $     2.78
  Weighted average shares outstanding ...    3,123,885     3,120,375     3,118,427     3,138,939     3,143,656

BALANCE SHEET DATA
  Total Assets ..........................   $  622,280    $  619,385    $  605,881    $  579,956    $  542,460
  Net loans .............................      323,043       344,015       309,652       287,713       266,305
  Deposits ..............................      511,509       493,429       484,620       482,513       442,353
  Stockholders' equity ..................       93,622        86,177        76,073        79,109        74,045

  Equity to assets ratio ................       15.04%        13.91%        12.56%        13.64%        13.65%

FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
  Net Income ............................   $   10,547    $    9,119    $   10,327    $    9,626    $    8,743
  Average Assets ........................      616,971       626,560       594,441       560,524       518,631
  Average Stockholders' Equity ..........       91,373        80,081        80,074        77,445        70,451
  Return on Assets (net income divided by
    average assets) .....................        1.71%         1.46%         1.74%         1.72%         1.69%
  Return on Equity  (net income divided
    by average equity) ..................       11.54%        11.39%        12.90%        12.43%        12.41%
  Efficiency Ratio (noninterest expense
    divided by noninterest income plus
    net interest income) ................       41.87%        44.84%        42.89%        41.71%        42.11%
  Dividend payout ratio (dividends per
    share divided by net income per
    share) ..............................       49.11%        54.11%        45.32%        45.28%        45.32%
  Equity to assets ratio (Average equity
    divided by average assets) ..........       14.81%        12.78%        12.78%        13.03%        13.58%
</TABLE>

                                       15
<PAGE>


ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The  following  discussion  is provided for the  consolidated  operations of the
Company,  which includes its wholly owned banking subsidiaries,  First National,
State Bank, Boone Bank and Randall-Story Bank. The purpose of this discussion is
to focus on significant  factors affecting the Company's financial condition and
results of operations.

Forward-Looking Statements

The discussion herein may contain forward-looking  statements about the Company,
its business and its prospects.  Forward-looking statements can be identified by
the fact that they do not relate  strictly to historical or current facts.  They
often  include use of the words  "believe",  "expect",  "anticipate",  "intend",
"plan",  "estimate" or words of similar meaning,  or future or conditional verbs
such as "will", "would", "should", "could" or "may". Forward-looking statements,
by their nature,  are subject to risks and  uncertainties.  A number of factors,
many of which are beyond the Company's  control,  could cause actual conditions,
events  or  results  to  differ   significantly  from  those  described  in  the
forward-looking  statements.  Such risks and  uncertainties  with respect to the
Company include those related to the economic  environment,  particularly in the
areas in which the  Company  and the Banks  operate,  competitive  products  and
pricing,  fiscal  and  monetary  policies  of the U.S.  government,  changes  in
governmental regulations affecting financial institutions,  including regulatory
fees and capital requirements, changes in prevailing interest rates, credit risk
management and asset/liability  management, the financial and securities markets
and the availability of and costs associated with sources of liquidity.

General

The Company earned net income of $10,547,000 in 2001,  compared to net income of
$9,119,000 in 2000 and net income of  $10,327,000  in 1999.  The higher level of
income in 2001 as compared to 2000 is attributable to lower interest  expense on
deposits and other borrowings partially offset by lower interest income on loans
and  investment  securities.  Income  declined  in  2000 in  comparison  to 1999
primarily as a result of reduced realized gains on securities  ($716,000 in 2000
versus  $1,266,000 in 1999) and a charged-off  bond recovery of $846,000 in 1999
which did not recur in 2000.  The  Company's  net income is derived  principally
from the  operating  results of the Banks.  All four Banks are  well-established
financial institutions that have a record of profitable operations.

Financial Condition

Net loans for the year ended December 31, 2001,  declined to  $328,489,000  from
$349,388,000  for the same  period in 2000.  The  decline in loan  volume can be
attributed to a slowdown in local,  state,  and national  economic  activity and
aggressive  competition  for  loans.  For the year  2000,  net  loans  increased
$34,363,000,  and $26,323,000 of the increase was in real estate mortgage loans.
A strong  local  economy,  moderate  interest  rates and  several  new  business
opportunities  in 2000  contributed  to the loan  growth.  The  reasons  for the
declining  trend in the net interest  margin prior to 2001 were the  competitive
pressures in the local markets and the higher deposit interest rates experienced
in 2000.  Currently,  the Company's  largest market,  Ames, Iowa, has six banks,
three  thrifts,  five  credit  unions and  several  other  financial  investment
companies.  In addition,  several of the  financial  institutions  have multiple
branch  locations.  Multiple  banks  are also  located  in the  Company's  other
communities  creating  similarly  competitive  environments.  This high level of
competition in the local markets will likely cause downward  pressure on the net
interest  margin of the Company  into the  foreseeable  future.  The decrease in
investment   securities  to   $213,778,000  on  December  31,  2001  compare  to
$232,706,000  on December  31, 2000  resulted  from the proceeds of maturing and
called investment  securities being held as federal funds sold. These short-term
funds are expected to be re-invested in longer-term  assets as investment yields
become more favorable.  Total assets increased 0.47 percent in 2001, compared to
an increase of 2.29 percent in 2000. The limited  increase in assets in 2001 and
2000 was primarily  attributable to market competition  limiting deposit growth.
In 2001,  the rates  paid on  deposits  were  lower  than in 2000 as a result of
decreases in market  interest  rates.  Deposits  increased  3.66 percent in 2001
compared to an increase of 1.82 percent in 2000.  The Banks  continue to compete
for deposits in market areas where the total deposit growth continues to be weak
as a result of  significant  bank and non-bank  competition.  Other  borrowings,
including  Federal  Home  Loan  Bank  Advances,  federal  funds  purchased,  and
securities  sold under  agreement to  repurchase,  totaled  $11,596,000  in 2001
compared to $35,007,000 in 2000. Other borrowings declined in 2001 as the result
of the maturity and sale of securities.

                                       16
<PAGE>

Average Balance Sheet and Interest Rates

The  following  tables show average  balances  and  interest  income or interest
expense, with the resulting average yield or rate by category of average earning
asset or interest bearing liability.
<TABLE>
ASSETS
(dollars in thousands)
                                                        2001                           2000                           1999
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Average    Revenue/   Yield/   Average    Revenue/    Yield/  Average    Revenue/  Yield/
                                           Balance    Expense    Rate     Balance    Expense     Rate    Balance    Expense   Rate
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>         <C>     <C>        <C>       <C>
Interest-earning assets
  Loans ................................   $ 49,081   $  4,107    8.37%   $ 52,764   $  4,378    8.30%   $ 44,536   $  4,072   9.14%
  Commercial ...........................     28,302      2,492    8.81%     26,328      2,465    9.36%     24,242      2,365   9.76%
  Agricultural .........................    240,382     19,458    8.09%    232,823     18,963    8.14%    206,830     16,091   7.78%
  Consumer and other ...................     23,675      1,834    7.75%     27,200      2,500    9.19%     23,456      1,858   7.92%
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total loans (including fees) ...   $341,440   $ 27,891    8.17%   $339,115   $ 28,306    8.35%   $299,064   $ 24,386   8.15%

Investment securities
  Taxable ..............................   $146,213   $  9,303    6.36%   $179,858   $ 11,644    6.47%   $186,504   $ 12,187   6.53%
  Tax-exempt ...........................     68,001      5,210    7.66%     72,521      5,442    7.50%     67,998      5,088   7.48%
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total investment securities ....   $214,214   $ 14,513    6.78%   $252,379   $ 17,086    6.77%   $254,502   $ 17,275   6.79%

Interest bearing deposits with banks ...   $    251   $     13    5.18%   $  1,718   $     99    5.76%$     2,416   $    137   5.67%
Federal funds sold .....................     25,953        829    3.19%      5,602        377    6.73%      5,927        294   4.96%
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total interest-earning assets ..   $581,858   $ 43,246    7.43%   $598,814   $ 45,868    7.66%   $561,909   $ 42,092   7.49%

Noninterest-earning assets
  Cash and due from banks ..............   $ 21,040                       $ 19,324                       $ 18,255
  Premises and equipment, net ..........      5,892                          5,285                          5,368
  Other, less allowance for loan losses       8,181                          3,137                          8,909
                                           --------                       --------                       --------
        Total noninterest-earning assets   $ 35,113                       $ 27,746                       $ 32,532
                                           --------                       --------                       --------

        Total assets ...................   $616,971                       $626,560                       $594,441
                                           ========                       ========                       ========
<FN>
1    Average loan balance  includes  nonaccrual  loans, if any.  Interest income
     collected on nonaccrual loans has been included.
2    Tax-exempt  income has been  adjusted  to a  tax-equivalent  basis using an
     incremental rate of 34%.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       17
<PAGE>
                    Average Balance Sheet and Interest Rates
<TABLE>
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(dollars in thousands)                                    2001                          2000                         1999
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             Average    Revenue/  Yield/   Average    Revenue/  Yield/  Average    Revenue/   Yield/
                                             Balance    Expense    Rate    Balance    Expense    Rate   Balance    Expense     Rate
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>        <C>       <C>     <C>        <C>        <C>
Interest-bearing liabilities
  Deposits
  Savings, NOW accounts, and money markets   $228,908   $  5,727   2.50%   $218,795   $  8,144   3.72%  $212,612   $ 6,880     3.24%
  Time deposits < $100,000 ...............    158,625      8,736   5.51%    159,035      8,972   5.64%   157,268     8,327     5.29%
  Time deposits > $100,000 ...............     58,253      3,329   5.71%     62,052      3,823   6.16%    67,310     3,687     5.48%
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total deposits .........................   $445,786   $ 17,792   3.99%   $439,882   $ 20,939   4.76%  $437,208   $18,894     4.32%
  Other borrowed funds ...................     23,008      1,091   4.74%     52,749      3,322   6.30%    22,854     1,087     4.76%
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total Interest-bearing liabilities   $468,794   $ 18,883   4.03%   $492,631   $ 24,261   4.92%  $460,062   $19,981     4.34%
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Noninterest-bearing liabilities
  Demand deposits ........................   $ 51,113                      $ 47,590                     $ 45,719
  Other liabilities ......................      5,691                         6,258                        8,586
                                             --------                      --------                     --------
Stockholders' equity .....................   $ 91,373                      $ 80,081                     $ 80,074
                                             --------                      --------                     --------
        TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
        STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY .............   $616,971                      $626,560                     $594,441
                                             ========                      ========                     ========
Net interest income ......................              $ 24,363   4.19%              $ 21,607   3.61%             $ 22,111    3.93%
                                                        ========                      ========                     ========
Margin Analysis
  Interest income/earning assets .........              $ 43,246   7.43%              $ 45,868   7.66%             $ 42,092    7.49%
  Interest expense/earning assets ........                18,883   3.25%                24,261   4.05%               19,981    3.56%
  Net interest income/earning assets .....                24,363   4.19%                21,607   3.61%               22,111    3.93%
</TABLE>

Rate and Volume Analysis

The following  table sets forth,  on a  tax-equivalent  basis,  a summary of the
changes  in net  interest  income  resulting  from  changes  in volume and rates
(dollars in thousands and in tax equivalent basis).
<TABLE>
                                                     2001 Compared to 2000         2000 Compared to 1999
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                Volume      Rate       Total     Volume      Rate      Total
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>       <C>
Interest income
  Loans
    Commercial .............................   ($  308)   $    37    ($  271)   $   706    ($  400)   $   306
    Agricultural ...........................       179       (152)   $    27        198        (98)       100
    Real estate ............................       613       (118)       495      2,091        781      2,872
    Consumer and other .....................      (301)      (365)      (666)       321        321        642
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
        Total loans (including fees) .......   $   183    ($  598)   ($  415)   $ 3,316    $   604    $ 3,920

Investment securities
  Taxable ..................................   ($2,144)   ($  197)   ($2,341)   ($  431)   ($  112)   ($  543)
  Tax-exempt ...............................      (344)       112       (232)       339         15        354
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
        Total investment securities ........   ($2,488)   ($   85)   ($2,573)   ($   92)   ($   97)   ($  189)

Interest bearing deposits with banks .......   ($   77)   ($    9)   ($   86)   ($   40)   $     2    ($   38)
Federal funds sold .........................       741       (289)       452        (17)       100         83
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
        Total Interest-earning assets ......   ($1,641)   ($  981)   ($2,622)   $ 3,167    $   609    $ 3,776

Interest-bearing liabilities
  Deposits
    Savings, NOW accounts, and money markets   $   361    ($2,778)   ($2,417)   $   205    $ 1,059    $ 1,264
    Time deposits < $100,000 ...............       (23)      (213)      (236)        94        551        645
    Time deposits > $100,000 ...............      (226)      (268)      (494)      (301)       437        136
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
        Total deposits .....................   $   112    ($3,259)   ($3,147)   ($    2)   $ 2,047    $ 2,045
Other borrowed funds .......................    (1,551)      (680)    (2,231)     1,792        443      2,235
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
        Total Interest-bearing liabilities .   ($1,439)   ($3,939)   ($5,378)   $ 1,790    $ 2,490    $ 4,280
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
        Net interest income/earning assets .   ($  202)   $ 2,958    $ 2,756    $ 1,377    ($1,881)   ($  504)
                                               ==============================================================
<FN>
1    The change in interest due to both volume and yield/rate has been allocated
     to change due to volume and change due to  yield/rate  in proportion to the
     absolute value of the change in each.
</FN>
</TABLE>
                                       18
<PAGE>


Net Interest Income

The  Company's  largest  component  contributing  to net income is net  interest
income,  which is the difference between interest earned on earning assets which
are  primarily  loans and  investments  and  interest  paid on interest  bearing
liabilities  which are  primarily  deposits  and  borrowings.  The volume of and
yields earned on earning assets and the volume of and the rates paid on interest
bearing liabilities determine net interest income.  Interest earned and interest
paid is also affected by general economic  conditions,  particularly  changes in
market interest rates,  and by government  policies and the action of regulatory
authorities.  Net interest  income divided by average earning assets is referred
to as net interest  margin.  For the years December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, the
Company's net interest  margin was 4.19 percent,  3.61 percent and 3.93 percent,
respectively.  The improved net interest margin in 2001 is attributable to lower
interest  expense as the Company was able to lower deposit and other  borrowings
rates more quickly than loans and investment rates declined.  Conversely, rising
rates and market competition caused the net interest margin to decline in 2000.

The reasons for the  declining  trend in the net  interest  margin prior to 2001
were the  competitive  pressures  in the local  markets  and the higher  deposit
interest rates  experienced in 2000.  Currently,  the Company's  largest market,
Ames, Iowa, has six banks,  three thrifts,  five credit unions and several other
financial  investment   companies.   In  addition,   several  of  the  financial
institutions have multiple branch locations.  Multiple banks are also located in
the Company's other communities  creating  similarly  competitive  environments.
This high level of  competition  in the local markets will likely cause downward
pressure on the net interest margin of the Company into the foreseeable future.

Net interest income during 2001, 2000 and 1999 totaled $22,591,000,  $19,757,000
and  $20,380,000,  respectively,  representing a 14.34 percent  increase in 2001
from 2000 and a 3.06 percent  decrease in 2000 compared to 1999.  The higher net
interest income in 2001 as compared to 2000 resulted from lower interest expense
as the Company was able to lower deposit and other borrowings rates more quickly
than loans and investment  rates declined.  Other borrowing costs were also down
significantly  as the result of a lower level of  borrowing in 2001 versus 2000,
as proceeds from maturing and sold  investments were utilized to lower borrowing
levels.  The  decrease  in net  interest  income in 2000 as  compared to 1999 is
attributable  to  higher  interest  expense  on  interest  bearing   liabilities
attributable  to both  volume  and  interest  rate,  partially  offset by higher
interest  income on earning  assets.  The rising 2000 interest rate  environment
increased interest expense compared to 1999 as the funding liabilities  repriced
more quickly than the assets.

Provision For Loan Losses

The provision for loan losses reflects  management's  judgment of the expense to
be  recognized in order to maintain an adequate  allowance for loan losses.  The
Company  provided  $898,000 for loan losses  during 2001 compared to $460,000 in
2000 and $166,000 in 1999.  The primary  reason for the increased  allowance for
loan  losses in 2001 versus 2000 was the  charge-off  of $612,000 in  commercial
leases.  The increased  provision for loan losses in 2000 versus 1999 was due to
the growth in the Banks' loan portfolios.

Management  believes  the  allowance  for loan  losses to be  adequate to absorb
probable  losses  in  the  current  portfolio.  This  statement  is  based  upon
management's  continuing  evaluation  of  inherent  risks  in the  current  loan
portfolio, current levels of classified assets and general economic factors. The
Company will continue to monitor the allowance  and make future  adjustments  to
the allowance as conditions dictate.

Noninterest Income and Expense

Non-interest  income during 2001, 2000 and 1999 totaled  $5,080,000,  $4,130,000
and $5,750,000, respectively, representing a 23.00 percent increase in 2001 from
2000 and a 28.17 percent  decrease in 2000 compared  1999.  The increase in 2001
can be attributed to higher security gains and increased  revenues from deposit,
trust and secondary market lending services.  The decrease in 2000 was primarily
related to a lower  level of security  gains,  decreased  income from  secondary
market  loan  fees  and  the  non-recurrence  of a  recovery  of  a  charged-off
investment in 1999. The recovered  investment was a corporate bond issued by the
Bank of New  England  purchased  for  $1,004,000  in 1989 that was  subsequently
written down to $150,000 in 1991 and 1992 due to the  commencement of bankruptcy
proceedings  by the  issuer.  The  delay  in the  recovery  was due to  extended
litigation  involving the issuer's bankruptcy trustee,  bank regulatory agencies
and the issuer's external auditors.

                                       19
<PAGE>


Non-interest expense during 2001, 2000 and 1999 totaled $11,587,000, $10,712,000
and  $11,208,000,  respectively,  representing  a 8.17 percent  increase in 2001
versus 2000 and a 4.43  percent  decrease in 2000  compared to 1999.  The higher
noninterest  expense  in 2001 is  primarily  attributable  to higher  salary and
benefits expenses,  data processing costs, and professional fees associated with
filings with the  Securities and Exchange  Commission.  The decrease in 2000 was
primarily related to lower costs associated with data processing,  equipment and
advertising.  The percentage of non-interest  expense to average assets was 1.88
percent in 2001, compared to 1.71 percent and 1.89 percent during 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

Provision for Income Taxes

The  provision  for  income  taxes  for  2001,  2000 and  1999  was  $4,639,000,
$3,596,000 and $4,429,000, respectively. This amount represents an effective tax
rate of 30.54 percent  during 2001,  compared to 28.28 percent and 30.01 percent
for 2000 and 1999,  respectively.  The  Company's  marginal  federal tax rate is
currently  35 percent.  The  difference  between  the  Company's  effective  and
marginal  tax  rate is  primarily  related  to  investments  made in tax  exempt
securities.

Investment Portfolio

The following  table  presents the market values,  which  represent the carrying
values due to the available-for-sale classification, of the Company's investment
portfolio  as of December  31,  2001,  2000 and 1999,  respectively  (dollars in
thousands).

                                              ----------------------------------
                                                2001          2000        1999
                                              ----------------------------------

U.S. treasury securities ................     $ 12,548     $ 23,150     $ 29,599
U.S. government agencies ................       60,858       85,864       97,209
State and political subdivisions ........       63,109       61,411       64,582
Corporate bonds .........................       51,106       43,167       46,011
Equity securities .......................       26,157       19,114       16,763
                                              ----------------------------------
        Total ...........................     $213,778     $232,706     $254,164
                                              ==================================

Investments  in  States  and  political   subdivisions  represent  purchases  of
municipal bonds located primarily in the state of Iowa and contiguous states.

Investment in other securities  includes corporate debt obligations of companies
located and doing business  throughout the United States.  The debt  obligations
were all within  the  credit  ratings  acceptable  under the  Banks'  investment
policies  with the  exception of one  corporate  bond with an amortized  cost of
$496,000  and a market  value of  $448,000.  The bond was rated by  Moody's  and
Standard & Poor's rating service publications as BA1 and BB, respectively, as of
December  31,  2001  falling  outside  the bank's  acceptable  rating  standards
subsequent  to its purchase  date of November 16, 1998. As of December 31, 2001,
the Company did not have securities from a single issuer,  except for the United
States  Government or its agencies,  which  exceeded 10 percent of  consolidated
stockholders' equity.

                                       20
<PAGE>


Investment Maturities as of December 31, 2001

The  investments in the following  table are reported by  contractual  maturity.
Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may
have  the  right  to call or  prepay  obligations  with  or  without  prepayment
penalties (dollars in thousands).
<TABLE>
                                                     After one     After five
                                                      year but     years but
                                         Within        within        within        After
                                        One Year     five years    ten years     ten years        Total
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
U.S. treasury ......................   $    8,888    $    3,162    $      498    $       --    $    12,548
U.S. government agencies ...........        5,425        34,892        18,541         2,000         60,858
States and political subdivisions ..        6,953        20,283        24,026        11,847         63,109
Corporate bonds ....................        7,357        22,987        19,489         1,273         51,106
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total ......................   $   28,623    $   81,324    $   62,554    $   15,120    $   187,621
                                       ===================================================================

Weighted average yield
  U.S. treasury ....................        6.41%         5.45%         5.20%           --           6.15%
  U.S. government agencies .........        6.07%         5.73%         6.54%         7.00%          6.06%
  States and political subdivisions*        7.24%         7.38%         7.65%         7.57%          7.51%
  Corporate bonds ..................        7.36%         6.51%         6.44%         6.42%          6.60%
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total ......................        6.76%         6.36%         6.93%         7.40%          6.70%

<FN>
*    Yields on tax-exempt  obligations of states and political subdivisions have
     been computed on a tax-equivalent basis.
</FN>
</TABLE>

Loan Portfolio

Types of Loans

The following  table sets forth the  composition of the Company's loan portfolio
for the past five years ending at December 31, 2001 (dollars in thousands).

                            ----------------------------------------------------
                              2001       2000       1999       1998       1997
                            ----------------------------------------------------
Real Estate
   Construction .........   $ 12,677   $ 12,221   $  9,062   $  7,641   $  8,562
   1-4 family residential     84,379     97,663     89,171     84,767     80,632
   Commercial ...........    117,211    112,415     98,840     83,115     69,193
   Agricultural .........     21,029     21,095     19,999     18,336     17,202
Commercial ..............     45,631     53,955     48,920     52,458     50,387
Agricultural ............     27,367     28,199     25,575     23,882     23,682
Consumer and other ......     20,920     24,576     23,897     23,263     22,023
                            ----------------------------------------------------
        Total loans .....    329,214    350,124    315,464    293,462    271,681
Deferred loan fees, net .        725        736        826        903        917
                            ----------------------------------------------------
        Net loans .......   $328,489   $349,388   $314,638   $292,559   $270,764
                            ====================================================

The Company's loan portfolio consists of commercial loans,  agricultural  loans,
commercial real estate and residential  real estate loans and consumer loans. As
of December 31, 2001,  gross loans totaled  approximately  $329  million,  which
equals  approximately  64  percent  of total  deposits  and 53  percent of total
assets.  As of December  31,  2001,  the  majority of the loans were  originated
directly by the Banks to borrowers  within the Banks'  principal  market  areas.
There are no foreign loans outstanding during the years presented.

Commercial  loans consist  primarily of loans to businesses for various purposes
including revolving lines to finance current operations,  floor-plans, inventory
and accounts  receivable;  capital  expenditure  loans to finance  equipment and
other fixed  assets;  and letters of credit.  These loans  generally  have short
maturities,  have either  adjustable or fixed rates and are unsecured or secured
by inventory, accounts receivable, equipment and/or real estate.

                                       21
<PAGE>


Agricultural loans play an important part in the Banks' loan portfolios. Iowa is
a major  agricultural state and is a national leader in both grain and livestock
production.  The Banks play a significant role in their communities in financing
operating, livestock and real estate activities.

All lending is done on a personal  basis  using cash flow as the most  important
criterion  after  assessing the borrower's  character.  Government  programs are
utilized where the benefit to both borrower and lender is evident.

Real estate loans  include  various types of loans for which the Banks hold real
property as collateral and consist of loans  primarily on commercial  properties
and single family  residences.  Real estate loans typically have fixed rates for
up to five years with the  Company's  loan  policy  having a maximum  fixed rate
maturity  of up to 15 years.  The  majority  of  construction  loan volume is to
contractors to construct  commercial  buildings and generally have maturities of
up to 12 months.  The Banks originate  residential real estate loans for sale to
the secondary market for a fee.

Consumer loans include loans extended to individuals  for household,  family and
other  personal  expenditures  not secured by real  estate.  The majority of the
Banks'  consumer  lending is for  vehicles,  consolidation  of  personal  debts,
household appliances and improvements.

The interest  rates charged on loans vary with the degree of risk, the amount of
the loan and the maturity of the loan.  Competitive  pressures,  market interest
rates, the availability of funds and government regulation further influence the
rate charged on a loan.

The Banks follow a loan policy,  which has been approved by both the Company and
Banks' Boards of Directors and are overseen by both Company and Bank management.
These policies  establish lending limits,  review and grading criteria and other
guidelines such as loan administration and allowance for loan losses.  Loans are
approved  by the  Banks'  Board  of  Directors  and/or  designated  officers  in
accordance with respective  guidelines and underwriting policies of the Company.
Loans to one borrower are limited by applicable  state and federal banking laws.
Credit limits  generally  vary  according to the type of loan and the individual
loan officer's experience.

Maturities  and  Sensitivities  of  Loans to  Changes  in  Interest  Rates as of
December 31, 2001

The  contractual  maturities of the Company's loan portfolio are as shown below.
Actual  maturities may differ from  contractual  maturities  because  individual
borrowers  may have  the  right  to  prepay  loans  with or  without  prepayment
penalties (dollars in thousands).

                                                After one
                                                 year but
                                     Within      within       After
                                    One Year   five years  five years     Total
                                    --------------------------------------------

Real Estate
   Construction ................    $  9,778    $  2,583    $    316    $ 12,677
   1-4 family residential ......       5,036      36,151      43,192      84,379
   Commercial ..................       7,671      76,098      33,442     117,211
   Agricultural ................       1,999       3,939      15,091      21,029
Commercial .....................      19,844      19,843       5,944      45,631
Agricultural ...................      18,377       6,128       2,862      27,367
Consumer and other .............       4,175       8,854       7,891      20,920
                                    --------------------------------------------
Total loans ....................    $ 66,880    $153,596    $108,738    $329,214
                                    ============================================

                                                        After one
                                                         year but
                                                          within         After
                                                        five years    five years
                                                         -----------------------
Loan maturities after one year with:
  Fixed rates ....................................       $129,409      $108,551
  Variable rates .................................         24,187           187
                                                         -----------------------
                                                         $153,596      $108,738
                                                         =======================

                                       22
<PAGE>


Non-performing Assets

The   following   table  sets  forth   information   concerning   the  Company's
non-performing  assets for the past five years ending December 31, 2001 (dollars
in thousands).

                                      ------------------------------------------
                                       2001     2000     1999     1998     1997
                                      ------------------------------------------

Non-performing assets:
  Nonaccrual loans ................   $2,692   $2,663   $  405   $   80   $   69
  Loans 90 days or more past due ..      797      242      723      581      872
  Restructured loans ..............       --       --       --       --      253
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                       3,489    2,905    1,128      661    1,194
Other real estate owned ...........      159       75       41       43       89
                                      ------------------------------------------
        Total non-performing
        assets ....................   $3,648   $2,980   $1,169   $  704   $1,283
                                      ==========================================

The accrual of interest on non-accrual  and other impaired loans is discontinued
at 90 days or when, in the opinion of management,  the borrower may be unable to
meet  payments as they become due. When interest  accrual is  discontinued,  all
unpaid accrued interest is reversed.  Interest income is subsequently recognized
only to the extent cash payments are received.  Interest  income on restructured
loans is recognized  pursuant to the terms of the new loan  agreement.  Interest
income on other  impaired  loans is  monitored  and based  upon the terms of the
underlying  loan  agreement.  However,  the recorded net  investment in impaired
loans,  including  accrued  interest,  is  limited to the  present  value of the
expected cash flows of the impaired loan or the observable  fair market value of
the loan's collateral.

Outstanding  loans of $886,000  were placed on  non-accrual  status in 2001 with
total non-accrual loans equaling $2,692,000 as of December 31, 2001. Outstanding
loans of  $2,578,000  were  placed on  non-accrual  status  in 2000  with  total
non-accrual loans equaling $2,663,000 as of December 31, 2000. Outstanding loans
of $392,000  were placed on  non-accrual  status in 1999 with total  non-accrual
loans  equaling  $405,000 as of December  31,  1999. A real estate loan at First
National with a December 31, 2001 balance of  $1,305,000  compared to $1,790,000
as  December  31, 2000 is the  largest  non-performing  asset that was placed on
non-accrual  status in 2000.  For the years ended  December 31,  2001,  2000 and
1999,  interest income,  which would have been recorded under the original terms
of such loans was approximately  $243,000,  $254,000 and $46,000,  respectively,
with  $114,000,  $101,000  and  $17,000,   respectively,   recorded.  Additional
potential problem loans and leases as of December 31, 2001,  consisted of a pool
of purchased leases with a balance of $2,330,000.

Summary of the Allowance for Loan Losses

The provision for loan losses represents charges made to earnings to maintain an
adequate   allowance  for  loan  losses.   The  allowance  for  loan  losses  is
management's  best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as
of the balance sheet date.  Factors  considered in  establishing  an appropriate
allowance include: an assessment of the financial  condition of the borrower;  a
realistic  determination  of value and adequacy of  underlying  collateral;  the
condition of the local economy and the condition of the specific industry of the
borrower; an analysis of the levels and trends of loan categories;  and a review
of delinquent and classified loans.

The adequacy of allowance  for loan losses is evaluated  quarterly by management
and the  respective  Bank  boards.  This  evaluation  focuses on  specific  loan
reviews,  changes in the type and volume of the loan portfolio given the current
and forecasted  economic  conditions and historical loss experience.  Any one of
the following  conditions may result in the review of a specific  loan:  concern
about whether the customer's  cash flow or net worth are sufficient to repay the
loan;   delinquent  status;  the  loan  has  been  criticized  in  a  regulatory
examination;  the  accrual of  interest  has been  suspended;  or other  reasons
including  when the loan has other  special  or  unusual  characteristics  which
suggest special monitoring is warranted.

While  management  uses  available  information  to  recognize  losses on loans,
further  reductions in the carrying  amounts of loans may be necessary  based on
changes in local economic conditions.  In addition,  regulatory agencies,  as an
integral part of their examination  process,  periodically  review the estimated
losses on loans.  Such agencies may require the Company to recognize  additional
losses based on their judgment about  information  available to them at the time
of their examination.

                                       23
<PAGE>


Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses

The Company's policy is to charge-off loans when, in management's  opinion,  the
loan is deemed  uncollectable,  although  concerted efforts are made to maximize
future recoveries.  The following table sets forth information regarding changes
in the  Company's  Allowance  For Loan  Losses  For The Most  Recent  Five Years
(dollars in thousands).
<TABLE>

                                      --------------------------------------------------------------
                                         2001         2000         1999         1998         1997
                                      --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Balance at beginning of period ....   $   5,373    $   4,986    $   4,846    $   4,459    $   4,159
Charge-offs:
Real Estate
   Construction ...................          --           --           --           --           --
   1-4 Family Residential .........           1           --           --           --           --
   Commercial .....................          --           --           18           --           --
   Agricultural ...................          --           --           --           --           --
Commercial ........................         768           55           --          118           --
Agricultural ......................          --           --           --           --           --
Consumer and other ................          83           96           41           26           34
                                      -------------------------------------------------------------
                                            852          151           59          144           34
Recoveries:
Real Estate
   Construction ...................          --           --           --           --           --
   1-4 Family Residential .........          --           --           --           --           --
   Commercial .....................          --           --           16           --            1
   Agricultural ...................          --           --           --           --           --
Commercial ........................           8           66           --           79           36
Agricultural ......................          --           --           --           --           --
Consumer and other ................          19           12           17           15           18
                                      -------------------------------------------------------------
                                             27           78           33           94           55

Net charge-offs (recoveries) ......   $     825    $      73    $      26    $      50    ($     21)
Additions charged to
  operations ......................         898          460          166          437          279
                                      -------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at end of period ..........   $   5,446    $   5,373    $   4,986    $   4,846    $   4,459
                                      =============================================================

Average Loans Outstanding .........   $ 341,440    $ 339,115    $ 299,064    $ 279,054    $ 237,601

Ratio of net charge-offs during the
  period to average loans
  outstanding .....................        0.24%        0.02%        0.01%        0.02%      -0.01%

Ratio of allowance for loan losses
  to average loans outstanding ....        1.60%        1.58%        1.67%        1.74%        1.88%
</TABLE>

Reserve levels increased to 1.60 percent of outstanding loans as of December 31,
2001 compared to 1.58 percent for the prior year-end.  Problem commercial leases
identified in 2001 led to higher provision expense, net charge-offs and specific
reserves as credit  weaknesses  were  identified.  General  reserve  allocations
remained consistent in 2001 with prior years.

General  reserves for loan categories  normally range from 1.0 to 2.0 percent of
the outstanding  loan balances.  As loan volume  increases,  the general reserve
levels  increase  with  that  growth.  As  the  previous  table  indicates,  the
additional  loan  provision for years 1997 through 2000 is the most  significant
change in the  reserve  level as a result of growth in the loan  portfolio.  The
general reserve loss factors have remained  consistent over the five-year period
presented.  The allowance relating to commercial and 1-4 family residential real
estate loans are the largest  reserve  components.  Commercial real estate loans
have higher general reserve levels than 1-4 family residential real estate loans
as management perceives more risk in this type of lending. Elements contributing
to the higher  risk level  include  susceptibility  of  businesses  to  changing
environmental factors such as the economic business cycle, the larger individual
loan  amounts,  a limited  number of buyers  and the  specialized  uses for some
properties.  As of December 31, 2001,  commercial real estate loans have general
reserves of 1.30  percent and 1-4 family  residential  loans,  which  management
generally  considers  lower risk,  have general  reserves of 1.00  percent.  The
estimation  methods and  assumptions  used in determining  the allowance for the
five years presented have remained consistent.

                                       24
<PAGE>


Loans that the Banks have  identified  as having higher risk levels are reviewed
individually  in an effort to establish  adequate loss reserves.  These reserves
are considered specific reserves and are directly impacted by the credit quality
of  the  underlying  loans.  Normally,  as  the  actual  or  expected  level  of
non-performing loans increase,  the specific reserves also increase. The rise in
specific reserves from 1997 through 1999 was minimal,  with the largest increase
in total  specific  reserves  being  limited to $35,000  from 1998 to 1999.  For
December 31, 2001 and 2000,  specific reserves  increased $142,000 or 12 percent
and $177,000 or 18 percent,  respectively.  Specific  allocations for commercial
leases was the primary  reason for the increase in total reserve levels in 2001.
The specific  reserves are dependent upon assumptions  regarding the liquidation
value of collateral and the cost of recovering  collateral including legal fees.
Changing the amount of specific reserves on individual loans has had the largest
impact  on  the  reallocation  of  the  reserve  among  different  parts  of the
portfolio.

Other factors that are considered  when  determining the adequacy of the reserve
include loan  concentrations,  loan growth,  the economic outlook and historical
losses. The Company's  concentration  risks include geographic  concentration in
central Iowa; the local  economy's  dependence  upon several large  governmental
entities,   including  Iowa  State   University  and  the  Iowa   Department  of
Transportation;  and the health of Iowa's  agricultural sector that is dependent
on weather conditions and government programs. Additional reserves have not been
established for local and national  economic  conditions over the last five-year
period,  as the  economy  has been  healthy  and  credit  quality  has  remained
favorable.  Historical  losses  reflect  good credit  quality over the past five
years,  as net losses have not exceeded .24 percent which compares  favorably to
the  Company's  reserve of 1.60  percent as of December 31,  2001.  However,  no
assurances  can  be  made  that  losses  will  remain  at the  favorable  levels
experienced over the past five years.

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses

The following table sets forth information  concerning the Company's  allocation
of the allowance for loan losses (dollars in thousands).
<TABLE>
                            --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  2001              2000               1999             1998                  1997
                            --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             Amount   % *     Amount    % *      Amount    % *     Amount    % *        Amount     % *
                            --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>
Balance at end of period
applicable to:
Real Estate
   Construction .........   $  178    3.85%   $  163    3.49%    $   91    2.87%   $   80    2.60%     $   99      3.15%
   1-4 family residential      980   25.63%    1,088   27.89%       899   28.27%      809   28.89%        916     29.68%
   Commercial ...........    1,704   35.60%    1,619   32.11%     1,536   31.33%    1,330   28.32%      1,143     25.47%
   Agricultural .........      279    6.39%      315    6.03%       237    6.34%      194    6.25%        175      6.33%
Commercial ..............      938   13.86%      754   15.41%       573   15.51%      828   17.88%        728     18.55%
Agricultural ............      457    8.31%      421    8.05%       541    8.11%      517    8.14%        367      8.72%
Consumer and other ......      258    6.35%      538    7.02%       560    7.58%      604    7.93%        535      8.11%
Unallocated .............      652               475                549               484                 479
                            --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            $5,446     100%   $5,373     100%    $4,986     100%   $4,846       100%   $4,442       100%
                            ============================================================================================
</TABLE>
*  Percent of total loans in each category to total loans.

Deposits

Types of Deposits

The Company's primary source of funds is customer deposits. The Company attempts
to attract  non-interest-bearing  deposits, which are a low cost funding source.
In addition, the Banks offer a variety of interest-bearing  accounts designed to
attract   both   short-term   and    longer-term    deposits   from   customers.
Interest-bearing  accounts earn interest at rates established by Bank management
based on  competitive  market  factors and the Company's  need for funds.  While
nearly 75 percent of the Banks' certificates of deposit mature in the next year,
it is anticipated that a majority of these  certificates  will be renewed.  Rate
sensitive certificates of deposits in excess of $100,000 are subject to somewhat
higher  volatility with regard to renewal volume as the Banks adjust rates based
upon funding needs. In the event a substantial  volume of  certificates  are not
renewed,  the Company has sufficient  liquid assets and borrowing  lines to fund
significant  runoff.  A  sustained  reduction  in  deposit  volume  would have a
significant  negative  impact on the  Company's  operation  and  liquidity.  The
Company  traditionally  has not  relied  upon  brokered  deposits  and  does not
anticipate utilizing such funds at the present time.

                                       25
<PAGE>

Average Deposits by Type

The following  table sets forth the average  balances for each major category of
deposit and the weighted  average  interest  rate paid for  deposits  during the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 (dollars in thousands).
<TABLE>
                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                                      2001                2000                1999
                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                                Amount     Rate     Amount     Rate     Amount    Rate
                               ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>         <C>     <C>         <C>     <C>        <C>
Noninterest bearing demand
  deposits .................   $ 51,113            $ 47,590            $ 45,719
Interest bearing demand
  deposits .................    103,529    2.01%     98,105    3.17%     93,910    2.61%
Money market deposits ......    101,267    3.23%     93,583    4.67%     88,834    4.25%
Savings deposits ...........     24,112    1.56%     27,107    2.39%     29,868    2.21%
Time certificates < $100,000    158,625    5.51%    159,035    5.64%    157,286    5.29%
Time certificates > $100,000     58,253    5.71%     62,052    6.16%     67,310    5.48%
                               ---------------------------------------------------------
                               $496,899            $487,472            $482,927
                               =========================================================
</TABLE>

Deposit Maturity

The  following  table  shows  the  amounts  and  remaining  maturities  of  time
certificates  of deposit that had balances of more than $100,000 at December 31,
2001, 2000 and 1999 (in thousands).

                                               2001         2000          1999
                                             -----------------------------------
3 months or less .....................       $16,771       $21,665       $21,548
Over 3 through 12 months .............        24,590        34,901        27,362
Over 12 through 36 months ............         4,765         6,996        11,829
Over 36 months .......................         1,590           333         1,364
                                             -----------------------------------
        Total ........................       $47,716       $63,895       $62,103
                                             ===================================

Borrowed Funds

The following table summarizes the outstanding amount of and the average rate on
borrowed funds as of December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999. (dollars in thousands)

                                   2001             2000              1999
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                      Average           Average          Average
                             Balance    Rate   Balance    Rate   Balance   Rate
                             ---------------------------------------------------

FHLB advances .............  $ 1,000   5.21%   $16,000   6.59%   $ 3,000   5.94%
Federal funds purchased and
repurchase agreements .....   10,596   2.54%    19,007   6.19%    37,285   5.44%
                             --------------------------------------------------
        Total .............  $11,596   2.77%   $35,007   6.37%   $40,285   5.48%
                             ===================================================

Average Annual Borrowed Funds

The following  table sets forth the average amount of, the average rate paid and
maximum  outstanding  balance on borrowed funds for the years ended December 31,
2001, 2000 and 1999.
<TABLE>
                                                   2001                2000                 1999
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------
                                             Average  Average    Average  Average    Average   Average
                                             Balance    Rate     Balance    Rate     Balance    Rate
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>       <C>
FHLB advances ............................   $ 8,791    6.29%    $20,973    6.99%$   $ 1,060     5.38%
Federal funds purchased
  & repurchase agreements ................    14,217    3.78%     31,776     5.84%    21,794     4.73%
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------
        Total ............................   $23,008    4.74%    $52,749     6.30%   $22,854     4.76%
                                             =========================================================
Maximum Amount Outstanding during the year
  FHLB advances ..........................   $16,000             $50,300             $ 3,000
  Federal funds purchased
    and repurchase agreements ............    25,400              36,362              27,973
</TABLE>

                                       26
<PAGE>


Liquidity and Capital Resources

The  objective  of  liquidity  management  is  to  ensure  the  availability  of
sufficient  cash flows to meet all  financial  commitments  and to capitalize on
opportunities for profitable business expansion.  The Company's principal source
of funds is deposits including demand, money market, savings and certificates of
deposit.  Other sources include principal repayments on loans, proceeds from the
maturity and sale of investment securities,  federal fund purchased,  repurchase
agreements,  advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and funds  provided
by  operations.  Net cash from  operating  activities  contributed  $12,253,000,
$8,212,000  and  $8,756,000  to  liquidity  for  years  2001,   2000  and  1999,
respectively.  Liquid  assets of cash on hand,  balances  due from other  banks,
federal  funds sold and  interest-bearing  deposits  in  financial  institutions
increased from  $29,368,000 in 2000 to $72,059,000 in 2001 and from  $26,954,000
in 1999 to $29,368,000 in 2000. The significant increase in liquidity in 2001 is
the result of  diminished  loan demand and  proceeds  from  maturing  and called
investments.  These  proceeds were invested in federal funds sold as of December
31, 2001 and are  expected to be invested in  longer-term  assets as  investment
yields become more favorable.  To provide  additional  external  liquidity,  the
Banks have  outstanding  lines of credit with the Federal  Home Loan Bank of Des
Moines,   Iowa  of  $51,400,000   and  federal  funds   borrowing   capacity  at
correspondent  banks of $46,000,000.  The FHLB advances and other borrowed funds
for the Company totaled $1,000,000 and $10,596,000,  respectively as of December
31, 2001.  Management  believes  that the  Company's  liquidity  sources will be
sufficient to support its existing operations for the foreseeable future.

The Company's  liquidity on an  unconsolidated  basis is heavily  dependent upon
dividends paid to the Company by the Banks.  Various federal and state statutory
provisions limit the amount of dividends  banking  subsidiaries are permitted to
pay to their holding  companies  without  regulatory  approval.  Federal Reserve
policy further limits the  circumstances  under which bank holding companies may
declare  dividends.  For example, a bank holding company should not continue its
existing  rate of cash  dividends  on its common  stock unless its net income is
sufficient  to fully fund each  dividend  and its  prospective  rate of earnings
retention appears  consistent with its capital needs,  asset quality and overall
financial condition.  In addition,  the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued
policy  statements  which provide that insured banks and bank holding  companies
should generally pay dividends only out of current operating  earnings.  Federal
and state  banking  regulators  may also  restrict  the payment of  dividends by
order.

First National,  as a national bank,  generally may pay dividends from undivided
profits without restriction, provided that its surplus fund is at least equal to
its common stock capital fund. Boone Bank, Randall-Story Bank and State Bank are
also restricted  under Iowa law to paying  dividends only out of their undivided
profits.  Additionally, the payment of dividends by the Banks is affected by the
requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy
guidelines and  regulations,  and the Banks generally are prohibited from paying
any dividends if, following payment thereof, the Bank would be undercapitalized.
The  Company  has  unconsolidated   interest  bearing  deposits  and  marketable
investment  securities  totaling  $32,631,000  that are  presently  available to
provide additional liquidity to the Banks.

The Company's total  stockholders'  equity  increased to $93,622,000 at December
31,  2001,  from  $86,177,000  at  December  31,  2000.  At December  31,  2001,
stockholders' equity was 15.0 percent of total assets,  compared to 13.9 percent
at December 31, 2000.  Total equity  increased  due to retention of earnings and
from  appreciation  in the  Company  and Banks'  stock and bond  portfolios.  No
material  capital  expenditures or material  changes in the capital resource mix
are anticipated at this time. The capital levels of the Company currently exceed
applicable regulatory guidelines as of December 31, 2001.

Interest Rate Risk

Interest  rate risk refers to the exposure of earnings and capital  arising from
changes in interest rates.  Management's objectives are to control interest rate
risk and to ensure  predictable  and consistent  growth of earnings and capital.
Interest rate risk  management  focuses on  fluctuations  in net interest income
identified through computer simulations to evaluate volatility, varying interest
rate, spread and volume assumptions. The risk is quantified and compared against
tolerance levels.

                                       27
<PAGE>


The Company uses a third-party  computer software simulation modeling program to
measure its exposure to potential  interest  rate changes.  For various  assumed
hypothetical  changes in market interest rates,  numerous other  assumptions are
made such as prepayment  speeds on loans, the slope of the Treasury yield curve,
the rates and volumes of the Company's deposits and the rates and volumes of the
Company's  loans.  This analysis  measures the estimated  change in net interest
income in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates.

Another  measure of  interest  rate  sensitivity  is the gap  ratio.  This ratio
indicates the amount of interest-earning  assets repricing within a given period
in comparison to the amount of interest-bearing liabilities repricing within the
same period of time. A gap ratio of 1.0 indicates a matched  position,  in which
case the effect on net interest  income due to interest rate  movements  will be
minimal.  A gap ratio of less than 1.0  indicates  that  more  liabilities  than
assets  reprice  within the time period and a ratio  greater than 1.0  indicates
that more assets reprice than liabilities.

The  simulation  model  process  provides a dynamic  assessment of interest rate
sensitivity,  whereas a static interest rate gap table is compiled as of a point
in time. The model simulations  differ from a traditional gap analysis because a
traditional gap analysis does not reflect the multiple  effects of interest rate
movement  on the entire  range of assets,  liabilities  and  ignores  the future
impact of new business strategies.

Effect of New Statements of Financial Accounting Standards

In July  2001,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  (FASB)  issued two
statements, Statement 141, Business Combinations and Statement 142, Goodwill and
Other  Intangible  Assets.  Statement  141  eliminates  the  pooling  method for
accounting for business  combinations  and requires that intangible  assets that
meet  certain  criteria be reported  separately  from  goodwill.  Statement  142
eliminates  the  amortization  of  goodwill  and  other   intangibles  that  are
determined to have an indefinite  life. It also requires,  at a minimum,  annual
impairment tests for goodwill and other intangible assets that are determined to
have an indefinite life and require the carrying value of goodwill which exceeds
its implied fair value to be recognized as an impairment loss.

The provisions of FASB 141 apply to all business  combinations  initiated  after
June 30,  2001,  and all  business  combinations  accounted  for by the purchase
method  for  which  the  date  of  acquisition  is July 1,  2001 or  later.  The
provisions of FASB  Statement 142 are required to be  implemented by the Company
in the first quarter of 2002.  The adoption of these  standards will not have an
effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

Inflation

The primary impact of inflation on the Company's  operations is increased  asset
yields, deposit costs and operating overhead. Unlike most industries,  virtually
all of the assets and  liabilities  of a financial  institution  are monetary in
nature. As a result,  interest rates generally have a more significant impact on
a  financial   institution's   performance  than  they  would  on  non-financial
companies. Although interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction
or to the  same  extent  as the  prices  of goods  and  services,  increases  in
inflation  generally have resulted in increased  interest rates.  The effects of
inflation  can magnify  the growth of assets and if  significant,  require  that
equity capital increase at a faster rate than would be otherwise necessary.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company's  market risk is comprised  primarily of interest rate risk arising
from its core banking  activities of lending and deposit  taking.  Interest rate
risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates may adversely  affect the
Company's  net  interest  income.  Management  continually  develops and applies
strategies to mitigate this risk. Management does not believe that the Company's
primary  market risk  exposure and how that exposure was managed in 2001 changed
when compared to 2000.

Based on a simulation  modeling analysis  performed as of December 31, 2001, the
following  table  presents the  estimated  change in net interest  income in the
event of  hypothetical  changes in  interest  rates for the  various  rate shock
levels:

                                       28
<PAGE>


Net Interest Income at Risk

Estimated Change in Net Interest Income for Year Ending December 31, 2002

                                $ Change       % Change
                                -----------------------
+200 Basis Points               $ 99,000          0.5%
+100 Basis Points                269,000          1.3%
Base                                   0          0.0%
-100 Basis Points               (526,000)         -2.6%
-200 Basis Points               (817,000)         -4.0%

As shown above,  at December 31, 2000, the estimated  effect of an immediate 200
basis point increase in interest rates would increase the Company's net interest
income by .5 percent or  approximately  $99,000 in 2002. The estimated effect of
an immediate 200 basis point  decrease in rates would decrease the Company's net
interest income by 4.0 percent or approximately  $817,000 in 2002. The Company's
Asset Liability  Management Policy establishes  parameters for a 200 basis point
change in  interest  rates.  Under  this  policy,  the  Company  and the  Banks'
objective  is to properly  structure  the  balance  sheet to prevent a 200 basis
point change in interest rates from causing a decline in net interest  income by
more than 15 percent in one year  compared to the base year that  hypothetically
assumes no change in interest rates.

Computations  of the prospective  effects of hypothetical  interest rate changes
are  based  on  numerous  assumptions.  Actual  values  may  differ  from  those
projections set forth above.  Further,  the  computations do not contemplate any
actions  the  Company may  undertake  in response to changes in interest  rates.
Current interest rates on certain liabilities are at a level that does not allow
for significant repricing should market interest rates decline considerably.

Contractual Maturity or Repricing

The  following  table sets forth the estimated  maturity or  re-pricing  and the
resulting interest sensitivity gap, of the Company's interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing  liabilities  and the cumulative  interest  sensitivity  gap at
December 31, 2001. The expected maturities are presented on a contractual basis.
Actual maturities may differ from contractual  maturities  because of prepayment
assumptions,   early   withdrawal  of  deposits  and  competition   (dollars  in
thousands).
<TABLE>
                                               Less than      Three        One to       Over
                                                 three      months to       five        five      Cumulative
                                                 months      one year      years        years       Total
                                               -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
Interest - earning assets
  Interest-bearing deposits with banks .....   $     150    $      --    $     100    $      --    $     250
  Federal funds sold .......................      29,350           --           --           --       29,350
  Investments * ............................       4,940       23,683       81,324      103,831      213,778
  Loans ....................................      63,161       21,169      161,316       83,568      329,214
                                               -------------------------------------------------------------
        Total interest - earning
        assets .............................   $  97,601    $  44,852    $ 242,740    $ 187,399    $ 572,592
                                               =============================================================

Interest - bearing liabilities
  Interest bearing demand deposits .........   $ 108,509           --           --           --    $ 108,509
  Money market and savings deposits ........     138,342           --           --           --      138,342
  Time certificates < $100,000 .............      33,305       77,011       41,700        2,130      154,146
  Time certificates > $100,000 .............      16,771       24,590        6,355           --       47,716
  Other borrowed funds .....................      11,596           --           --           --       11,596
                                               -------------------------------------------------------------
        Total interest - bearing liabilities   $ 308,523    $ 101,601    $  48,055    $   2,130    $ 460,309

Interest sensitivity gap ...................   ($210,922)   ($ 56,749)   $ 194,685    $ 185,269    $ 112,283
                                               =============================================================

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap ........   ($210,922)   ($267,671)   ($ 72,986)   $ 112,283    $ 112,283
                                               =============================================================

Cumulative interest sensitivity
  gap as a percent of total assets .........     -34.05%      -43.22%      -11.78%       18.13%
                                               =============================================================
<FN>
*    Investments with maturities over 5 years include the market value of equity
     securities of $26,157.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       29
<PAGE>


As of December  31, 2001,  the  Company's  cumulative  gap ratios for assets and
liabilities  repricing  within three months and within one year were .34 and .43
respectively,  meaning  more  liabilities  than assets are  scheduled to reprice
within these periods. This situation suggests that a decrease in market interest
rates may benefit net interest income and that an increase in interest rates may
negatively impact the Company.  The liability  sensitive gap position is largely
the result of  classifying  the  interest  bearing NOW  accounts,  money  market
accounts and savings accounts as immediately  repriceable.  Certain shortcomings
are inherent in the method of analysis  presented in the  foregoing  table.  For
example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities and
periods to repricing,  they may react  differently to changes in market interest
rates.  Also,  interest rates on assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance
of changes in market  interest  rates,  while interest rates on other assets and
liabilities may follow changes in market interest rates.  Additionally,  certain
assets have features that restrict changes in the interest rates of such assets,
both on a short-term basis and over the lives of such assets.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Independent Auditor's Report

The Board of Directors Ames National Corporation Ames, Iowa

We have audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet of Ames National
Corporation  and   subsidiaries  as  of  December  31,  2001,  and  the  related
consolidated statements of income,  stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the
year then ended. These consolidated  financial statements are the responsibility
of the  Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to express an opinion on
these  consolidated  financial  statements  based on our audit. The consolidated
financial  statements  of  Ames  National  Corporation  and  subsidiaries  as of
December  31,  2000 and for the  years  ended  December  31,  2000 and 1999 were
audited  by other  auditors  whose  report,  dated  March 2, 2001  expressed  an
unqualified opinion on those statements.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards  generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the 2001 consolidated  financial  statements  referred to above
present  fairly,  in all  material  respects,  the  financial  position  of Ames
National  Corporation  and  subsidiaries  as  of  December  31,  2001,  and  the
consolidated  results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then
ended in conformity with accounting  principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.


/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP


Des Moines, Iowa
January 28, 2002

                                       30
<PAGE>



                          Independent Auditors' Report



The Board of Directors
Ames National Corporation:

We have audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet of Ames National
Corporation  and  subsidiaries  (the  Company) as of December 31, 2000,  and the
related consolidated statements of income,  stockholders' equity, and cash flows
for each of the years in the  two-year  period ended  December  31, 2000.  These
consolidated  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of the  Company's
management.  Our  responsibility is to express an opinion on these  consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial
statements  referred to above  present  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the
financial position of Ames National  Corporation and subsidiaries as of December
31, 2000, and the consolidated  results of their operations and their cash flows
for each of the  years in the  two-year  period  ended  December  31,  2000,  in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.


/s/ KPMG, LLP


Des Moines, Iowa
March 2, 2001


                                       31
<PAGE>


AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December 31, 2001 and 2000
<TABLE>

ASSETS                                                             2001              2000
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>              <C>
Cash and due from banks (Note 2) ...........................   $  42,459,156    $  28,775,032
Federal funds sold (Note 10) ...............................      29,350,000          245,000
Interest bearing deposits in financial institutions ........         250,000          348,174
Securities available-for-sale (Notes 3 and 7) ..............     213,778,175      232,706,157
Loans receivable, net (Notes 4 and 7) ......................     323,043,166      344,014,727
Bank premises and equipment, net (Note 5) ..................       7,183,655        5,216,301
Accrued income receivable ..................................       5,977,353        7,020,614
Other assets ...............................................         238,477        1,058,762
                                                               ------------------------------
Total assets ...............................................   $ 622,279,982    $ 619,384,767
                                                               ==============================

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
LIABILITIES
  Deposits (Note 6)
    Demand .................................................   $  62,796,265    $  54,597,366
    NOW accounts ...........................................     108,509,319       96,328,264
    Savings and money market ...............................     138,342,052      122,321,564
    Time, $100,000 and over ................................      47,716,458       63,894,549
    Other time .............................................     154,145,161      156,287,112
                                                               ------------------------------
        Total deposits .....................................     511,509,255      493,428,855

FHLB advances (Note 7) .....................................       1,000,000       16,000,000
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements
  to repurchase ............................................      10,596,174       19,007,419
Dividend payable ...........................................       1,312,596        1,248,917
Deferred taxes (Note 9) ....................................       1,188,670          158,450
Accrued expenses and other liabilities .....................       3,051,289        3,363,665
                                                               ------------------------------
        Total liabilities ..................................     528,657,984      533,207,306
                                                               ------------------------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 10)

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Note 11)
  Common stock, $5 par value, authorized 6,000,000 shares;
    issued 3,153,230 shares ................................      15,766,150       15,766,150
  Additional paid-in capital ...............................      25,393,028       25,428,994
  Retained earnings ........................................      49,397,011       44,036,378
  Treasury stock, at cost; 2001 28,001shares,
    2000 30,937 shares .....................................      (1,530,805)      (1,677,605)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income, net unrealized
    gain on securities available-for-sale ..................       4,596,614        2,623,544
                                                               ------------------------------
        Total stockholders' equity .........................      93,621,998       86,177,461
                                                               ------------------------------

        Total liabilities and stockholders' equity .........   $ 622,279,982    $ 619,384,767
                                                               ==============================
</TABLE>
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       32
<PAGE>



AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
<TABLE>
                                                      2001          2000          1999
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>           <C>           <C>
Interest and dividend income:
  Loans .......................................   $27,891,379   $28,306,128   $24,386,312
  Securities ..................................    11,590,918    14,313,751    14,838,813
  Federal funds sold ..........................       829,083       376,851       293,594
  Dividends ...................................     1,162,176     1,020,822       842,823
                                                  ---------------------------------------
                                                   41,473,556    44,017,552    40,361,542
                                                  ---------------------------------------
Interest expense:
  Deposits ....................................    17,791,314    20,937,730    18,893,947
  Other borrowed funds ........................     1,091,319     3,322,924     1,087,013
                                                  ---------------------------------------
                                                   18,882,633    24,260,654    19,980,960
                                                  ---------------------------------------

        Net interest income ...................    22,590,923    19,756,898    20,380,582

Provision for loan losses (Note 4) ............       897,540       460,049       166,260
                                                  ---------------------------------------

        Net interest income after provision for
        loan losses ...........................    21,693,383    19,296,849    20,214,322
                                                  ---------------------------------------

Noninterest income:
  Trust department income .....................       948,499       879,686       932,291
  Service fees ................................     1,585,036     1,454,528     1,594,549
  Securities gains, net (Note 3) ..............     1,197,050       715,929     1,265,520
  Recovery of written-off investment ..........          --            --         846,407
  Other .......................................     1,349,459     1,079,821     1,111,317
                                                  ---------------------------------------
        Total noninterest income ..............     5,080,044     4,129,964     5,750,084
                                                  ---------------------------------------

Noninterest expense:
  Salaries and employee benefits (Note 8) .....     6,834,588     6,347,357     6,151,031
  Data processing .............................     1,772,726     1,557,875     1,793,307
  Occupancy expenses ..........................       726,049       708,188       706,895
  Other operating expenses ....................     2,253,920     2,098,580     2,557,315
                                                  ---------------------------------------
        Total noninterest expense .............    11,587,283    10,712,000    11,208,548
                                                  ---------------------------------------

        Income before income taxes ............    15,186,144    12,714,813    14,755,858

Provision for income taxes (Note 9) ...........     4,638,806     3,595,951     4,428,716
                                                  ---------------------------------------

        Net income ............................   $10,547,338   $ 9,118,862   $10,327,142
                                                  =======================================

Basic earnings per share (Note 1) .............   $      3.38   $      2.92   $      3.31
                                                  =======================================
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       33
<PAGE>



AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999


<TABLE>

                                                                                          Additional
                                               Comprehensive      Common      Paid-in      Retained       Treasury
                                                  Income           Stock      Capital      Earnings        Stock
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998 ..................                  $15,766,150  $25,272,044    $34,186,419    $(1,806,351)
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ..............................   $ 10,327,142            --           --     10,327,142             --
    Other comprehensive (loss), unrealized
      (losses) on securities, net of
      reclassification adjustment, net of
      tax (Note 3) ..........................     (7,715,983)           --           --             --             --
                                                ------------
        Total comprehensive income ..........   $  2,611,159
                                                ============
  Cash dividends declared, $1.50 per share ..                           --           --     (4,664,207)            --
  Purchase of 26,150 shares of treasury stock                           --           --             --     (1,438,305)
  Sale of 8,844 shares of treasury stock ....                           --       35,007             --        420,501
                                                               -------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 1999 ..................                   15,766,150   25,307,051     39,849,354     (2,824,155)
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ..............................   $  9,118,862            --           --      9,118,862             --
    Other comprehensive income, unrealized
      gains on securities, net of
      reclassification adjustment, net of
      tax (Note 3) ..........................      4,649,235            --           --             --             --
                                                ------------
        Total comprehensive income ..........   $ 13,768,097
                                                ============
  Cash dividends declared, $1.58 per share ..                           --           --     (4,931,838)            --
  Sale of 22,931 shares of treasury stock ...                           --      121,943             --      1,146,550
                                                               -----------
Balance, December 31, 2000 ..................                   15,766,150   25,428,994     44,036,378     (1,677,605)
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ..............................   $ 10,547,338            --           --     10,547,338             --
    Other comprehensive income, unrealized
      gains on securities, net of
      reclassification adjustment, net of
      tax (Note 3) ..........................      1,973,070            --           --             --             --
                                                ------------
        Total comprehensive income ..........   $ 12,520,408
                                                ============
  Cash dividends declared, $1.66 per share ..                           --           --     (5,186,705)            --
  Sale of 2,936 shares of treasury stock ....                           --      (35,966)            --        146,800
                                                               -------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2001 ..................                  $15,766,150    $ 25,393,028 $49,397,011    $(1,530,805)
                                                               ======================================================

                                  Continue ...

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>

                                       34
<PAGE>


AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Continued)
Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

                                               Accumulated
                                                  Other              Total
                                               Comprehensive      Stockholders'
                                               Income (Loss)         Equity
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, December 31, 1998 ..................   $5,690,292        $79,108,554
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ..............................           --         10,327,142
    Other comprehensive (loss), unrealized
      (losses) on securities, net of
      reclassification adjustment, net of
      tax (Note 3) ..........................   (7,715,983)        (7,715,983)

        Total comprehensive income ..........

  Cash dividends declared, $1.50 per share ..           --         (4,664,207)
  Purchase of 26,150 shares of treasury stock                      (1,438,305)
  Sale of 8,844 shares of treasury stock ....           --            455,508
                                                --------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 1999 ..................   (2,025,691)        76,072,709
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ..............................           --          9,118,862
    Other comprehensive income, unrealized
      gains on securities, net of
      reclassification adjustment, net of
      tax (Note 3) ..........................    4,649,235          4,649,235

        Total comprehensive income ..........

  Cash dividends declared, $1.58 per share ..           --         (4,931,838)
  Sale of 22,931 shares of treasury stock ...           --          1,268,493
                                                --------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2000 ..................    2,623,544         86,177,461
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income ..............................           --         10,547,338
    Other comprehensive income, unrealized
      gains on securities, net of
      reclassification adjustment, net of
      tax (Note 3) ..........................    1,973,070          1,973,070

        Total comprehensive income ..........

  Cash dividends declared, $1.66 per share ..           --         (5,186,705)
  Sale of 2,936 shares of treasury stock ....           --            110,834
                                                --------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2001 ..................   $4,596,614        $93,621,998
                                                ================================
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       35
<PAGE>



AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
<TABLE>

                                                                             2001           2000            1999
                                                                        --------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income ........................................................   $ 10,547,338    $  9,118,862    $ 10,327,142
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
    Provision for loan losses .......................................        897,540         460,049         166,260
    Amortization and accretion ......................................        (58,859)         (9,227)         13,331
    Depreciation ....................................................        642,835         731,370         919,005
    Provision for deferred taxes ....................................       (129,614)       (137,000)         12,500
    (Gain) on sale of securities available-for-sale .................     (1,197,050)       (715,929)     (1,265,520)
    (Gain) on sale of property and equipment ........................             --         (94,135)             --
    Recovery of written-off investment ..............................             --              --        (846,407)
    Change in assets and liabilities:
      (Increase) decrease in accrued income receivable ..............      1,043,261        (405,350)       (183,638)
      (Increase) decrease in other assets ...........................        820,285        (382,484)        490,528
      (Decrease) in accrued interest and other liabilities ..........       (312,376)       (354,516)       (876,979)
                                                                        --------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by operating activities ...................     12,253,360       8,211,640       8,756,222
                                                                        --------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchase of securities available-for-sale .........................    (47,350,981)    (28,065,802)    (85,097,789)
  Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale ...............     23,282,181      30,835,280       8,157,702
  Proceeds from recovery of written-off investment ..................             --              --         846,407
  Proceeds from maturities of securities available-for-sale .........     47,385,595      26,795,364      56,773,055
  Proceeds from sale of property and equipment ......................             --         146,152              --
  Net decrease in interest bearing deposits in financial institutions         98,174         378,222         679,102
  Net decrease (increase) in federal funds sold .....................    (29,105,000)       (160,000)     11,315,000
  Net decrease (increase) in loans ..................................     20,074,021     (34,822,664)    (22,105,741)
  Purchase of bank premises and equipment ...........................     (2,610,189)       (617,332)       (839,017)
                                                                        --------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities .........     11,773,801      (5,510,780)    (30,271,281)
                                                                        --------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Increase in deposits ..............................................     18,080,400       8,809,148       2,107,009
  Increase (decrease) in FHLB advances, federal funds purchased
    and securities sold under agreements to repurchase ..............    (23,411,245)     (5,277,893)     29,755,604
  Dividends paid ....................................................     (5,123,026)     (4,867,972)     (4,585,605)
  Treasury stock purchased ..........................................             --              --      (1,438,305)
  Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock ..........................        110,834       1,268,493         455,508
                                                                        --------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities .........    (10,343,037)        (68,224)     26,294,211
                                                                        --------------------------------------------

        Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ...................     13,684,124       2,632,636       4,779,152

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
  Beginning .........................................................     28,775,032      26,142,396      21,363,244
                                                                        --------------------------------------------
  Ending ............................................................   $ 42,459,156    $ 28,775,032    $ 26,142,396
                                                                        ============================================
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW
  INFORMATION
  Cash payments for:
    Interest ........................................................   $ 19,749,270    $ 24,720,709   $ 20,044,292
    Income taxes ....................................................      4,321,320       3,681,134      4,614,727
</TABLE>
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       36
<PAGE>


AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Note 1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description  of  business:  Ames  National  Corporation  and  subsidiaries  (the
Company) operates in the commercial banking industry through its subsidiaries in
Ames,  Boone,  Story City,  and Nevada,  Iowa.  Loan and deposit  customers  are
located  primarily in Story,  Boone, and Hamilton  counties in Iowa and adjacent
counties.

Segment information: The Company has one operating segment: banking. The banking
segment  generates  revenues  through  personal,   business,   agricultural  and
commercial lending, management of the investment securities portfolio, providing
deposit account services and providing trust services.

Consolidation:  The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of
Ames   National   Corporation   (the  Parent   Company)  and  its   wholly-owned
subsidiaries,  First National Bank,  Ames, Iowa; State Bank & Trust Co., Nevada,
Iowa; Boone Bank and Trust Co., Boone, Iowa; and Randall-Story State Bank, Story
City, Iowa (collectively,  the Banks). All significant intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of estimates:  The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the  United  States  of  America
requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported
amounts  of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting  period.  Actual results could differ
from those estimates.  Material  estimates that are particularly  susceptible to
significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance
for loan losses and fair value of financial instruments.

Cash and cash  equivalents:  For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash
equivalents include cash on hand and amounts due from banks.

Securities  available-for-sale:  Securities available-for-sale consist of equity
securities and debt securities not classified as trading or held-to-maturity and
are carried at fair value.  Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of deferred
income  taxes,  are  reported  in a  separate  component  of  accumulated  other
comprehensive  income until  realized.  Realized gains and losses on the sale of
such securities are determined using the specific  identification method and are
reflected in the consolidated  statements of income.  Premiums and discounts are
recognized  in  interest  income  using the  interest  method over the period to
maturity or call date of the related security.

Unrealized losses judged to be other than temporary are charged to operations.

Loans:  Loans are stated at the principal  amount  outstanding,  net of deferred
loan fees and the  allowance  for loan losses.  Interest on loans is credited to
income as earned based on the principal amount outstanding. The Banks' policy is
to discontinue  the accrual of interest  income on any loan 90 days or more past
due unless the loans are well  collateralized  and in the process of collection.
Nonaccrual  loans are  returned  to an accrual  status  when,  in the opinion of
management,  the financial position of the borrower indicates there is no longer
any reasonable doubt as to timely payment of principal or interest.

Allowance  for loan losses:  The  allowance  for loan losses is  maintained at a
level deemed  appropriate  by management to provide for known and inherent risks
in the loan portfolio.  The allowance is based upon a continuing  review of past
loan loss experience, current economic conditions, and the underlying collateral
value securing the loans. Loans which are deemed to be uncollectible are charged
off and deducted from the  allowance.  Recoveries on loans  charged-off  and the
provision for loan losses are added to the allowance.

A loan is considered  impaired when, based on current information and events, it
is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of
principal or interest  when due according to the  contractual  terms of the loan
agreement.  Factors  considered by management in determining  impairment include
payment status,  collateral  value, and the probability of collecting  scheduled
principal and interest  payments  when due.  Impairment is measured on a loan by
loan basis for commercial and construction  loans by either the present value of
expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, the
loan's  obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent.

                                       37
<PAGE>


Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for
impairment.  Accordingly,  the Company does not separately  identify  individual
consumer and residential loans for impairment disclosures.

Premises  and  equipment:  Premises  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less
accumulated  depreciation.  Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line
and  accelerated  methods  over the  estimated  useful  lives of the  respective
assets.  Depreciable  lives range from 3 to 7 years for  equipment  and 15 to 39
years for premises.

Trust  department  assets:  Property  held for  customers in fiduciary or agency
capacities is not included in the accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets, as
such items are not assets of the Banks.

Income taxes: _Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax  consequences  attributable to differences  between the financial  statement
carrying  amounts of existing assets and  liabilities  and their  respective tax
bases and are  measured  using  enacted  tax rates  expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which  those  temporary  differences  are  expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets
and  liabilities  is  recognized  in  income in the  period  that  includes  the
enactment date.

The Company files a  consolidated  federal  income tax return,  with each entity
computing its taxes on a separate  company  basis.  For state tax purposes,  the
Banks file  franchise  tax returns,  while the Parent  Company files a corporate
income tax return.

Fair value of financial instruments:  The following methods and assumptions were
used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures:

Cash  and due from  banks:  The  recorded  amount  of cash  and due  from  banks
approximates fair value.

Federal funds sold: The recorded amount of Federal funds sold  approximates fair
value, because of the short term nature of the instruments.

Interest-bearing  deposits:  The recorded  amount of  interest-bearing  deposits
approximates fair value.

Securities available-for-sale:  Fair values of securities available-for-sale are
based on bid prices published in financial  newspapers,  bid quotations received
from  securities  dealers,  or  quoted  market  prices of  similar  instruments,
adjusted for  differences  between the quoted  instruments  and the  instruments
being valued.

Loans: The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting scheduled cash flows
through the estimated  maturity using estimated  market  discount  rates,  which
reflect the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan.  The estimate of
maturity is based on the historical  experience,  with  repayments for each loan
classification  modified,  as required,  by an estimate of the effect of current
economic and lending conditions. The effect of nonperforming loans is considered
in assessing the credit risk inherent in the fair value estimate.

Deposit  liabilities:  Fair values of deposits with no stated maturity,  such as
noninterest-bearing  demand deposits, savings and NOW accounts, and money market
accounts, are equal to the amount payable on demand as of the respective balance
sheet date.  Fair values of  certificates of deposit are based on the discounted
value of contractual  cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates
currently offered for deposits of similar remaining  maturities.  The fair value
estimates do not include the benefit  that  results  from the  low-cost  funding
provided by the deposit  liabilities  compared to the cost of borrowing funds in
the market.

FHLB  advances:  The recorded  amount of FHLB advances  approximates  fair value
because of the short-term nature of the instrument.

Other borrowings: The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased and securities
sold under  agreements  to  repurchase  approximate  fair  value  because of the
short-term nature of the instruments.

Accrued income receivable and accrued interest payable:  The carrying amounts of
accrued income receivable and interest payable approximate fair value.

                                       38
<PAGE>

Limitations: Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on
relevant  market  information and  information  about the financial  instrument.
Because no market  exists for a significant  portion of the Company's  financial
instruments,  fair  value  estimates  are based on  judgments  regarding  future
expected loss experience,  current economic conditions,  risk characteristics of
various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are subjective
in nature and involve  uncertainties  and matters of  significant  judgment and,
therefore,  cannot be determined  with precision.  Changes in assumptions  could
significantly affect the estimates.

Earnings per share:  Basic earnings per share  computations  for the years ended
December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999, were determined by dividing net income by the
weighted-average  number of common  shares  outstanding  during  the years  then
ended. The Company had no potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the
periods presented.

The following  information  was used in the  computation  of basic  earnings per
share for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999.

                                         2001            2000           1999
                                     -------------------------------------------
Basic EPS computation:
  Net income ...................     $10,547,338     $ 9,118,862     $10,327,142
  Weighted average common
    shares outstanding .........       3,123,885       3,120,375       3,118,427
                                     -------------------------------------------
        Basic EPS ..............     $      3.38     $      2.92     $      3.31
                                     ===========================================

Effects of new Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards:  In July 2001, the
Financial  Accounting  Standards Board (FASB) issued two  statements,  Statement
141,  Business  Combinations  and Statement 142,  Goodwill and Other  Intangible
Assets.  Statement 141 eliminates the pooling method for accounting for business
combinations  and requires that intangible  assets that meet certain criteria be
reported separately from goodwill.  Statement 142 eliminates the amortization of
goodwill and other  intangibles  that are determined to have an indefinite life.
It also requires,  at a minimum,  annual impairment tests for goodwill and other
intangible assets that are determined to have an indefinite life and require the
carrying value of goodwill which exceeds its implied fair value to be recognized
as an impairment loss.

The provisions of FASB 141 apply to all business  combinations  initiated  after
June 30,  2001,  and all  business  combinations  accounted  for by the purchase
method  for  which  the  date  of  acquisition  is July 1,  2001 or  later.  The
provisions of FASB  Statement 142 are required to be  implemented by the Company
in the first quarter of 2002.  The adoption of these  standards will not have an
effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

Note 2.  Restrictions on Cash and Due from Banks

The Federal Reserve Bank requires member banks to maintain  certain cash and due
from  bank  reserves.   The  subsidiary  banks'  reserve   requirements  totaled
approximately $6,699,000 at December 31, 2001.

Note 3.  Securities

The carrying amount of securities and their  approximate fair values at December
31, 2001 and 2000, are summarized below:
<TABLE>
                                                          Gross          Gross
                                          Amortized     Unrealized     Unrealized      Estimated
                                             Cost         Gains          Losses        Fair Value
                                         ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
2001:
  Securities available-for-sale:
    U.S. treasury ....................   $ 12,237,419   $    310,957   $         --   $ 12,548,376
    U.S. government agencies .........     59,085,647      1,789,720         17,706     60,857,661
    State and political subdivisions .     62,114,862      1,149,176        154,659     63,109,379
    Corporate bonds ..................     50,241,082      1,167,157        302,700     51,105,539
    Equity securities ................     22,800,966      3,532,047        175,793     26,157,220
                                         ---------------------------------------------------------
                                         $206,479,976   $  7,949,057   $    650,858   $213,778,175
                                         =========================================================
2000:
  Securities available-for-sale:
    U.S. treasury ....................   $ 22,970,692   $    192,215   $     13,077   $ 23,149,830
    U.S. government agencies .........     86,193,244        416,748        745,708     85,864,284
    State and political subdivisions .     60,644,943        947,188        181,099     61,411,032
    Corporate bonds ..................     43,739,245        244,474        816,714     43,167,005
    Equity securities ................     14,992,738      4,121,268           --       19,114,006
                                         ---------------------------------------------------------
                                         $228,540,862   $  5,921,893   $  1,756,598   $232,706,157
                                         =========================================================
</TABLE>
                                       39
<PAGE>


The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities  available-for-sale as
of  December  31,  2001,  are  shown  below by  contractual  maturity.  Expected
maturities will differ from contractual  maturities because issuers may have the
right  to  call  or  prepay  obligations  with or  without  call  or  prepayment
penalties.
                                                    Amortized        Estimated
                                                       Cost          Fair Value
                                                   -----------------------------

Due in one year or less ......................     $ 28,113,269     $ 28,623,067
Due after one year through five years ........       78,781,164       81,324,254
Due after five years through ten years .......       61,696,352       62,553,594
Due after ten years ..........................       15,088,225       15,120,040
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                    183,679,010      187,620,955
Equity securities ............................       22,800,966       26,157,220
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   $206,479,976     $213,778,175
                                                   =============================

At December 31, 2001 and 2000, securities with a carrying value of approximately
$31,360,000 and $39,307,000,  respectively, were pledged as collateral on public
deposits, repurchase agreements, and for other purposes as required or permitted
by law.

Gross realized gains and gross  realized  losses on sales of  available-for-sale
securities  were  $1,200,323  and $3,273,  respectively,  in 2001,  $790,793 and
$74,864,  respectively,  in 2000, and $1,290,456 and $24,936,  respectively,  in
1999.

The  components  of other  comprehensive  income (loss) - net  unrealized  gains
(losses) on securities  for the years ended  December 31, 2001,  2000, and 1999,
were as follows:
<TABLE>
                                                 2001            2000           1999
                                            --------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>             <C>             <C>
Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising
  during the period .....................   $  4,329,954    $  8,095,667    $(10,982,072)
Reclassification adjustment for net gains
  realized in net income ................     (1,197,050)       (715,929)     (1,265,520)
                                            --------------------------------------------
        Net unrealized gains (losses)
        before tax effect ...............      3,132,904       7,379,738     (12,247,592)
Tax effect ..............................     (1,159,834)     (2,730,503)      4,531,609
                                            --------------------------------------------
        Other comprehensive income
        (loss) - net unrealized gains
        (losses) on securities ..........   $  1,973,070    $  4,649,235    $ (7,715,983)
                                            ============================================
</TABLE>

Note 4.  Loans Receivable

The  composition  of net loans  receivable  at December 31, 2001 and 2000, is as
follows:
                                                  2001                 2000
                                             -----------------------------------

Commercial and agricultural ..........       $  72,997,606        $  82,153,469
Real estate ..........................         235,295,873          243,394,465
Consumer .............................          12,363,604           14,710,597
Other ................................           8,556,838            9,865,302
                                             ----------------------------------
                                               329,213,921          350,123,833
Less:
  Allowance for loan losses ..........          (5,445,671)          (5,373,167)
  Deferred loan fees .................            (725,084)            (735,939)
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             $ 323,043,166        $ 344,014,727
                                             ==================================

Changes in the allowance  for loan losses for the year ended  December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999 are as follows:
                                          2001           2000           1999
                                      ------------------------------------------

Balance, beginning ................   $ 5,373,167    $ 4,986,474    $ 4,845,822
  Provision for loan losses .......       897,540        460,049        166,260
  Recoveries of loans charged-off .        27,131         77,669         32,970
  Loans charged-off ...............      (852,167)      (151,025)       (58,578)
                                      -----------------------------------------
Balance, ending ...................   $ 5,445,671    $ 5,373,167    $ 4,986,474
                                      =========================================

                                       40
<PAGE>


Loans are made in the normal  course of  business  to  directors  and  executive
officers  of the  Company  and to their  affiliates.  The terms of these  loans,
including  interest rates and  collateral,  are similar to those  prevailing for
comparable  transactions  with others and do not involve more than a normal risk
of collectibility.  Such loans amounted to $4,755,229 and $5,235,102 at December
31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.  During the year ended December 31, 2001, total
principal  additions  were  $8,535,527  and  total  principal   repayments  were
$9,015,400.

Mortgage  loans  serviced  for  others  are  not  included  in the  accompanying
consolidated  balance sheet. The unpaid  principal  balances of these loans were
approximately  $29,703,000  at December  31,  2000.  Custodial  escrow  balances
maintained in  connection  with the foregoing  serviced  loans,  and included in
demand deposits,  were approximately  $89,000 at December 31, 2000. During 2001,
all mortgage servicing rights on mortgage loans serviced for others were sold.

At December 31, 2001 and 2000, the Company had impaired  loans of  approximately
$2,692,000 and $2,663,000,  respectively.  The allowance for loan losses related
to these impaired loans was approximately  $207,000 and $233,000 at December 31,
2001 and 2000,  respectively.  The average  balances  of impaired  loans for the
years  ended  December  31,  2001 and  2000,  were  $2,837,000  and  $1,367,000,
respectively.  For the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000,  interest  income
which  would  have been  recorded  under the  original  terms of such  loans was
approximately $243,000 and $254,000,  respectively,  with $114,000 and $101,000,
respectively, recorded.

The amount the Company  will  ultimately  realize  from these loans could differ
materially  from their carrying value because of future  developments  affecting
the underlying  collateral or the borrowers'  ability to repay the loans.  As of
December 31, 2001,  there were no material  commitments to lend additional funds
to customers whose loans were classified as impaired.

Note 5.  Bank Premises and Equipment

The major  classes of bank  premises  and  equipment  and the total  accumulated
depreciation as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, are as follows:

                                                       2001              2000
                                                   -----------------------------

Land .......................................       $ 1,042,869       $ 1,042,869
Buildings and improvements .................         5,648,698         5,495,324
Furniture and equipment ....................         5,509,082         5,701,396
Construction in process ....................         2,240,129              --
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                    14,440,778        12,239,589
Less accumulated depreciation ..............         7,257,123         7,023,288
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   $ 7,183,655       $ 5,216,301
                                                   =============================

Note 6.  Deposits

At December 31, 2001, the maturities of time deposits are as follows:

Years ended December 31,
2002                                                               $ 151,676,684
2003                                                                  25,031,477
2004                                                                  19,087,286
2005                                                                   3,936,002
2006 and thereafter                                                    2,130,170
                                                                   -------------
                                                                   $ 201,861,619
                                                                   =============

Interest expense on deposits is summarized as follows:

                                         2001            2000            1999
                                     -------------------------------------------

NOW accounts ...................     $ 2,060,963     $ 3,112,960     $ 2,450,116
Savings and money market .......       3,665,428       5,030,644       4,430,422
Time, $100,000 and over ........       3,329,175       3,823,665       3,686,835
Other time .....................       8,735,748       8,970,461       8,326,574
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     $17,791,314     $20,937,730     $18,893,947
                                     ===========================================


                                       41
<PAGE>


Note 7.  FHLB Advances

Advances  from the Federal  Home Loan Bank of Des Moines  (FHLB) at December 31,
2001 and 2000, were as follows:
<TABLE>
                                               2001                            2000
                                    ------------------------------   -----------------------------
                                                      Weighted-                        Weighted-
                                                       Average                          Average
                                       Amount       Interest Rate        Amount      Interest Rate
                                    --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>
Advance maturity within one year:
  Variable ......................   $        --          --%         $ 8,000,000          6.55%
  Fixed .........................     1,000,000        5.21            8,000,000          6.63
                                    -----------                      -----------
                                    $ 1,000,000                      $16,000,000
                                    ===========                      ===========
</TABLE>

The  advances  are  collateralized  by FHLB  stock  and  qualifying  residential
mortgage loans representing 120% to 160% of the total advances outstanding.

Note 8.  Employee Benefit Plans

The  Company  has a stock  purchase  plan for  employees  of the Company and its
subsidiaries.  The shares are sold at fair  market  value as  determined  by the
Board of Directors of the Company.  At December 31, 2001 and 2000, 14,000 shares
were unissued and reserved for the plan.  The 2001 and 2000  purchase  price was
$37.75 and $57.00 per share, respectively.

The Company has a qualified 401(k) profit-sharing plan that covers substantially
all employees.  The Company matches employee contributions up to a maximum of 2%
of  qualified  compensation.  In  addition,  contributions  can  be  made  on  a
discretionary  basis by the  Company on behalf of the  employees.  For the years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.  Company  contributions to the plan were
approximately $243,000, $188,000, and $246,000, respectively.

The  Company  has  a  qualified   money   purchase   pension  plan  that  covers
substantially  all employees.  The Company  contributes an amount equal to 5% of
the  participating  employee's  compensation.  For the years ended  December 31,
2001,  2000 and  1999,  Company  contributions  to the plan  were  approximately
$223,000, $188,800, and $184,700, respectively.

Note 9.  Income Taxes

The components of income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2001,  2000
and 1999 are as follows:

                                 Current            Deferred           Total
                               -------------------------------------------------
2001:
  Federal ..............       $ 4,028,481        $  (110,851)       $ 3,917,630
  State ................           739,939            (18,763)           721,176
                               -------------------------------------------------
                               $ 4,768,420        $  (129,614)       $ 4,638,806
                               =================================================

2000:
  Federal ..............       $ 3,121,724        $  (118,000)       $ 3,003,724
  State ................           611,227            (19,000)           592,227
                               -------------------------------------------------
                               $ 3,732,951        $  (137,000)       $ 3,595,951
                               =================================================

1999:
  Federal ..............       $ 3,687,264        $    11,314        $ 3,698,578
  State ................           728,952              1,186            730,138
                               -------------------------------------------------
                               $ 4,416,216        $    12,500        $ 4,428,716
                               =================================================

                                       42
<PAGE>


Total income tax expense differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S.
federal  income tax rate of 34% to income before income taxes is a result of the
following for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999:

                                          2001           2000           1999
                                      -----------------------------------------

Computed "expected" tax expense ...   $ 5,163,289    $ 4,323,036    $ 5,016,992
Tax exempt interest and dividends .    (1,222,985)    (1,180,343)      (917,000)
State taxes and other .............       698,502        453,258        328,724
                                      -----------------------------------------
                                      $ 4,638,806    $ 3,595,951    $ 4,428,716
                                      =========================================

The tax effects of temporary  differences that give rise to significant portions
of the  deferred tax assets and  deferred  liabilities  at December 31, 2001 and
2000, are as follows:

                                                        2001            2000
                                                    ---------------------------

Deferred tax assets:
  Allowance for loan losses ....................    $ 1,523,580     $ 1,495,379
  Other ........................................         45,619          18,632
                                                    ---------------------------
        Total gross deferred tax assets ........      1,569,199       1,514,011
                                                    ---------------------------

Deferred tax liabilities:
  Unrealized gain on securities ................      2,701,584       1,541,750
  Other ........................................         56,285         130,711
                                                    ---------------------------
        Total gross deferred tax liabilities ...      2,757,869       1,672,461
                                                    ---------------------------

        Net deferred tax asset (liability) .....    $(1,188,670)    $  (158,450)
                                                    ===========================

At December 31, 2001 and 2000,  income taxes currently  payable of approximately
$469,000 and $22,000,  respectively,  are included in accrued interest and other
liabilities.

Note 10. Commitments, Contingencies and Concentrations of Credit Risk

The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the
normal course of business.  These financial  instruments  include commitments to
extend  credit and standby  letters of credit.  These  instruments  involve,  to
varying degrees,  elements of credit risk in excess of the amount  recognized in
the balance sheet.

The  Company's  exposure  to credit loss in the event of  nonperformance  by the
other party to the financial  instrument  for  commitments  to extend credit and
standby  letters of credit is  represented  by the  contractual  amount of those
instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and
conditional obligations as they do for on-balance-sheet  instruments.  A summary
of the Company's commitments at December 31, 2001 and 2000, is as follows:

                                                      2001              2000
                                                  ------------------------------

Commitments to extend credit .............        $51,636,000        $49,540,000
Standby letters of credit ................          1,231,000          3,448,000
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  $52,867,000        $52,988,000
                                                  ==============================

Commitments  to extend  credit are  agreements  to lend to a customer as long as
there is no violation of any condition  established in the contract.  Since many
of the  commitments  are expected to expire  without being drawn upon, the total
commitment amounts do not necessarily  represent future cash  requirements.  The
Bank evaluates each customer's  creditworthiness  on a case-by-case  basis.  The
amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of
credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the party.

                                       43
<PAGE>

Standby  letters of credit are  conditional  commitments  issued by the Banks to
guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party.  Those  guarantees are
primarily  issued to support  public and  private  borrowing  arrangements.  The
credit risk  involved in issuing  letters of credit is  essentially  the same as
that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.  Collateral held varies
and is required in instances which the Banks deem necessary.

In the normal  course of  business,  the Company is  involved  in various  legal
proceedings.  In the opinion of  management,  any liability  resulting from such
proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's  financial
statements.

Concentrations  of credit risk: The Banks originate real estate,  consumer,  and
commercial loans,  primarily in Story,  Boone, and Hamilton Counties,  Iowa, and
adjacent  counties.  Although  the Banks have  diversified  loan  portfolios,  a
substantial portion of their borrowers' ability to repay loans is dependent upon
economic conditions in the Banks' market areas.

At December 31, 2001, the Company has a  concentration  of federal funds sold in
the amount of $20,000,000 with one institution.

Note 11. Regulatory Matters

The Company and its subsidiary banks are subject to various  regulatory  capital
requirements  administered  by the  federal  banking  agencies.  Failure to meet
minimum  capital  requirements  can  initiate  certain  mandatory - and possible
additional discretionary - actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have
a direct material effect on the Company's  financial  statements.  Under capital
adequacy  guidelines and the regulatory  framework for prompt corrective action,
the Company must meet  specific  capital  guidelines  that involve  quantitative
measures of the  Company's  assets,  liabilities  and certain  off-balance-sheet
items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company's capital
amounts and classification are also subject to regulatory  accounting practices.
The Company's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative
judgments  by the  regulators  about  components,  risk  weightings,  and  other
factors.

Quantitative  measures  established  by  regulation to ensure  capital  adequacy
require the Company and each  subsidiary  bank to maintain  minimum  amounts and
ratios (set forth in the table below) of total and Tier I capital (as defined in
the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier I capital (as
defined) to average assets (as defined). Management believes, as of December 31,
2001  and  2000,  that the  Company  and each  subsidiary  bank met all  capital
adequacy requirements to which they are subject.

As of December 31, 2001, the most recent  notification  from the federal banking
regulators  categorized  the  subsidiary  banks as well  capitalized  under  the
regulatory  framework  for  prompt  corrective  action.  To  be  categorized  as
adequately capitalized the banks must maintain minimum total risk-based,  Tier I
risk-based,  and Tier I leverage  ratios as set forth in the  table.  Management
believes  there are no  conditions or events since that  notification  that have
changed the  institution's  category.  The Company's and each of the  subsidiary
bank's  actual  capital  amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 are
also presented in the table.
<TABLE>
                                                                         To Be Well
                                                                     Capitalized Under
                                                     For Capital     Prompt Corrective
                                 Actual           Adequacy Purposes  Action Provisions
                                 Amount    Ratio    Amount   Ratio    Amount    Ratio
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>       <C>    <C>        <C>      <C>       <C>
As of December 31, 2001:
  Total capital (to risk-
   weighted assets):
   Consolidated ..............   $93,622   22.0%   $34,074    8.0%    $42,592   10.0%
   Boone Bank & Trust ........    10,678   14.9      5,722    8.0       7,153   10.0
   First National Bank .......    35,711   16.1     17,770    8.0      22,213   10.0
   Randall-Story State Bank ..     7,248   15.7      3,683    8.0       4,604   10.0
   State Bank & Trust ........    10,423   15.5      5,366    8.0       6,707   10.0
  Tier 1 capital ( to risk-
    weighted assets):
    Consolidated .............   $89,025   20.9%   $17,037    4.0%    $25,555    6.0%
    Boone Bank & Trust .......     9,790   13.7      2,861    4.0       4,292    6.0
    First National Bank ......    32,934   14.8      8,885    4.0      13,328    6.0
    Randall-Story State Bank .     6,672   14.5      1,842    4.0       2,763    6.0
    State Bank & Trust .......     9,584   14.3      2,683    4.0       4,024    6.0
  Tier 1 capital ( to average-
    weighted assets):
    Consolidated .............   $89,025   13.9%   $25,702    4.0%    $32,128    5.0%
    Boone Bank & Trust .......     9,790    9.9      3,971    4.0       4,964    5.0
    First National Bank ......    32,934    9.2     14,772    4.0      17,841    5.0
    Randall-Story State Bank .     6,672   10.6      2,507    4.0       3,134    5.0
    State Bank & Trust .......     9,584    9.6      3,985    4.0       4,981    5.0
</TABLE>
                                       44
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                                           To Be Well
                                                                        Capitalized Under
                                                       For Capital      Prompt Corrective
                                 Actual             Adequacy Purposes   Action Provisions
                                 Amount    Ratio    Amount     Ratio    Amount      Ratio
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>       <C>     <C>         <C>      <C>         <C>
As of December 31, 2000:
  Total capital (to risk-
    weighted assets):
    Consolidated .............   $88,699   21.4%   $33,101      8.0%   $41,376       10.0%
    Boone Bank & Trust .......    10,246   12.8      8,915      8.0      7,091       10.0
    First National Bank ......    34,587   15.0     18,430      8.0     23,038       10.0
    Randall-Story State Bank .     7,087   17.5      3,239      8.0      4,049       10.0
    State Bank & Trust .......    10,146   15.2      5,327      8.0      6,658       10.0

  Tier 1 capital ( to risk-
    weighted assets):
    Consolidated .............   $83,525   20.2%   $16,550      4.0%   $24,825        6.0%
    Boone Bank & Trust .......     9,360   13.2      2,836      4.0      4,255        6.0
    First National Bank ......    31,707   13.8      9,215      4.0     13,823        6.0
    Randall-Story State Bank .     6,580   16.2      1,620      4.0      2,430        6.0
    State Bank & Trust .......     9,310   14.0      2,663      4.0      3,995        6.0

  Tier 1 capital ( to average-
    weighted assets):
    Consolidated .............   $83,525   13.4%   $24,985      4.0%   $31,231        5.0%
    Boone Bank & Trust .......     9,360    9.4      3,967      4.0      4,959        5.0
    First National Bank ......    31,707    9.3     13,583      4.0     16,978        5.0
    Randall-Story State Bank .     6,580   10.9      2,412      4.0      3,015        5.0
    State Bank & Trust .......     9,310    9.4      3,960      4.0      4,950        5.0

</TABLE>

Note 12. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The estimated fair values of the Company's  financial  instruments (as described
in Note 1) were as follows:
<TABLE>
                                                             2001                          2000
                                                           Carrying         Fair         Carrying         Fair
                                                             Amount         Value         Amount          Value
                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Financial assets:
  Cash and due from banks .............................   $ 42,459,156   $ 42,459,156   $ 28,775,032   $ 28,775,032
  Federal funds sold ..................................     29,350,000     29,350,000        245,000        245,000
  Interest-bearing deposits ...........................        250,000        250,000        348,174        348,174
  Securities available-for-sale .......................    213,778,175    213,778,175    232,706,157    232,706,157
  Loans, net ..........................................    323,043,166    329,024,000    344,014,727    336,670,000
  Accrued income receivable ...........................      5,977,353      5,977,353      7,020,614      7,020,614
Financial liabilities:
  Deposits ............................................    511,509,225    515,208,098    493,428,855    493,428,855
  FHLB advances .......................................      1,000,000      1,000,000     16,000,000     16,000,000
  Other borrowings ....................................     10,596,174     10,596,174     19,007,419     19,007,419
  Accrued interest ....................................      3,051,289      3,051,289      3,363,665      3,363,665


                                                             Notional    Unrealized       Notional     Unrealized
                                                              Amount     Gain (Loss)       Amount      Gain (Loss)
                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------

Off-balance sheet items:
  Commitments to extend credit ........................   $ 51,636,000   $       --     $ 49,500,000   $       --
  Standby letters of credit ...........................      1,231,000           --        3,448,000           --
</TABLE>

                                       45
<PAGE>

Note 13. Parent Company Only Financial Statements

Information relative to the Parent Company's balance sheets at December 31, 2001
and 2000,  and  statements of income and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2001, is as follows:

                    STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION

                       December 31, 2001 and 2000
<TABLE>
                                                                2001             2000
                                                             ----------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>
ASSETS
Cash and due from banks ..................................   $      6,738    $      1,826
Interest-bearing deposits in banks .......................      2,166,465       1,149,364
Securities available-for-sale ............................     30,464,217      25,750,486
Investment in bank subsidiaries ..........................     61,284,957      56,947,590
Loans receivable, net ....................................        258,227       2,659,071
Bank premises and equipment, net .........................        503,101         490,688
Accrued income receivable ................................      1,659,410       1,641,070
Other assets .............................................         25,504         333,711
                                                             ----------------------------
        Total assets .....................................   $ 96,368,619    $ 88,973,806
                                                             ============================
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
LIABILITIES
  Dividends payable ......................................   $  1,312,596    $  1,248,917
  Deferred taxes .........................................      1,328,606       1,545,640
  Accrued interest and other liabilities .................        105,419           1,788
                                                             ----------------------------
        Total liabilities ................................      2,746,621       2,796,345
                                                             ----------------------------

EQUITY
  Common stock, $5 par value; authorized 6,000,000 shares;
    issued 3,153,230 shares at December 31, 2001 and 2000      15,766,150      15,766,150
  Additional paid-in capital .............................     25,393,028      25,428,994
  Retained earnings ......................................     49,397,011      44,036,378
  Treasury stock, at cost; 2001 28,001 shares and
    2000 30,937 shares ...................................     (1,530,805)     (1,677,605)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income .................      4,596,614       2,623,544
                                                             ----------------------------
        Total equity .....................................     93,621,998      86,177,461
                                                             ----------------------------
        Total liabilities and equity .....................   $ 96,368,619    $ 88,973,806
                                                             ============================
</TABLE>

                                       46
<PAGE>


                  STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                 Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
<TABLE>
                                                  2001          2000          1999
                                              ---------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>
Operating income:
  Equity in net income of bank subsidiaries   $ 9,122,748   $ 7,855,578   $ 8,860,252
  Interest ................................       953,071       808,091       625,736
  Dividends ...............................       795,411       794,389       711,934
  Rents ...................................       245,882       225,866       185,855
  Security gains, net .....................     1,092,808       741,456     1,206,011
                                              ---------------------------------------
                                               12,209,920    10,425,380    11,589,788
                                              ---------------------------------------

Operating expenses:
  Occupancy expense .......................       178,802       178,191       164,069
  Other ...................................       923,780       713,327       458,577
                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                1,102,582       891,518       622,646
                                              ---------------------------------------

        Income before income taxes ........    11,107,338     9,533,862    10,967,142

Income tax expense ........................       560,000       415,000       640,000
                                              ---------------------------------------
        Net income ........................   $10,547,338   $ 9,118,862   $10,327,142
                                              =======================================
</TABLE>

                                       47
<PAGE>



                    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

          Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
<TABLE>
                                                           2001             2000            1999
                                                        --------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income ........................................   $ 10,547,338    $  9,118,862    $ 10,327,142
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation ....................................         66,781          65,247          55,931
    Amortization and accretion, net .................        (13,493)        (13,497)         (8,410)
    Provision for deferred taxes ....................             --              --           3,300
    (Gains) on sales of securities available-for-sale     (1,092,808)       (741,456)     (1,206,011)
    Undistributed net income of bank subsidiaries ...     (1,994,748)       (727,578)     (1,976,254)
    (Increase) in accrued income receivable .........        (18,340)        (39,369)        (72,418)
    (Increase) decrease in other assets .............        308,207        (325,579)        803,779
    Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable
      and other liabilities .........................        103,631        (845,213)        756,969
                                                        --------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by operating activities ...      7,906,568       6,491,417       8,684,028
                                                        --------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchase of securities available-for-sale .........    (10,244,488)     (6,882,724)     (6,959,270)
  Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale      4,025,880       4,949,983       2,107,310
  Proceeds from maturities of securities
    available-for-sale ..............................      2,024,595         600,000       1,995,537
  (Increase) decrease in interest bearing deposits
    in banks ........................................     (1,017,101)       (272,968)        679,102
  (Increase) decrease in loans ......................      2,400,844      (1,252,298)       (839,255)
  Purchase of bank premises and equpment ............        (79,194)        (36,064)        (98,754)
                                                        --------------------------------------------
        Net cash (used in) investing activities .....     (2,889,464)     (2,894,071)     (3,115,330)
                                                        --------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Dividends paid ....................................     (5,123,026)     (4,867,972)     (4,585,605)
  Treasury stock purchased ..........................           --              --        (1,438,305)
  Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock ..........        110,834       1,268,493         455,508
                                                        --------------------------------------------
        Net cash (used in) financing activities .....     (5,012,192)     (3,599,479)     (5,568,402)
                                                        --------------------------------------------

        Net increase (decrease) in cash and
        cash equivalents ............................          4,912          (2,133)            296

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
  Beginning .........................................          1,826           3,959           3,663
                                                        --------------------------------------------
  Ending ............................................   $      6,738    $      1,826    $      3,959
                                                        ============================================
</TABLE>

                                       48
<PAGE>


Note 14.  Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
<TABLE>
                                                                              2001
                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
                                                        March 31       June 30    September 30  December 31
                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Total interest income .............................   $10,689,478   $10,594,284   $10,206,893   $ 9,982,901
Total interest expense ............................     5,526,539     5,139,785     4,496,532     3,719,777
Net interest income ...............................     5,162,939     5,454,499     5,710,361     6,263,124
Provision for loan losses .........................        77,678       196,230       283,229       340,403
Net income ........................................     2,580,058     2,717,398     2,682,320     2,567,562
Earnings per common share .........................          0.83          0.87          0.86          0.82

                                                                                2000

                                                      -----------------------------------------------------

Total interest income .............................   $10,528,450   $11,073,835   $11,277,978   $11,137,289
Total interest expense ............................     5,587,758     6,089,989     6,423,712     6,159,195
Net interest income ...............................     4,940,692     4,983,846     4,854,266     4,978,094
Provision for loan losses .........................       105,943       156,230        84,174       113,702
Net income ........................................     2,009,439     2,388,061     2,430,373     2,290,989
Earnings per common share .........................          0.64          0.77          0.78          0.73
</TABLE>

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

On  November  8,  2000,  the Board of  Directors  of the  Company  approved  the
dismissal of KPMG LLP ("KPMG") as the  Company's  independent  accountants.  The
dismissal was recommended by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.  The
dismissal was effective  upon the issuance of KPMG's report on the  consolidated
financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2000.

The  audit  reports  of KPMG on the  consolidated  financial  statements  of the
Company for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 do not contain an adverse
opinion or  disclaimer  of opinion,  nor were they  qualified  or modified as to
uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.

During the audits of the years ended  December 31, 2000 and 1999,  there were no
disagreements  with KPMG on any matter of  accounting  principles  or practices,
financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure,  which agreement,
if not resolved to KPMG's satisfaction, would have caused KPMG to make reference
to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports.

The  Company  requested  that KPMG  furnish  it with a letter  addressed  to the
Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC")  stating whether or not KPMG agreed
with the above  statements.  A copy of KPMG's  letter to the SEC dated April 30,
2001 is filed as Exhibit 16 hereto.

The Board of Directors of the Company  approved  the  engagement  of McGladrey &
Pullen,  LLP as the Company's new independent  accountants  effective January 1,
2001.

                                       49
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Directors

Refer to the information under the caption "Information  Concerning Nominees for
Election  as  Directors"  and  "Information   Concerning  Directors  Other  Than
Nominees"  contained in the Company's  definitive  proxy  statement  prepared in
connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 24, 2002, as
filed with the SEC on March 25, 2002 (the "Proxy Statement"),  which information
is incorporated herein by this reference.

Executive Officers

The following table sets forth summary  information about the executive officers
of the Company and certain  executive  officers of the Banks.  Unless  otherwise
indicated,  each  executive  officer has served in his current  position for the
past five years.
<TABLE>
                                  Position with Company or Bank and Principal Occupation and
Name                     Age      Employment During the Past Five Years
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>      <C>
Kevin G. Deardorff       47       Vice President & Technology Director of the Company since 1998.
                                  Previously served as Vice President of First National.

Edward C. Jacobson       61       Vice President and Treasurer of Company and Senior Vice President of
                                  First National.

Daniel L. Krieger        65       President of Company since 1999.  Previously served as President of
                                  First National.  Also serves as a Director of the Company, Chairman
                                  of the Board and Trust Officer of First National and Chairman of the
                                  Board of Boone Bank.

David L. Morris          59       President of Randall-Story Bank

John P. Nelson           35       Secretary and Vice President of Company

Thomas H. Pohlman        51       President of First National since 1999.  Served as Executive Vice
                                  President of First National from 1998 to 1999.  Previously served as
                                  President of state-wide banking for Norwest Bank, Iowa.

Jeffrey K. Putzier       40       President of Boone Bank since 1999.  Previously served as Vice President
                                  of State Bank.

William D. Tufford       56       President of State Bank

Terrill L. Wycoff        58       Executive Vice President of First National since 2000.  Previously
                                  served as Senior Vice President of First National.
</TABLE>

The  executive  officers  of the  Company and the Banks are elected on an annual
basis by the board of directors of the Company and of the Banks,  as applicable.
An executive  officer may be removed by the board of  directors  whenever in its
judgment the best  interest of the Company or the Bank, as  applicable,  will be
served thereby.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Refer to the information  under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial  Ownership
Reporting  Compliance"  contained in the Proxy Statement,  which  information is
incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Refer to the information under the caption "Executive Compensation" contained in
the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Refer to the information under the caption "Security Ownership of Management and
Certain Beneficial  Owners" contained in the Proxy Statement,  which information
is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Refer to the  information  under the caption  "Loans to Directors  and Executive
Officers"  contained in the Proxy Statement,  which  information is incorporated
herein by this reference.

                                       50
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)      List of Financial Statements and Schedules.

         1.   Financial Statements

              Report of McGladrey & Pullen, LLP,  Independent Auditor
              Report of KPMG LLP,  Independent Auditor
              Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2001 and 2000
              Consolidated  Statements of Income for the Years ended
                December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
              Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for
                the Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended
                December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         2.   Financial Statement Schedules

         All  schedules  are  omitted  because  they are not  applicable  or not
         required,  or because  the  required  information  is  included  in the
         consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K.

         The  Company  did not file any  reports  on Form 8-K  during the fourth
         quarter of 2001.

(c)      Exhibits.

         3.1   Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated
               by reference to Form 10 filed on April 30, 2001).

         3.2   Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Quarterly
               Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2001).

          10   Management Incentive Compensation Plan.

          16   Letter from KPMG LLP to Securities and Exchange Commission.
               (incorporated by reference to Form 10 filed on April 30, 2001).

          21   Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to
               Form 10 filed on April 30, 2001).


                                       51
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION


March 28, 2002                         By:  /s/ Daniel L. Krieger
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Daniel L. Krieger,
                                            President


March 28, 2002                         By:  /s/ John P. Nelson
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            John P. Nelson
                                            Principal Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
this  report has been  signed  below by the  following  persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

March 28, 2002                         /s/ Charles D. Jons
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Charles D. Jons, Director

March 28, 2002                         /s/ Betty A. Baudler
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Betty A. Baudler, Director

March 28, 2002                         /s/ James Christy
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       James Christy, Director

March 28, 2002                         /s/ Jamie R. Larson II
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Jamie R. Larson II, Director

March 28, 2002                         /s/ Marvin J. Walter
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Marvin J. Walter, Director

March 28, 2002                         /s/ Dale F. Collings
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Dale F. Collings, Director

March 28, 2002                         /s/ Douglas C. Gustafson
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Douglas C. Gustafson, Director


                                       52

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
