<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>



                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

[X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]

         For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001

                                       OR

[ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

         For the transition period from         to

                        Commission file number: 0-16181

                      ABC BANCORP (A GEORGIA CORPORATION)
                I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 58-1456434
                  24 2nd AVENUE, S.E., MOULTRIE, GEORGIA 31768
                        TELEPHONE NUMBER: (229) 890-1111

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

                                      None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act

                      Common Stock, Par Value $1 Per Share

Check whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes X  No ___
            ---
Check if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K
is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

As of March 1, 2002, registrant had outstanding 9,888,679 shares of common
stock, $1 par value per share, which is registrant's only class of common stock.
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant was approximately $121,249,500 million.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The information required by Part III of this Annual Report is incorporated by
reference from the Registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120
days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report.

<PAGE>


                                     PART I

ITEM 1.     BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY AND THE SUBSIDIARY BANKS

         ABC Bancorp ("ABC") was organized as a bank holding company under the
Federal Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended in 1981 (the "BHCA"), and
the bank holding company laws of Georgia.

         ABC provides, through its commercial bank subsidiaries described
below (sometimes hereinafter referred to as "Banks"), banking services to
individuals and businesses in Southern Georgia, Southeastern Alabama and
Northern Florida. ABC's executive office is located at 24 2nd Avenue, S.E.,
Moultrie, Georgia 31768, and its telephone number is (229) 890-1111. As a
registered bank holding company, ABC is subject to the applicable provisions of
the Federal Bank Holding Company Act and the Georgia Bank Holding Company Act,
as well as to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the State of Georgia
Department of Banking and Finance.

         Our primary business as a bank holding company is to manage the
business and affairs of our Banks. The Banks provide a broad range of retail and
commercial banking services to its customers, including checking, savings, NOW
and money market accounts and time deposits of various types; loans for
business, agriculture, real estate, personal uses, home improvement and
automobiles, credit cards; letters of credit; trust services through Reliance
Trust Company; brokerage services through either PFIC Securities Corporation or
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.; fixed rate annuities through PFIC
Corporation; IRA's; safe deposit box rentals; bank money orders; and electronic
funds transfer services, including wire transfers and automated teller machines.
We maintain a diversified loan portfolio and make no foreign or energy-related
loans.

         While we have decentralized certain of our management
responsibilities, we maintain efficient centralized operating systems. As a
result, corporate policy, strategy and certain administrative policies are
established by our board of directors, while lending and community-specific
marketing decisions are made primarily by each bank to allow it to respond to
differing needs and demands of its own market. Data processing functions are
centralized in the ABC's data processing division located in Moultrie, Georgia.
Within this framework, the Banks focus on providing personalized services and
quality products to their customers to meet the needs of the communities they
serve. Our objective is to establish ABC as a major financial institution in
Southern Georgia, Southeastern Alabama and Northern Florida. Management has
pursued this objective through an acquisition-oriented growth strategy and a
prudent operating strategy.

         As a bank holding company, we perform central data processing
functions, purchasing functions and other common functions and provides certain
management services for our Banks. Normal banking services are conducted by the
Banks.

                                       1

<PAGE>

OUR SUBSIDIARIES

         Following is a list of our Banks, the market areas served by the Banks
and the estimated relative size of the Banks as compared with their major
competitors.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Estimated Relative Size
          Subsidiary Bank                      Principal Market Area                      Among Competitors
------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------- --------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>                                         <C>
American Banking Company             Moultrie and Colquitt County, Georgia       Second largest of seven banks in
                                                                                 Colquitt County, Georgia

Heritage Community Bank              Quitman and Brooks County, Georgia and      Second largest of four banks in
                                     Valdosta and Lowndes County, Georgia        Brooks County, Georgia

Bank of Thomas County                Coolidge, Thomasville and Thomas County,    Fifth largest of seven banks in
                                     Georgia                                     Thomas County, Georgia

Citizens Security Bank               Tifton and Tift County, Ocilla and Irwin    Third largest of seven banks in
                                     County, Douglas and Coffee County, Georgia  Tift County, Georgia

Cairo Banking Company                Cairo and Grady County, Meigs and Thomas    Second largest of six banks in
                                     County, Georgia                             Grady County, Georgia

Southland Bank                       Dothan, Abbeville, Clayton, Eufaula and     Fifth largest of eleven banks in
                                     Headland, Alabama                           Houston County, Alabama

Central Bank & Trust Company         Cordele and Crisp County, Georgia           Third largest of six banks in
                                                                                 Crisp County, Georgia

First National Bank of South         Albany and Dougherty County, Georgia and    Fifth largest of nine banks in
Georgia                              Lee County, Georgia                         Dougherty County, Georgia

Merchants & Farmers Bank             Donalsonville and Seminole County, Georgia  Second largest of three banks in
                                     and Colquitt and Miller County, Georgia     Seminole County, Georgia

Tri-County Bank                      Trenton and Gilchrist County, Florida and   Largest of three banks in Gilchrist
                                     Newberry and Alachua County, Florida        County, Florida

The First Bank of Brunswick          Brunswick, St. Simons Island, Jekyll        Fourth largest of eight banks in
                                     Island and Glynn County, Georgia            Glynn County, Georgia

</TABLE>

         All of the Banks offer traditional loan and deposit services discussed
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only American Banking Company
provides trust services directly to its customers and to the customers of the
other subsidiary banks. All of the Banks maintain correspondent relationships
with other commercial banks and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. As
compensation for services provided by the correspondent banks, the Banks
maintain certain balances in noninterest-bearing accounts with those banks. The
principal correspondent bank for all of the Banks is SunTrust Bank in Atlanta,
Georgia.

         On August 30, 2001, ABC formed ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I, a Delaware
statutory trust and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ABC (the "Trust"), for the
purpose of (i) issuing and selling its common securities to ABC and its trust
preferred securities to the public, and (ii) using the proceeds from the sale of
the trust preferred securities to purchase 9.00% Subordinated Debentures (the
"Subordinated Debentures") from ABC. In the quarter ended December 31, 2001, the
Trust sold its securities and used the proceeds to purchase the Subordinated
Debentures, which are the sole asset of the Trust. ABC pays interest on the
Subordinated Debentures to the Trust at the end of each quarter at an annual
rate of 9.00%, which is equal to the dividend rate payable by the Trust to the
holders of its preferred securities. The cost of the issuance of the Trust's
preferred securities is treated as a deferred asset and will be amortized over
the life of the securities. Following the offer and sale of the Trust's
securities, ABC owned and currently holds all of the outstanding common
securities of the Trust, its only voting securities, and as a result the Trust
is a subsidiary of the Company. See the Notes to ABC's Consolidated Financial
Statements included in this annual report for a further discussion regarding the
issuance of Trust's preferred securities.

                                       2

<PAGE>

Our Market Areas and Competition

         Our market area is located in Southern Georgia, Southeastern Alabama
and Northern Florida. The Banks' main offices and larger branches are located in
the southern Georgia cities of Albany, Brunswick, Cairo, Colquitt, Cordele,
Donalsonville, Douglas, Jekyll Island, Moultrie, Ocilla, Quitman, St. Simons
Island, Thomasville, Tifton and Valdosta, the southern Alabama cities of
Abbeville, Clayton, Dothan, Eufaula and Headland and the northern Florida cities
of Trenton and Newberry. The Banks have a total of 35 offices located in either
the cities or counties in which the main offices are located or in nearby
cities.

         We have subsidiary banks in several high-growth market areas that
offer favorable growth and profitability potential, including banks in the
cities of Valdosta, Tifton and Cordele, which are located along the I-75
corridor of Georgia, a major north-south transportation artery. We also have
banks in Albany, Georgia and Dothan, Alabama, both of which are developing
commercial and industrial "hubs" where residents of the numerous smaller,
surrounding cities find jobs, entertainment, consumer products and services and
medical services.

         In April 2001, we completed the acquisition of a bank in northern
Florida, and in June 2001, we acquired a branch of a competing bank in the same
market area. We have combined these acquisitions into one bank with assets of
approximately $71 million. One branch of this bank gives us a presence in the
outskirts of the high-growth area surrounding Gainesville, Florida.

         The recent acquisition of The First Bank of Brunswick gives us
additional growth and profitability potential. The First Bank of Brunswick had
total assets of approximately $150 million at December 31, 2001. The First Bank
of Brunswick has its main office and one branch in the Georgia community of
Brunswick, Georgia and two additional branches on St. Simons Island, Georiga,
and Jekyll Island, Georgia. Brunswick is located directly on vital Atlantic
Ocean shipping waterways and the I-95 corridor of Georgia. It is also in close
proximity to some of the most popular beachfront property on the east coast of
the United States (including Sea Island, St. Simons Island and Jekyll Island).
All of these factors give us significant opportunities in commercial,
residential, vacation resort and retirement resort growth and development
potential.

         The banking industry in Georgia, Alabama and Florida is highly
competitive. In recent years, intense market demands, economic pressures,
fluctuating interest rates and increased customer awareness of product and
service differences among financial institutions have forced banks to diversify
their services and become more cost effective. Each of the Banks faces strong
competition in attracting deposits and making loans. Their most direct
competition for deposits comes from other commercial banks, thrift institutions,
credit unions and issuers of securities such as brokerage firms. Interest rates,
convenience of office locations and marketing are all significant factors in the
Banks' competition for deposits.

         Competition for loans comes from other commercial banks, thrift
institutions, savings banks, insurance companies, consumer finance companies,
credit unions and other institutional lenders. Our Banks compete for loan
originations through the interest rates and loan fees they charge and the
efficiency and quality of services they provide. Competition is affected by the
general availability of lendable funds, general and local economic conditions,
current interest rate levels and other factors that are not readily predictable.

         Management expects that competition will become more intense in the
future due to changes in state and federal laws and regulations and the entry of
additional bank and nonbank competitors. See "Supervision and Regulation".

LENDING POLICY

         We have sought to maintain a comprehensive lending policy that meets
the credit needs of each of the communities served by the Banks, including low-
and moderate-income customers, and to employ lending procedures and policies
consistent with this approach. All loans are subject to our written loan policy,
which is updated annually and which provides that lending officers have sole
authority to approve loans of various maximum amounts depending upon their
seniority and experience. Each bank's president has sole discretion to approve
loans in varying principal amounts up to specified limits for each president.
Each bank's board of directors reviews and approves loans that exceed
management's lending authority and, in certain instances, other types of loans.
New credit extensions are reviewed daily by each bank's senior management and at
least monthly by its board of directors.

                                       3

<PAGE>

         The lending officers at each bank have authority to make loans only
in the county in which the Bank is located and its contiguous counties. Our
lending policy requires analysis of the borrower's projected cash flow and
ability to service the debt. For agricultural loans, which constitute a
significant portion of our consolidated loan portfolio, the lending officer
visits the borrower regularly during the growing season and re-evaluates the
loan in light of the borrower's updated cash flow projections. Each subsidiary
bank is assigned an approval limit by the holding company, which serves as the
maximum limit of new extensions of credit each Bank can approve. That approval
limit is reviewed annually by the Holding Company and adjusted as needed. All
extensions of credit in excess of the Banks' internal approval limits are
reviewed by ABC's Senior Credit Officer. Further approval by a Holding Company
loan committee may also be needed.Under our ongoing loan review program, all
loans are subject to sampling and objective review by an assigned loan reviewer
who is independent of the originating loan officer.

We actively market our services to qualified lending customers in
both the commercial and consumer sectors. Our commercial lending officers
actively solicit the business of new companies entering the market as well as
longstanding members of that market's business community. Through personalized
professional service and competitive pricing, we have been successful in
attracting new commercial lending customers. At the same time, we actively
advertise our consumer loan products and continually seek to make our lending
officers more accessible.

         Each bank continually monitors its loan portfolio to identify areas
of concern and to enable management to take corrective action when necessary.
Each bank's lending officers and board of directors meet periodically to review
all past due loans, the status of large loans and certain other matters.
Individual lending officers are responsible for reviewing collection of past due
amounts and monitoring any changes in the financial status of the borrowers.

LENDING ACTIVITIES

         General. We provide a broad range of commercial and retail lending
services to corporations, partnerships and individuals, including agricultural,
commercial business loans, commercial and residential real estate construction
and mortgage loans, loan participations, consumer loans, revolving lines of
credit and letters of credit. The loan department of each bank makes direct and
indirect loans to consumers and originates and services residential mortgages.

         Real Estate Loans. Our real estate loans are for a term of years,
although rarely more than ten, over which period the principal thereof is
amortized, and are generally secured by residential real estate, farmland or
commercial real estate. Real estate related loans represent a significant
portion of the loan portfolio.

         Agricultural Loans. Our agricultural loans are made for crop
production expenses or to finance the purchase of farm-related equipment.
Agricultural loans typically involve seasonal fluctuations in amounts. Although
we typically look to an agricultural borrower's cash flow as the principal
source of repayment, agricultural loans are also generally secured by a security
interest in the crops or the farm-related equipment and, in some cases, an
assignment of crop insurance or a mortgage on real estate. In addition, a
portion of our agricultural loans are guaranteed by the FmHA Guaranteed Loan
Program.

         Commercial and Industrial Loans. General commercial and industrial
loans consist of loans made primarily to manufacturers, wholesalers and
retailers of goods, service companies and other industries. Management believes
that a significant portion of these loans are, to varying degrees,
agricultural-related. The Banks have also generated loans which are guaranteed
by the U. S. Small Business Administration. Management believes that making such
loans helps the local community and also provides ABC with a source of income
and solid future lending relationships as such businesses grow and prosper. The
primary repayment risk for commercial loans is the failure of the business due
to economic or financial factors. Although we typically look to a commercial
borrower's cash flow as the principal source of repayment for such loans, many
commercial loans are secured by inventory, equipment, accounts receivable and
other assets.

         Consumer Lending. Our consumer loans include motor vehicle, home
improvement, home equity, student and signature loans and small personal credit
lines. Many of our Banks also offer credit cards to their customers.

         Compliance with Community Reinvestment Act. Each of our Banks has a
Community Reinvestment Act Officer who develops and oversees that Bank's
Community Reinvestment Act program and makes monthly reports to that Bank's
board of directors. The Banks regularly sponsor or participate in community
programs designed to ascertain and meet the credit needs of each of the
communities they serve, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. Some of
these activities include sponsoring minority festivals during Black History
Month, participating in community meetings to explain the availability of Small
Business Administration, Farmers' Home Loan Administration and Regional
Development Center loans, and sponsoring educational seminars for area farmers.
In addition, each of our Banks participate in the Georgia Residential Finance
Authority program which makes low interest rate loans to rehabilitate low income
rental housing.

                                       4

<PAGE>

TRUST SERVICES

         We provide personal trust and employee benefit services to our
customers through a contractual arrangement with Reliance Trust Company.

DEPOSITS

         Checking, savings and money market accounts and other time accounts
are the primary sources of the Banks' funds for loans and investments. Our Banks
obtain most of their deposits from individuals and from businesses in their
respective market areas.

         Our Banks have not had to attract new or retain old deposits by
paying depositors rates of interest on certificates of deposit, money market and
other interest-bearing accounts significantly above rates paid by other banks in
our Banks' respective market areas. In the future, increasing competition among
banks in our Banks' market areas may cause our Banks' interest margins to
shrink. The Banks have never accepted deposits for which a broker's commission
was paid.

INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES

         Our investment policy is designed to maximize income from funds not
needed to meet loan demand in a manner consistent with appropriate liquidity and
risk objectives. Under this policy, our Banks may invest in federal, state and
municipal obligations, public housing authority bonds, industrial development
revenue bonds and Government National Mortgage Association ("GNMA") securities.
Our Banks' investments must satisfy certain investment quality criteria. Our
Bank's investments must be rated at least "BAA" by either Moody's or Standard
and Poor's. Securities rated below "A" are periodically reviewed for
creditworthiness. Our Banks may purchase non-rated municipal bonds only if the
issuer of such bonds is located in a Bank's general market area and such bonds
are determined by the purchasing Bank to have a credit risk no greater than the
minimum ratings referred to above. Industrial development authority bonds, which
normally are not rated, are purchased only if the issuer is located in the
purchasing Bank's market area and if the bonds are considered to possess a high
degree of credit soundness. Our Banks typically have not purchased a significant
amount of GNMA securities, which normally have higher yields than our Banks'
other investments.

         While our investment policy permits the Banks to trade securities to
improve the quality of yields or marketability or to realign the composition of
the portfolio, the Banks historically have not done so to any significant
extent.

         Our investment committee implements the investment policy and
portfolio strategies, monitors the portfolio and reports to each Bank's board
and ALCO committees. Reports on all purchases, sales, net profits or losses and
market appreciation or depreciation of the bond portfolio are reviewed by our
board of directors each month. Once a year, the written investment policy is
reviewed by our board of directors.

         The Banks' securities are kept in safekeeping accounts at
correspondent banks.

ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT

         Our objective is to manage our assets and liabilities to provide a
satisfactory, consistent level of profitability within the framework of
established cash, loan, investment, borrowing and capital policies. The overall
philosophy of our management to support asset growth primarily through growth of
core deposits, which include deposits of all categories made by individuals,
partnerships, corporations and other entities. See "Management's Discussion and
                                               ---
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

                                       5

<PAGE>

PROPERTIES

         The table below sets forth the location, size and other information
with respect to ABC's real properties. Except for the leased Jekyll Island
property and two locations in Dothan, Alabama, all properties are owned by ABC
or the Banks and are unencumbered.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                              Square
                           Offices                                               Used By                     Footage
--------------------------------------------------------------         ----------------------------      -----------------
<S>                                                                    <C>                                         <C>
310 First Street, S.E., Moultrie, GA                                   ABC                                          7,000
317 S. Main Street, Moultrie, GA                                       ABC                                          2,200
308-314 First Street, S.E., Moultrie, GA                               ABC                                          4,000
24 Second Avenue, S. E., Moultrie, GA                                  ABC                                         15,500
731 West Second Street, Tifton, GA                                     ABC                                          5,580
305 South Main Street, Moultrie, GA                                    ABC and American Bank                        7,048
225 South Main Street, Moultrie, GA                                    American Bank                                9,000
1707 First Avenue, S.E., Moultrie, GA                                  American Bank                                5,500
137 Broad Street, Doerun, GA                                           American Bank                                3,860
2513 South Main Street, Moultrie, GA                                   American Bank                                3,973
322 First Street, S.E., Moultrie, GA                                   American Bank                                  300
1000 West Screven Street, Quitman, GA                                  Heritage Bank                               11,530
Highway 133 West, Valdosta, GA                                         Heritage Bank                                1,100
3140 Inner Perimeter Road, Valdosta, GA                                Heritage Bank                                3,462
2484 East Pinetree Boulevard, Thomasville, GA                          Thomas Bank                                  4,800
529 Pine Street, Coolidge, GA                                          Thomas Bank                                  4,000
111 E. Eighth Street, Tifton, GA                                       Citizens Security Bank                      11,700
804 W. Second Street, Tifton, GA                                       Citizens Security Bank                       2,000
301 South Irwin Avenue, Ocilla, GA                                     Citizens Security Bank                      10,000
100 South Pearle Avenue, Douglas, GA                                   Citizens Security Bank                       3,100
201 South Broad Street, Cairo, GA                                      Cairo Bank                                  10,000
Hwy. 84 Drive-in, Cairo, GA                                            Cairo Bank                                   1,000
12 East Depot Street, Meigs, GA                                        Cairo Bank                                   2,700
3299 Ross Clark Circle, Dothan, AL                                     Southland Bank                              21,918
1817 S. Oates St., Dothan, AL                                          Southland Bank                               2,500
1970 Reeves Street, Dothan, AL                                         Southland Bank                               2,500
204 Kirkland St., Abbeville, AL                                        Southland Bank                               5,300
211 Eufaula St., Clayton, AL                                           Southland Bank                               4,500
1140 S. Eufaula Ave., Eufaula, AL                                      Southland Bank                               2,650
208 Main St., Headland, AL                                             Southland Bank                               2,037
502 Second Street South, Cordele, GA                                   Central Bank                                 5,800
1302 Sixteenth Avenue East, Cordele, GA                                Central Bank                                   300
509 16th Avenue, Cordele, GA                                           Central Bank                                 1,300
2627 Dawson Road, Albany, GA                                           First National Bank                          8,750
1607 U. S. Highway 19 South, Leesburg, GA                              First National Bank                          7,000
109 W. Third St., Donalsonville, GA                                    M & F Bank                                   8,800
Hwy 374 and 253, Donalsonville, GA                                     M & F Bank                                     840
162 East Crawford Street, Colquitt, GA                                 M & F Bank                                   4,672
302 North Main Street, Trenton, FL                                     Tri-County Bank                              2,700
25365 West Newberry Road, Newberry, FL                                 Tri-County Bank                              3,933
3340 Cypress Mill Road, Brunswick, GA                                  First Bank of Brunswick                      8,500
5340 New Jesup Highway, Brunswick, GA                                  First Bank of Brunswick                      4,100
3811 Frederick Road, St. Simons Island, GA                             First Bank of Brunswick                      7,500
18-B Beachview Drive, Jekyll Island, GA                                First Bank of Brunswick                      2,305
</TABLE>

                                       6

<PAGE>

EMPLOYEES

         At December 31, 2001, ABC and our Banks employed approximately 515
employees. We consider our relationship with our employees to be excellent.

         We have adopted two retirement plans for our employees, the ABC
Bancorp 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and the ABC Bancorp Money Purchase Pension
Plan. These plans provide both deferral of compensation by our employees and
matching contributions by ABC. ABC and our Banks made contributions for all
eligible employees in 2001. We also maintain a comprehensive employee benefits
program providing, among other benefits, hospitalization and major medical
insurance and life insurance. Management considers these benefits to be
competitive with those offered by other financial institutions in our market
areas. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group.

                           SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

GENERAL

         As a bank holding company, we are subject to the regulation,
supervision and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve Board, the Georgia
Department of Banking and Finance, the Alabama State Banking Department and the
Florida Department of Banking and Finance. Our Banks are Georgia, Alabama,
Florida and federally chartered banks. The FDIC to the full extent permitted by
law insures each of our Banks. As a result, our Banks are subject to the
supervision, examination and reporting requirements of the Georgia Department of
Banking and Finance, the Alabama State Banking Department, the Florida
Department of Banking and Finance, the FDIC and the OCC.

         The Bank Holding Company Act requires every bank holding company to
obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before:

           .     it may acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any
                 voting shares of any bank if, after the acquisition, the bank
                 holding company will directly or indirectly own or control
                 more than 5% of the voting shares of the bank;

           .     it or any of its subsidiaries, other than a bank, may acquire
                 all or substantially all of the assets of any bank; or

           .     it may merge or consolidate with any other bank holding
                 company.
         The Bank Holding Company Act further provides that the Federal Reserve
may not approve any transaction that would result in a monopoly or that would
substantially lessen competition in the banking business, unless the public
interest in meeting the needs of the communities to be served outweighs the
anti-competitive effects. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider the
financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding
companies and banks involved and the convenience and needs of the communities
to be served. Consideration of financial resources generally focuses on capital
adequacy, and consideration of convenience and needs issues focuses, in part,
on the performance under The Community Reinvestment Act of 1997, both of which
are discussed in more detail.

         The Bank Holding Company Act generally prohibits a bank holding
company from engaging in activities other than:

           .     banking;

           .     managing or controlling banks or other permissible
                 subsidiaries; and

           .     acquiring or retaining direct or indirect control of any
                 company engaged in any activities other than activities
                 closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks.

                                       7

<PAGE>

GENERAL (CONTINUED)

         The activities in which holding companies and their affiliates are
permitted to engage were substantially expanded by The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act,
which was signed on November 12, 1999. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act repeals the
anti-affiliation provisions of The Glass-Steagall Act to permit the common
ownership of commercial banks, investment banks and insurance companies. The
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act also amends The Bank Holding Company Act to permit a
financial holding company to, among other things, engage in any activity that
the Federal Reserve determines to be (i) financial in nature or incidental to
such financial activity or (ii) complementary to a financial activity and not a
substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the
financial system generally. The Federal Reserve must consult with the Secretary
of the Treasury in determining whether an activity is financial in nature or
incidental to a financial activity. Holding companies may continue to own
companies conducting activities which had been approved by federal order or
regulation on the day before The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act was enacted. Effective
August 24, 2000, pursuant to a previously-filed election with the Federal
Reserve, ABC became a financial holding company.

         In determining whether a particular activity is permissible, the
Federal Reserve considers whether performing the activity can be expected to
produce benefits to the public that outweigh possible adverse effects, such as
undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of
interest or unsound banking practices. The Federal Reserve has the power to
order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or
control of any subsidiary when the continuation of the activity or control
constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of
any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company.

         Our Banks are also subject to numerous state and federal statues and
regulations that affect their business, activities and operations, and each is
supervised and examined by one or more state or federal bank regulatory
agencies. The FDIC, the OCC, the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance, the
Alabama State Banking Department and the Florida Department of Banking and
Finance regularly examine the operations of our Banks and are given the
authority to approve or disapprove mergers, consolidations, the establishment of
branches and similar corporate actions. The FDIC, the OCC, the Georgia
Department of Banking and Finance, the Alabama State Banking Department and the
Florida Department of Banking and Finance also have the power to prevent the
continuance or development of unsafe or unsound banking practices or other
violations of law.

PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS

         ABC is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries.
There are various legal and regulatory limitations under federal and state law
on the extent to which our subsidiaries can pay dividends or otherwise supply
funds to ABC.

         The principal source of ABC's cash revenues is dividends from its
subsidiaries, and there are certain limitations under federal and state laws on
the payment of dividends by our subsidiaries. The prior approval of applicable
regulatory authorities, as the case may be, is required if the total dividends
declared by any subsidiary Bank in any calendar year exceeds the Bank's net
profits (as defined) for that year combined with its retained net profits for
the preceding two calendar years, less any required transfers to surplus or a
fund for the retirement of any preferred stock or 50% of the Bank's net profits
for the previous year in the case of Georgia banks. The relevant federal and
state regulatory agencies also have authority to prohibit a state member bank or
bank holding company, which would include ABC and its Banks, from engaging in
what, in the opinion of such regulatory body, constitutes an unsafe or unsound
practice in conducting its business. The payment of dividends could, depending
upon the financial condition of the subsidiary, be deemed to constitute such an
unsafe or unsound practice.

         Under Georgia law (which would apply to any payment of dividends by
the Georgia Banks to ABC), the prior approval of the Georgia Department of
Banking and Finance is required before any cash dividends may be paid by a state
bank if: (i) total classified assets at the most recent examination of such bank
exceed 80% of the equity capital (as defined, which includes the reserve for
loan losses) of such bank; (ii) the aggregate amount of dividends declared or
anticipated to be declared in the calendar year exceeds 50% of the net profits
(as defined) for the previous calendar year; or (iii) the ratio of equity
capital to adjusted total assets is less than 6%.

         Retained earnings of our Banks available for payment of cash
dividends under all applicable regulations without obtaining governmental
approval were approximately $8.5 million as of December 31, 2001.

                                       8

<PAGE>

PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS (CONTINUED)

         In addition, our Banks are subject to limitations under Section 23A
of the Federal Reserve Act with respect to extensions of credit to, investments
in, and certain other transactions with, ABC. Furthermore, loans and extensions
of credit are also subject to various collateral requirements.

         The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement on the payment of
cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the Federal Reserve's
view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent
that the holding company's net income for the past year is sufficient to cover
both the cash dividends and a rate of earning retention that is consistent with
the holding company's capital needs, asset quality and overall financial
condition. The Federal Reserve also indicated that it would be inappropriate for
a holding company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay
dividends. Furthermore, under the prompt corrective action regulations adopted
by the Federal Reserve, the Federal Reserve may prohibit a bank holding company
from paying any dividends if one or more of the holding company's bank
subsidiaries are classified as undercapitalized.

         Bank holding companies are required to give the Federal Reserve prior
written notice of any purchase or redemption of its outstanding equity
securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when
combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions
during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10% or more of their consolidated
net worth. The Federal Reserve may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if
it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice
or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve order, or any condition
imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve. This notification
requirement does not apply to any company that meets the well-capitalized
standard for commercial banks, has a safety and soundness examination rating of
at least a "2" and is not subject to any unresolved supervisory issues. As of
December 31, 2001, ABC meets these requirements.

CAPITAL ADEQUACY

         ABC must comply with the Federal Reserve's established capital
adequacy standards, and our Banks are required to comply with the capital
adequacy standards established by the FDIC and the OCC. The Federal Reserve has
promulgated two basic measures of capital adequacy for bank holding companies: a
risk-based measure and a leverage measure. A bank holding company must satisfy
all applicable capital standards to be considered in compliance.

         The risk-based capital standards are designed to:

           .     make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to
                 differences in risk profile among banks and bank holding
                 companies;

           .     account for off-balance-sheet exposure; and

           .     minimize disincentives for holding liquid assets.

         Assets and off-balance-sheet items are assigned to broad risk
categories, each with appropriate weights. The resulting capital ratios
represent capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets and
off-balance-sheet items.

         The minimum guideline for the ratio of total capital to risk-weighted
assets is 8%. At least half of total capital must be comprised of Tier 1
Capital, which is common stock, undivided profits, minority interests in the
equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries and noncumulative perpetual
preferred stock, less goodwill and certain other intangible assets. The
remainder may consist of Tier 2 Capital, which is subordinated debt, other
preferred stock and a limited amount of loan loss reserves. During 2001, we
increased our consolidated ratios by issuing trust preferred securities in the
amount of $34,500,000 of which $25,933,000 (25% of total Tier 1 Capital) was
included in Tier 1 Capital and the balance included in Tier 2 Capital. At
December 31, 2001, ABC's total risk-based capital ratio and its Tier 1
risk-based capital ratio were 15.02% and 12.70%, respectively.

                                       9

<PAGE>

CAPITAL ADEQUACY (CONTINUED)

         In addition, the Federal Reserve has established minimum leverage
ratio guidelines for bank holding companies. These guidelines provide for a
minimum ratio of Tier 1 Capital to average assets, less goodwill and certain
other intangible assets, of 3% for bank holding companies that meet specified
criteria. All other bank holding companies generally are required to maintain a
minimum leverage ratio of 4%. ABC's ratio at December 31, 2001 was 9.26%. The
guidelines also provide that bank holding companies experiencing internal growth
or making acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital positions
substantially above the minimum supervisory levels without significant reliance
on intangible assets. Furthermore, the Federal Reserve has indicated that it
will consider a "tangible Tier 1 Capital leverage ratio" and other indicia of
capital strength in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activities. The
Federal Reserve has not advised ABC of any specific minimum leverage ratio or
tangible Tier 1 Capital leverage ratio applicable to it.

         Our Banks are subject to risk-based and leverage capital requirements
adopted by the FDIC and the OCC that are substantially similar to those adopted
by the Federal Reserve for bank holding companies. All of our Banks were in
compliance with applicable minimum capital requirements as of December 31, 2001.

         Neither ABC nor any of our Banks has been advised by any federal
banking agency of any specific minimum capital ratio requirement applicable to
it.

         Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject a bank to a variety
of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the
termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on taking brokered
deposits, and certain other restrictions on its business. As described below,
the FDIC can impose substantial additional restrictions upon FDIC-insured
depository institutions that fail to meet applicable capital requirements.

PROMPT CORRECTIVE ACTION

         The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (or "FDI Act"), among other things,
requires the federal regulatory agencies to take "prompt corrective action" if a
depository institution does not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDI Act
establishes five capital tiers: "well capitalized", "adequately capitalized",
"undercapitalized", "significantly undercapitalized" and "critically
undercapitalized". A depository institution's capital tier will depend upon how
its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain
other factors, as established by regulation.

         The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted regulations
establishing relevant capital measurers and relevant capital levels applicable
to FDIC-insured banks. The relevant capital measures are the Total Capital
ratio, Tier 1 Capital ratio and the leverage ratio. Under the regulations, a
FDIC-insured bank will be:

           .     "well capitalized" if it has a Total Capital ratio of 10% or
                 greater, a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6% or greater and a
                 leverage ratio of 5% or greater and is not subject to any
                 order or written directive by the appropriate regulatory
                 authority to meet and maintain a specific capital level for
                 any capital measure;

           .     "adequately capitalized" if it has a Total Capital ratio of 8%
                 or greater, a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 4% or greater and a
                 leverage ratio of 4% or greater (3% in certain circumstances)
                 and is not "well capitalized";

           .     "undercapitalized" if it has a Total Capital ratio of less
                 than 8%, a Tier 1 Capital ratio of less than 4% or a leverage
                 ratio of less than 4% (3% in certain circumstances);

           .     "significantly undercapitalized" if it has a Total Capital
                 ratio of less than 6%, a Tier 1 Capital ratio of less than 3%
                 or a leverage ratio of less than 3%; and

           .     "critically undercapitalized"  if its tangible equity is equal
                 to or less than 2% of average quarterly tangible assets.

         An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital
category that is lower than is indicated by its capital ratios if it is
determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an
unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. As of
December 31, 2001, all of ABC's Banks had capital levels that qualify as "well
capitalized" under such regulations.

                                      10

<PAGE>

PROMPT CORRECTIVE ACTION (CONTINUED)

         The FDI Act generally prohibits an FDIC-insured bank from making a
capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management
fee to its holding company if the bank would thereafter be "undercapitalized".
"Undercapitalized" banks are subject to growth limitations and are required to
submit a capital restoration plan. The federal regulators may not accept a
capital plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on
realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the bank's capital.
In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the bank's parent
holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with such
capital restoration plan. The aggregate liability of the parent holding company
is limited to the lesser of: (i) an amount equal to 5% of the bank's total
assets at the time it became "undercapitalized"; and (ii) the amount which is
necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into
compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such
institution as of the time it fails to comply with the plan. If a bank fails to
submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is "significantly
undercapitalized".

         "Significantly undercapitalized" insured banks may be subject to a
number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient
voting stock to become "adequately capitalized", requirements to reduce total
assets and the cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks.
"Critically undercapitalized" institutions are subject to the appointment of a
receiver or conservator. A bank that is not "well capitalized" is also subject
to certain limitations relating to so-called "brokered" deposits.

COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT

         The Community Reinvestment Act requires federal bank regulatory
agencies to encourage financial institutions to meet the credit needs of low-
and moderate-income borrowers in their local communities. An institution's size
and business strategy determines the type of examination that it will receive.
Large, retail-oriented institutions are examined using a performance-based
lending, investment and service test. Small institutions are examined using a
streamlined approach. All institutions may opt to be evaluated under a strategic
plan formulated with community input and pre-approved by the bank regulatory
agency.

         The Community Reinvestment Act regulations provide for certain
disclosure obligations. Each institution must post a notice advising the public
of its right to comment to the institution and its regulator on the
institution's Community Reinvestment Act performance and to review the
institution's Community Reinvestment Act public file. Each lending institution
must maintain for public inspection a file that includes a listing of branch
locations and services, a summary of lending activity, a map of its communities
and any written comments from the public on its performance in meeting community
credit needs. The Community Reinvestment Act requires public disclosure of a
financial institution's written Community Reinvestment Act evaluations. This
promotes enforcement of Community Reinvestment Act requirements by providing the
public with the status of a particular institution's community reinvestment
record.

         The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act make various changes to The Community
Reinvestment Act. Among other changes, Community Reinvestment Act agreements
with private parties must be disclosed and annual Community Reinvestment Act
reports must be made to a bank's primary federal regulator. A bank holding
company will not be permitted to become a financial holding company and no new
activities authorized under The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act may be commenced by a
holding company or by a bank financial subsidiary if any of its bank
subsidiaries received less than a "satisfactory" Community Reinvestment Act
rating in its latest Community Reinvestment Act examination.

PRIVACY

         Financial institutions are required to disclose their policies for
collecting and protecting confidential information. Customers generally may
prevent financial institutions from sharing personal financial information with
nonaffiliated third parties except for third parties which market the
institutions' own products and services. Additionally, financial institutions
generally may not disclose consumer account numbers to any nonaffiliated third
party for use in telemarketing, direct mail marketing or other marketing through
electronic mail to consumers.

         The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act also includes provisions to protect
consumer privacy by prohibiting banks from disclosing non-public, personal,
financial information to unaffiliated parties without the consent of the
customer, and by requiring annual disclosure of the Banks' privacy policies.
Each Bank's primary regulator is responsible for promulgating rules to implement
these provisions.

                                      11

<PAGE>

LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY CHANGES

         The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act allows bank holding companies that are
"well managed" and "well capitalized" and whose depositor subsidiaries have
"satisfactory" or better Community Reinvestment Act ratings to become financial
holding companies that may engage in a substantially broader range of nonbanking
activities than are currently permissible, including insurance underwriting and
securities activities. Effective August 24, 2000, ABC became a financial holding
company.

FISCAL AND MONETARY POLICY

         Banking is a business which depends on interest rate differentials.
In general, the difference between the interest paid by a bank on its deposits
and its other borrowings, an the interest received by an bank on its loans and
securities holdings, constitutes the major portion of a bank's earnings. Thus,
the earnings and growth of ABC will be subject to the influence of economic
conditions generally, both domestic and foreign, and also to the monetary and
fiscal policies of the United States and its agencies, particularly the Federal
Reserve. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money through various
means, including open market dealings in United States government securities,
the discount rate at which banks may borrow from the Federal Reserve and the
reserve requirements on deposits. The nature and timing of any changes in such
policies and their effect on ABC cannot be predicted.

         Current and future legislation and the policies established by
federal and state regulatory authorities will affect ABC's future operations.
Banking legislation and regulations may limit our growth and the return to our
investors by restricting certain of our activities.

         In addition, capital requirements could be changed and have the
effect of restricting our activities or requiring additional capital to be
maintained. We cannot predict what changes, if any, will be made to existing
federal and state legislation and regulations or the effect that such changes
may have on ABC's business.

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK SYSTEM

         All of our Banks have correspondent relationships with the Federal
Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ("FHLB Atlanta"), which is one of 12 regional Federal
Home Loan Banks (or "FHLBs") that administer the home financing credit function
of savings companies. Each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its
members within its assigned region. FHLBs are funded primarily from proceeds
derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB System and make
loans to members (i.e., advances) in accordance with policies and procedures,
established by the Board of Directors of the FHLB which are subject to the
oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Board. All advances from the FHLB are
required to be fully secured by sufficient collateral as determined by the FHLB.
In addition, all long-term advances are required to provide funds for
residential home financing.

         FHLB Atlanta provides certain services to certain of our Banks such
as processing checks and other items, buying and selling Federal funds, handling
money transfers and exchanges, shipping coin and currency, providing security
and safekeeping of funds or other valuable items, and furnishing limited
management information and advice. As compensation for these services, the Banks
maintain certain balances with FHLB Atlanta in noninterest-bearing accounts.

         Under federal law, the FHLBs are required to provide funds for the
resolution of troubled savings companies and to contribute to low- and
moderately-priced housing programs through direct loans or interest subsidies on
advances targeted for community investment and low- and moderate-income housing
projects.

         Title 6 of the GLB Act, entitled the Federal Home Loan Bank System
Modernization Act of 1999 (called the "FHLB Modernization Act"), has amended the
Federal Home Loan Bank Act by allowing for voluntary membership and modernizing
the capital structure and governance of the FHLBs. The new capital structure
established under the FHLB Modernization Act sets forth new leverage and
risk-based capital requirements based on permanence of capital. It also requires
some minimum investment in the stock of the FHLBs of all member entities.
Capital will include retained earnings and two forms of stock: Class A stock
redeemable within six months, written notice and Class B stock redeemable within
five years written notice. The FHLB Modernization Act provides a transition
period to the new capital regime, which will not be effective until the FHLBs
enact implementing regulations. The FHLB Modernization Act also reduces the
period of time in which a member exiting the FHLB system must stay out of the
system.

                                      12

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.     PROPERTIES

         The principal properties of ABC consist of the properties of the
Banks. For a description of the properties of the Banks, see "Item 1 - Business
of ABC and the Banks - Properties" included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         Neither ABC nor any of the Banks is a party to, nor is any of their
property the subject of, any material pending legal proceedings, other than
ordinary routine proceedings incidental to the business of the Banks, nor to
the knowledge of the management of ABC are any such proceedings contemplated or
threatened against it or the Banks.

ITEM 4.     SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS

         No matters were submitted to a vote of ABC's shareholders during the
fourth quarter of 2001.

ITEM 4.5   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

         The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
         executive officers of ABC.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          Name, Age and                   Position with the                Principal Occupation for the Last Five Years
         Term as Officer                     Registrant                               and Other Directorships
----------------------------------    --------------------------    -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>                           <C>
Kenneth J. Hunnicutt; 65;             Chief Executive Officer,      Chairman of the Board of ABC since May  2001, Chief
   Officer since 1981                 Director and Chairman of      Executive Officer since 1994 and President from 1981 to
                                      the Board                     2001. Mr. Hunnicutt served as Senior President of
                                                                    American Bank from  1989 to  1991  and as President of
                                                                    American Bank from 1975 to 1989 and currently serves as a
                                                                    director of each of the banks.

Mark D. Thomas; 48;                   President, Chief Operating    President of ABC since May 2001 and Chief Operating
   Officer since July 20, 1999        Officer and Director          Officer since July 20, 1999 and a director thereof
                                                                    since July 1999  Mr.Thomas served as Executive Vice
                                                                    President of ABC Bancorp from July 1999 to May 2001.
                                                                    Mr.Thomas served in various capacities, including
                                                                    Senior Vice President and State Consumer Banking
                                                                    Executive for Tennessee for First Union National Bank
                                                                    from September 1977 through July 1999.

W. Edwin Lane, Jr; 47:                Executive Vice President      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
   Officer since January 1, 1995      and Chief Financial           ABC since January 1, 1995. Mr. Lane served as Controller
                                      Officer                       of First Liberty Bank, Macon, Georgia from August 1992 to
                                                                    December  1994. Mr. Lane was associated with Mauldin &
                                                                    Jenkins, Certified Public Accountants, from 1985 to 1992,
                                                                    where he served as an audit manager from 1989 to 1992.
</TABLE>

                    Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

                                      13

<PAGE>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED
            SECURITY HOLDER MATTERS

(a)     The Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System (or
        "Nasdaq-NMS") under the symbol "ABCB". The following table sets
        forth: (a) the high and low bid prices for the common stock as quoted
        on Nasdaq-NMS during 2001 and 2000; and (b) the amount of quarterly
        dividends declared on the common stock during the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Calendar Period                                            Bid Prices                Cash
--------------------------------------                        --------------------------      Dividends
                2001                                              High           Low          Declared
--------------------------------------                        ------------   -----------   --------------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>           <C>
First quarter                                                 $    12.000    $    9.125    $         .12
Second quarter                                                     12.620        11.000              .12
Third quarter                                                      13.500        11.060              .12
Fourth quarter                                                     13.950        12.150              .12
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Calendar Period                                            Bid Prices                Cash
--------------------------------------                        --------------------------      Dividends
                2000                                              High           Low          Declared
--------------------------------------                        ------------   -----------   --------------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>           <C>
First quarter                                                 $    11.125    $    9.625    $         .10
Second quarter                                                     11.000         9.500              .12
Third quarter                                                      10.750         9.000              .12
Fourth quarter                                                     10.500         8.000              .12
</TABLE>

(b)     As of March 1, 2001, there were approximately 2,000 holders of record
        of the Common Stock, excluding individuals in security position
        listings.

(c)     ABC paid an annual dividend on its common stock of $.48 and $.46 per
        share for fiscal years 2001 and 2000, respectively.

(d)     On April 13, 2001, ABC consummated the merger of Tri-County Bank, a
        Florida non-member bank, with and into Tri-County Merger Sub, Inc., a
        Florida corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ABC, whereby
        Tri-County Bank became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ABC in accordance
        with the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among ABC,
        Tri-County Merger Sub, Inc. and Tri-County Bank, which agreement was
        filed as Exhibit  2.1 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
        ended December  31, 2000. Pursuant to the Tri-County Bank Agreement
        and Plan of Merger, all of the issued and outstanding shares of
        Tri-County Bank's common stock were converted into the right to receive
        cash and an aggregate of 347,504  shares of ABC's Common Stock. These
        shares of Common Stock were issued without registration under the
        Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance upon the exemption
        from registration provided in Section 4(2) thereof. ABC based such
        reliance upon factual representations made to ABC by the shareholders
        of Tri-County Bank as to such shareholders'  investment intent and
        sophistication, among other things.

                                      14

<PAGE>

                   SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

         The following table presents selected consolidated financial
information for ABC. The data set forth below are derived from the audited
consolidated financial statements of ABC. The selected financial data should be
read in conjunction with, and are qualified in their entirety by, the
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto and Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
included elsewhere herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2001              2000            1999           1998           1997
                                             --------------    -------------   -------------   ------------   -----------
                                                             (Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share Data)
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                        <C>                 <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>
Selected Balance Sheet Data:
   Total assets                            $    1,176,886      $   826,197     $    789,460   $    724,946   $    691,886
   Total loans                                    805,076          587,381          530,225        477,194        490,244
   Total deposits                                 931,156          679,885          640,658        633,325        600,711
   Investment securities                          156,835          162,105          146,990        158,869        123,219
   Shareholders' equity                           104,148           80,656           76,016         71,834         68,153

Selected Income Statement Data:
   Interest income                         $       76,090      $    68,976     $     59,991   $     60,217   $     58,649
   Interest expense                                34,904           30,805           24,400         26,444         25,950
                                           ---------------     ------------    -------------  -------------  ------------
   Net interest income                             41,186           38,171           35,591         33,773         32,699

   Provision for loan losses                        4,566            1,712            2,154          5,505          2,731
Other income                                       11,725            8,215            7,752          9,376          7,736
Other expenses                                     34,020           30,233           27,942         27,996         27,139
                                           ---------------     ------------    -------------  -------------  ------------
   Income before tax                               14,325           14,441           13,247          9,648         10,565
   Income tax expense                               4,692            4,343            4,291          2,735          3,119
                                           ---------------     ------------    -------------  -------------  ------------
      Net income                           $        9,633      $    10,098     $      8,956   $      6,913   $      7,446
                                           ===============     ============    =============  =============  ============

Per Share Data:
   Net income - basic                      $         1.05      $      1.19     $       1.03   $       0.79   $       0.86
   Net income - diluted                              1.04             1.19             1.03           0.79           0.85
   Book value                                       10.42             9.66             8.71           8.29           7.83
   Tangible book value                               7.88             8.84             7.84           7.32           6.76
   Dividends                                         0.48             0.46             0.35           0.33           0.32

Profitability Ratios:
   Net income to average total assets                1.00 %           1.27 %           1.23 %         0.99 %         1.10 %
   Net income to average
       stockholders' equity                         10.30            13.19            11.93          10.07          11.35
   Net interest margin                               4.63             5.14             5.31           5.26           5.36
   Efficiency ratio                                 64.30            65.18            64.47          64.88          67.12
</TABLE>

                                      15

<PAGE>

             SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      2001            2000          1999            1998           1997
                                                 -------------  -------------   -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share Data)
                                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>              <C>
Loan Quality Ratios:
   Net charge-offs to total loans                        0.54 %         0.30 %          0.46 %         0.62 %          0.48 %
   Reserve for loan losses to total loans
      and OREO                                           1.85           1.67            1.86           2.13            1.55
   Nonperforming assets to total loans
      and OREO                                           1.67           0.95            1.15           1.99            2.41
   Reserve for loan losses to
      nonperforming loans                              124.97         202.18          178.26         116.25           75.86
   Reserve for loan losses to total
      nonperforming assets                             111.00         175.38          162.59         107.25           64.38

Liquidity Ratios:
   Loans to total deposits                              86.46 %        86.39 %         82.76 %        75.35 %         81.61 %
   Loans to average earnings assets                     90.56          79.05           79.17          74.35           80.43
   Noninterest-bearing deposits to
      total deposits                                    13.48          13.96           16.12          15.78           15.00

Capital Adequacy Ratios:
   Common stockholders' equity to
      total assets                                       8.85 %         9.76 %          9.63 %         9.91 %          9.85 %
   Average total stockholders' equity to average
      total assets                                       9.74           9.59           10.29           9.81            9.70
    Dividend payout ratio                               45.71          38.66           33.98          41.77           37.21
</TABLE>

                                      16

<PAGE>

         SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Quarters Ended December 31, 2001
                                                  ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                        4              3              2              1
                                                  -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                        (Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share Data)
                                                  ----------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                               <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>
Selected Income Statement Data:

   Interest income                                $     19,784   $     20,310   $     18,200   $     17,796

   Net interest income                                  10,719         11,040          9,876          9,551

   Net income                                            2,538          2,607          2,190          2,298

Per Share Data:

   Net income - basic                                      .26            .27            .25            .27

   Net income - diluted                                    .25            .27            .25            .27

   Dividends                                               .12            .12            .12            .12

                                                              Quarters Ended December 31, 2000
                                                  ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                        4              3              2              1
                                                  -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                        (Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share Data)
                                                  ----------------------------------------------------------

Selected Income Statement Data:

   Interest income                                $     17,988   $     18,069   $     16,756   $     16,163

   Net interest income                                   9,637          9,491          9,455          9,588

   Net income                                            2,917          2,338          2,438          2,405

Per Share Data:

   Net income - basic                                      .35            .28            .29            .28

   Net income - diluted                                    .35            .28            .29            .28

   Dividends                                               .12            .12            .12            .10
</TABLE>

                                      17

<PAGE>

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
           AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

           ABC's 2001 Annual Report contains forward-looking statements in
addition to historical information. ABC cautions that there are various
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those indicated in the forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995; accordingly, there can be no
assurance that such indicated results will be realized.

           The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe
harbor for forward-looking statements. In order to comply with the terms of the
safe harbor, ABC is required to note the variety of factors that could cause
ABC's actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated
results or other expectations expressed in ABC's forward-looking statements.
These factors include legislative and regulatory initiatives regarding
deregulation and restructuring of the banking industry; the extent and timing
of the entry of additional competition in ABC's markets; potential business
strategies, including acquisitions or dispositions of assets or internal
restructuring, that may be pursued by ABC, state and federal banking
regulations; changes in or application of environmental and other laws and
regulations to which ABC is subject; political, legal and economic conditions
and developments; financial market conditions and the results of financing
efforts; changes in commodity prices and interest rates; weather, natural
disasters and other catastrophic events; and other factors discussed in ABC's
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The words "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "project",
and similar expressions signify such forward-looking statements.

           Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any
forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ABC. Any such statement
speaks only as of the date the statement was made. ABC undertakes no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information with
respect to factors that may cause results to differ materially from those
contemplated by such forward-looking statements is included in the ABC's
current and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

GENERAL

           Our principal asset is the ownership of our Banks. Accordingly, our
results of operations are primarily dependent upon the results of operations of
our Banks. Our Banks conduct a commercial banking business which consists of
attracting deposits from the general public and applying those funds to the
origination of commercial, consumer and real estate loans (including commercial
loans collateralized by real estate). The Banks' profitablity depends primarily
on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income
generated from interest-earning assets (i.e., loans and investments) less the
interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities (i.e., customer
deposits and borrowed funds). Net interest income is affected by the relative
amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the
interest rate paid and earned on these balances. Net interest income is
dependent upon the Banks' interest rate spread, which is the difference between
the average yield earned on its interest-earning assets and the average rate
paid on its interest-bearing liabilities. When interest-earning assets
approximates or exceeds interest-bearing liabilities, any positive interest
rate spread will generate interest income. The interest rate spread is impacted
by interest rates, deposit flows and loan demand. Additionally, and to a lesser
extent, the profitability of the Banks is affected by such factors as the level
of noninterest income and expenses, the provision for loan losses and the
effective tax rate. Noninterest income consists primarily of service charges on
deposit accounts and other fees and income from the sale of loans and
investment securities. Noninterest expenses consist of compensation and
benefits, occupancy-related expenses and other operating expenses.

                                      18

<PAGE>

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999

           Our results of operations are determined by our ability to
effectively manage interest income and expense, to minimize loan and investment
losses, to generate noninterest income and to control noninterest expense.
Since interest rates are determined by market forces and economic conditions
beyond our control, the ability to generate net interest income is dependent
upon the ability of the Banks to obtain an adequate spread between the rate
earned on interest-earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing
liabilities. Thus, the key performance measure for net interest income is the
interest margin or net yield, which is taxable-equivalent net interest income
divided by average earning assets.

           The primary component of consolidated earnings is net interest
income, or the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets
and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The net interest margin is
net interest income expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning
assets. Interest-earning assets consist of loans, investment securities and
federal funds sold. Interest-bearing liabilities consist of deposits, Federal
Home Loan Bank borrowings and other short-term borrowings. A portion of
interest income is earned on tax-exempt investments such as state and municipal
bonds. In an effort to state this tax-exempt income and its resultant yields on
a basis comparable to all other taxable investments, an adjustment is made to
analyze this income on a taxable-equivalent basis.

           The net interest margin decrease 52 basis points to 4.68% in 2001 as
compared to 5.20% in 2000. This decrease resulted primarily from the monetary
policy pursued by the Federal Reserve during 2001. During 2001 the Federal
Reserve reduced the discount rate on 11 separate occasions resulting in a
reduction in the prime interest rate a total of 475 basis points from 9.50% on
January 1, 2001 to 4.75% on December 31, 2001. The prime interest rate on
December 31, 2001 was one-half of the effective rate on January 1, 2001. As a
result of these rate reductions, ABC's average yield on interest-earning assets
decreased 74 basis points to 8.61% in 2001 from 9.35% in 2000. The average
interest rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities decreased 34 basis points to
4.58% in 2001 from 4.92% in 2000. Average interest-earning assets increased
$146,017 or 19.65% to $889,028,000 in 2001 from $743,011,000 in 2000. Average
loans increased $127,766,000 or 22.39% to $698,292 in 2001 from $570,526,000 in
2000. Average yield on loans decreased 89 basis points to 9.33% in 2001 as
compared to 10.22% in 2000. Average investments decreased $314,000 or .20% to
$158,854,000 in 2001 from $159,168,000 in 2000. Average yield on investments
increased 13 basis points or 3.12% to 6.54% in 2001 as compared to 6.41% in
2000. Average interest-bearing deposits in and federal funds sold to other
banks increased $18,565,000 or 39.41% to $31,882,000 in 2001 from $13,317,000
in 2000. Although the average yield on deposits in and federal funds sold to
other banks decreased 394 basis points, the reduction in yield did not
significantly affect the average yield on earning assets due to the relatively
small volume of investments represented by such funds. The increase in average
interest-earning assets was funded by an increase in average deposits of
$126,872,000 or 19.40% to $780,864,000 in 2001 from $653,992,000 in 2000 and an
increase in average other borrowings of $$17,662,000 or 28.91% to $78,760,000
in 2001 from $61,098,000 in 2000. Average interest paid on total average
deposits decreased 28 basis points or 5.92% to 4.45% in 2001 as compared to
4.73% in 2000. Approximately 13% of the total average deposits were
noninterest-bearing deposits in 2001 as compared to approximately 14% in 2000.

           During 2001, we acquired two new subsidiary Banks and two branches
of other banks which have now been merged with two of our Banks. These new bank
and branch acquisitions were accounted for as purchases. Following is a summary
of assets and liabilities related to the acquisitions of the two new subsidiary
Banks and one branch. The acquisition of one branch was not consummated until
December 24, 2001; consequently, the balances related to that branch have not
been included because the results would not be materially different had the
balances been included.

Interest-earning assets:
    Loans                                                         $71,233,000
    Investment securities                                          15,163,000
    Deposit in and federal funds sold to banks                      1,772,000
                                                                  -----------
                   Total interest-earning assets                  $88,168,000
                                                                  ===========

Interest-bearing liabilities:
    Deposits                                                      $83,528,000
    Other borrowings                                                4,263,000
                                                                  -----------
                   Total interest-bearing liabilities             $87,791,000
                                                                  ===========

Noninterest-bearing deposits                                      $10,326,000
                                                                  ===========

Total deposits                                                    $93,854,000
                                                                  ===========

                                      19

<PAGE>

              The net interest margin decreased 20 basis points to 5.20% in
2000 as compared to 5.40% in 1999. This decrease in net interest margin
resulted from an increase of 31 basis points in average yield earned on
interest-earning assets accompanied by a greater increase of 57 basis points in
average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in average rate
paid on interest-bearing liabilities resulted from an increase of $37,450,000
or 11.24% on time deposits to $370,707,000 in 2000 as compared to $333,257,000
in 1999. Because we were more aggressive in obtaining time deposits, the
average rate paid on time deposits increased 58 basis points to 5.84% in 2000
as compared to 5.26% in 1999. We also increased our other borrowings, primarily
Federal Home Loan Bank advances, $22,978,000 or 71.04% to $55,322,000 in 2000
from $32,344,000 in 1999, with an increase of 117 basis points in average
interest paid to 6.55% in 2000 as compared to 5.38% in 1999. Average
interest-earning assets increased $73,259,000 or 10.94% to $743,011,000 in 2000
as compared to $669,752,000 in 1999. Average yield earned on interest-earning
assets increased 31 basis points to 9.35% in 2000 as compared to 9.04% in 1999.
Average loans increased $64,585,000 or 12.77% to $570,526,000 in 2000 from
$505,941,000 in 1999. Average yield earned on loans increased 22 basis points
to 10.22% as compared to 10.00% in 1999. Average investments increased
$10,197,000 to $159,168,000 in 2000 from $148,971,000 in 1999. Average yield
earned on investments increased 28 basis points to 6.41% in 2000 as compared to
6.13% in 1999. The change in average interest-bearing deposits in banks and the
related yield on those assets did not have a material effect on interest
income. Because increasing interest rates had a greater impact on interest paid
on interest-bearing liabilities than they had on yield earned on
interest-earning assets, our interest rate spread decreased 26 basis points to
4.43% in 2000 from 4.69% in 1999. Net interest income on a taxable-equivalent
basis was $38,665,000 in 2000 as compared to $36,150,000 in 1998, representing
an increase of $2,515,000 or 6.96%. The increase in average interest-earning
assets was funded by an increase in average deposits of $40,665,000 or 6.63%
and an increased in average borrowings of $24,091,000. In 2000, approximately
14% of the average deposits were noninterest-bearing deposits as compared to
approximately 15% in 1999.

           The allowance for loan losses represents a reserve for potential
losses in the loan portfolio. The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is
evaluated periodically based on a review of all significant loans, with a
particular emphasis on nonaccruing, past due and other loans that management
believes require attention. We segregate our loan portfolio by type of loan and
utilize this segregation in evaluating exposure to risks within the portfolio.
In addition, based on internal reviews and external reviews performed by
independent auditors and regulatory authorities, we further segregates our loan
portfolio by loan classifications within each type of loan based on an
assessment of risk for a particular loan or group of loans. Certain reviewed
loans require specific allowances. Allowances are provided for other types and
classifications of loans based on anticipated loss rates. Allowances are also
provided for loans that are reviewed by management and considered creditworthy
and loans for which management determines no review is required. In
establishing allowances, management considers historical loan loss experience
with an emphasis on current loan quality trends, current economic conditions
and other factors in the markets where the subsidiary banks operate. Factors
considered include among others, unemployment rates, effect of weather on
agriculture and significant local economic events, such as major plant closings.

           We have developed a methodology for determining the adequacy of the
loan loss reserve which is followed by all our Banks and monitored by ABC's
senior credit officer and internal audit staff. Procedures provide for the
assignment of a risk rating for every loan included in our total loan
portfolio, with the exception of credit card receivables and overdraft
protection loans which are treated as pools for risk rating purposes. The risk
rating schedule provides seven ratings of which three ratings are classified as
pass ratings and four ratings are classified as criticized ratings. Each risk
rating is assigned a percent factor to be applied to the loan balance to
determine the adequate amount of reserve. Many of the larger loans require an
annual review by an independent loan officer. As a result of loan reviews
certain loans may be assigned specific reserve allocations. Other loans that
surface as problem loans may also be assigned specific reserves. Past due loans
are assigned risk ratings based on the number of days past due.

           The provision for loan losses is a charge to earnings in the current
period to replenish the allowance and maintain it at a level management has
determined to be adequate. The provision for loan losses charged to earnings
amounted to $4,566,000 in 2001, $1,712,000 in 2000 and $2,154,000 in 1999. The
increase in the provision for loan losses of $2,854,000 in 2001 over the
provision in 2000 was required to replenish the reserve for greater net
charge-offs. Net charge-offs in 2001 increased $2,603,000 to $4,378,000 in 2001
as compared to $1,775,000 in 2000. The charge-off of $2,200,000 on one line of
credit in 2001 accounted for 77% of the increase. The remaining portion of the
increase in net charge-offs in 2001 was related to the increase in average
loans during 2001. During 2000 net loan charge-offs decreased $676,000 or
27.58% to $1,775,000 as compared to $2,451,000 in 1999. Due to the improvement
in the quality of the loan portfolio, which resulted from management's efforts
to resolve problem loan situations, management determined that the provision
for loan losses in 2000 could be significantly reduced from the provision
recorded in 1999. During 2001, average loans increased $127,766,000 or 22.39%
over 2000 as compared to an increase in average loans of $64,585,000 or 12.12%
in 2000 as compared to 1999. The allowance for loan losses increased $5,112,000
to $14,944,000 at December 31, 2001 from $9,832,000 at December 31, 2000.
Approximately $4,924,000 or 96% of the increase represented loan reserves
acquired in bank acquisitions in 2001. Net charge-offs represented 95.88% of
the provision for loan losses in 2001 as compared to 103.68% in 2000. Net loan
charge-offs for 2001 represented

                                      20

<PAGE>

 .63% of average loans outstanding during the year as compared to .31% for 2000
and .48% for 1999. At December 31, 2001, the allowance for loan losses was
1.86% of total loans outstanding as compared to an allowance for loan losses of
1.67% of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2000 and 1.87% of total loans
outstanding at December 31, 1999. The determination of the allowance rests upon
management's judgment about factors affecting loan quality and assumptions
about the local and national economy. Management considers the year-end
allowance for loan losses adequate to cover potential losses in the
consolidated loan portfolio.

           Average total assets increased $161,810,000 or 20.27% to
$960,031,000 in 2001 as compared to $798,221,000 in 2000. The increase in
average total assets was accompanied by an increase in average deposits of
$126,872,000 or 19.40% to $780,864,000 in 2001 from $653,992,000 in 2000 and an
increase of average borrowings of $17,662,000. Average total assets increased
$68,258,000 or 9.35% to $798,221,000 in 2000 as compared to $729,963,000 in
1999. The increase in average total assets was accompanied by an increase in
average total deposits of $40,665,000 or 6.63% to $653,992,000 in 2000 from
$613,327,000 in 1999 and an increase in average borrowings of $24,091,000.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

         In July 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Standards ("SFAS") No. 141, "Business Combinations," and
SFAS No.  142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS No. 141 requires
that the purchase method of accounting be used for all business combinations
initiated after June 30, 2001 as well as all purchase method business
combination completed after June 30, 2001. SFAS No. 141 also specifies criteria
that intangible assets acquired in a purchase method business combination must
meet to be recognized and reported apart from goodwill. SFAS No. 142 also
requires that intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be
amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually in accordance
with the provisions of SFAS No. 142. SFAS No. 142 also requires that intangible
assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over their respective estimated
lives to their estimated residual values, and reviewed for impairment in
accordance with SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of."

         ABC was required to adopt the provisions of SFAS No. 141 immediately
and must adopt SFAS No. 142 effective January 1, 2002. Accordingly, goodwill
and intangible assets determined to have an indefinite useful life acquired in
a purchase business combination completed after June 30, 2001, but before SFAS
No.  142 is adopted, will not be amortized, but will continue to be evaluated
for impairment in accordance with the appropriate pre-SFAS No. 142 accounting
literature. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in business combinations
completed before July 1, 2001 will continue to be amortized and tested for
impairment in accordance with the appropriate pre-SFAS No. 142 accounting
requirements in effect prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 142.

         SFAS No. 141 requires upon adoption of SFAS No. 142 that we evaluate
our existing intangible assets and goodwill that were acquired in a prior
purchase business combination, and to make any necessary reclassifications in
order to conform with the new criteria in SFAS No. 141 for recognition apart
from goodwill. Upon adoption of SFAS No. 142, we will be required to reassess
the useful lives and residual values of all intangible assets acquired, and
make any necessary amortization period adjustments by the end of the first
interim period after adoption. In addition, to the extent an intangible asset
is identified as having an indefinite useful life, we will be required to test
the intangible asset for impairment in accordance with the provisions of SFAS
No. 142 within the first interim period. Any impairment loss will be measured
as of the date of adoption and recognized as the cumulative effect of a change
in accounting principle in the first interim period.

         In connection with SFAS No. 142's transitional goodwill impairment
evaluation, the statement requires us to perform an assessment of whether there
is an indication that goodwill is impaired as of the date of adoption. Any
transitional impairment loss will be recognized as the cumulative effect of a
change in accounting principle in our statement of earnings.

         ABC is required to adopt SFAS No. 142 on January 1, 2002. Our
unamortized goodwill and other intangible assets on January 1, 2002 total $25.3
million, the majority of which will be subject to the transition provisions of
SFAS Nos. 141 and 142. Amortization expense related to goodwill and other
intangibles was $l,l85,000 and $804,000 for the years ended December 31, 2001
and December 31, 2000, respectively. Because of the extensive effort needed to
comply with the adoption of SFAS Nos. 141 and 142, it is not practicable to
reasonably estimate the impact of adopting these statements on our financial
statements at the date of this annual report, including whether we will be
required to recognize any transitional impairment losses as the cumulative
effect of a change in accounting principle. However, we believe that the
adoption of these statements will not have a material impact on our financial
statements.

                                      21

<PAGE>

ITEM 7a.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

           ABC is exposed only to U. S. Dollar interest rate changes and,
accordingly, we manage exposure by considering the possible changes in the net
interest margin. We do not have any trading instruments nor do we classify any
portion of the investment portfolio as held for trading. We do not engage in
any hedging activities or enter into any derivative instruments with a higher
degree of risk than mortgage-backed securities, which are commonly, pass
through securities. Finally, we have no exposure to foreign currency exchange
rate risk, commodity price risk, and other market risks.

           Interest rates play a major part in the net interest income of a
financial institution. The sensitivity to rate changes is known as "interest
rate risk." The repricing of interest earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities can influence the changes in net interest income. As part of our
asset/liability management program, the timing of repriced assets and
liabilities is referred to as Gap management. Our policy is to maintain a Gap
ratio in the one-year time horizon of .80 to 1.20. As indicated by the Gap
analysis included in this annual report, the Company is somewhat asset
sensitive in relation to changes in market interest rates. Being asset
sensitive would result in net interest income increasing in a rising rate
environment and decreasing in a declining rate environment. See
"Asset/Liability Management" included in this annual report.

           ABC uses simulation analysis to monitor changes in net interest
income due to changes in market interest rates. The simulation of rising,
declining and flat interest rate scenarios allow management to monitor and
adjust interest rate sensitivity to minimize the impact of market interest rate
swings. The analysis of the impact on net interest income over a twelve-month
period is subjected to a gradual 200 basis point increase or decrease in market
rates on net interest income and is monitored on a quarterly basis. The most
recent simulation model projects net interest income would increase 3.79% if
rates rise gradually over the next year. On the other hand, the model projects
net interest income to decrease 4.17% if rates decline over the next year.

                                      22

<PAGE>

                 SELECTED STATISTICAL INFORMATION OF ABC BANCORP

         The following statistical information should be read in conjunction
with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operation" and the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this Annual Report and in the documents incorporated herein by reference.

Average Balances and Net Income Analysis

         The following tables set forth the amount of the ABC's interest income
or interest expense for each category of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities and the average interest rate for total
interest-earning assets and total interest-bearing liabilities, net interest
spread and net yield on average interest-earning assets. Federally tax-exempt
income is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis assuming a 34% federal tax
rate.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                               -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2001                              2000                            1999
                               ------------------------------   --------------------------------   ---------------------------------
                                             Interest   Average                Interest   Average              Interest   Average
                                 Average     Income/     Yield/      Average   Income/     Yield/     Average  Income/     Yield/
                                 Balance     Expense    Rate Paid    Balance   Expense    Rate Paid   Balance  Expense   Rate Paid
                               ----------   --------  ---------   ----------- ---------  ---------- ---------- --------- -----------
                                                                         (Dollars in Thousands)
                               -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>          <C>         <C>      <C>          <C>         <C>      <C>          <C>         <C>
ASSETS
   Interest-earning assets:
      Loans, net of unearned
        interest               $  698,292   $  65,157   9.33 %   $  570,526   $  58,328   10.22%   $  505,941   $  50,603   10.00%
   Investment securities:
      Taxable                     141,378       9,072   6.42        139,928       8,750    6.25       127,515       7,488    5.87
      Nontaxable                   17,476       1,317   7.54         19,240       1,453    7.55        21,456       1,645    7.67
   Interest-bearing deposits
      in banks                     30,285         943   3.11         13,317         939    7.05        14,840         814    5.49
   Federal funds sold               1,597          49   3.07              -          -                      -           -       -
                               ----------   ---------            ----------   ---------            ----------   ---------
      Total interest-earning
         assets                   889,028      76,538   8.61        743,011      69,470    9.35       669,752      60,550    9.04
                               ----------   ---------            ----------   ---------            ----------   ---------

   Noninterest-earning assets:
     Cash                          30,270                            23,963                            26,391
     Allowance for loan.losses    (12,121)                          (10,144)                          (10,124)
     Unrealized gain (loss) on
      available for sale
      securities                    3,274                            (2,007)                              252
   Other assets                    49,580                            43,398                            43,692
                               -----------                       ----------                        ----------
      Total noninterest-
         earning assets            71,003                            55,210                            60,211
                               ----------                        ----------                        -----------
      Total assets             $  960,031                        $  798,221                        $   729,963
                               ==========                        ==========                        ===========
</TABLE>

                                      23

<PAGE>

AVERAGE BALANCES AND NET INCOME ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             2001                              2000                             1999
                              ------------------------------   --------------------------------   ---------------------------------
                                            Interest   Average                Interest    Average              Interest   Average
                                Average     Income/     Yield/      Average    Income/     Yield/     Average  Income/     Yield/
                                Balance     Expense   Rate Paid     Balance    Expense    Rate Paid   Balance  Expense    Rate Paid
                              ----------   --------  ---------   ----------- ---------  ---------- ---------- --------- -----------
                                                                        (Dollars in Thousands)
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>          <C>         <C>      <C>          <C>         <C>      <C>          <C>         <C>
LIABILITIES AND
   STOCKHOLDERS'
   EQUITY

Interest-bearing liabilities:
Savings and interest-bearing
  demand deposits             $ 230,476    $  5,379    2.33 %   $ 194,895    $    5,087  2.61 %   $  190,745   $   4,904   2.57 %
Time deposits                   452,407      25,057    5.54       370,707        21,666  5.84        333,257      17,520   5.26
Other short-term borrowings       4,523         199    4.40         5,776           428  7.41          4,663         237   5.08
Other borrowings                 69,159       3,768    5.45        55,322         3,624  6.55         32,344       1,739   5.38
Trust preferred securities        5,078         501    9.87           -             -       -              -           -      -
                               ---------   --------             ---------     ---------            ---------    --------
  Total interest-bearing
    liabilities                 761,643      34,904    4.58       626,700        30,805  4.92        561,009      24,400   4.35
                               ---------   --------              --------     ---------            ---------    --------

 Noninterest-bearing
liabilities
   and stockholders' equity:
  Demand deposits                97,981                            88,390                             89,325
  Other liabilities               6,877                             6,573                              4,540
  Stockholders' equity           93,530                            76,558                             75,089
                               --------                         ---------                         ----------
    Total noninterest-bearing
     liabilities and
     stockholders' equity       198,388                           171,521                            168,954
                               --------                          --------                          ---------

    Total liabilities and
     stockholders' equity     $ 960,031                         $ 798,221                         $  729,963
                              =========                         =========                         ==========

Interest rate spread                                   4.03 %                            4.43 %                            4.69 %
                                                     =========                          ========                           =======

Net interest income                        $ 41,634                          $   38,665                        $  36,150
                                           ========                          ==========                        =========

Net interest margin                           4.68 %                                     5.20 %                            5.40 %
                                           =========                                   ========                           ========
</TABLE>

                                      24

<PAGE>

RATE AND VOLUME ANALYSIS

         The following table reflects the changes in net interest income
resulting from changes in interest rates and from asset and liability volume.
Federally tax-exempt interest is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis
assuming a 34% federal tax rate. The change in interest attributable to rate has
been determined by applying the change in rate between years to average balances
outstanding in the later year. The change in interest due to volume has been
determined by applying the rate from the earlier year to the change in average
balances outstanding between years. Thus, changes that are not solely due to
volume have been consistently attributed to rate.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          2001 vs. 2000                            2000 vs. 1999
                                            ---------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
                                              Increase          Changes Due To          Increase          Changes Due To
                                                          --------------------------               --------------------------
                                             (Decrease)        Rate         Volume     (Decrease)        Rate         Volume
                                            ------------  ------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
                                                                         (Dollars in Thousands)
                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
Increase (decrease) in:
   Income from earning assets:
      Interest and fees on loans            $    6,829    $   (6,233)   $   13,062   $     7,725   $     1,265   $     6,460
   Interest on securities:
      Taxable                                      322           231            91         1,262           533           729
      Tax exempt                                  (136)           (3)         (133)         (192)          (22)         (170)
   Interest-bearing deposits in banks                4        (1,192)        1,196           125           209           (84)
   Interest on federal funds                        49             -            49             -             -             -
                                            ------------  ------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
      Total interest income                      7,068        (7,197)       14,265         8,920         1,985         6,935
                                            ------------  ------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------

Expense from interest-bearing liabilities:
   Interest on savings and interest-
      bearing demand deposits                      292          (637)          929           183            76           107
   Interest on time deposits                     3,391        (1,384)        4,775         4,146         2,177         1,969
   Interest on short-term borrowings              (229)         (136)          (93)          191           134            57
   Interest on other borrowings                    144          (762)          906         1,885           650         1,235
   Interest on trust preferred securities          501             -           501            -             -             -
                                            ------------  ------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
      Total interest expense                     4,099        (2,919)        7,018         6,405         3,037         3,368
                                            ------------  ------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------

      Net interest income                   $    2,969    $   (4,278)   $    7,247   $     2,515   $    (1,052)  $     3,567
                                            ============  ============  ============ ============= ============= ============
</TABLE>

                                      25

<PAGE>

NONINTEREST INCOME

         Service charges on deposit accounts increased $1,328,000 or 20.77% to
$7,721,000 in 2001 as compared to $6,393,000 in 2000 on an increase in average
deposits of $126,872,000 or 19.58% to $780,864,000 in 2001 from $653,992,000 in
2000. $549,000 or 41.34% of the increase in service charges and $93,854,000 or
73.98% of the increase in average deposits were attributable to the 2001 bank
acquisitions. Service charges on deposit accounts increased $697,000 or 12.24%
to $6,393,000 in 2000 as compared to $5,696,000 in 1999 on an increase in
average deposits of $40,665,000 or 6.63% to $653,992,000 in 2000 from
$613,327,000 in 1999. The increase in service charges on deposit accounts was
attributable primarily to the increase in average deposits. Other service
charges, commissions and fees increased $201,000 or 32.32% to $823,000 in 2001
from $622,000 in 2000. Approximately $15,000 or 7.46% of the increase was
attributable to the 2001 bank acquisitions. The remaining increase in other
service charges, commissions and fees relate to increased activity in the sale
of annuities and other financial instruments and increased emphasis on credit
life insurance that generated additional fee income. Origination fees on
mortgage loans increased $491,000 or 121.23% to $896,000 in 2001 from $405,000
in 2000. The significant increase in mortgage fee income resulted from the
volume of mortgage refinancing generated by the decrease in mortgage rates.
Approximately $134,000 or 27.29% of the increase was attributable to First Bank
of Brunswick acquired in 2001. Origination fees on mortgage loans decreased
$383,000 or 48.64% to $405,000 in 2000 as compared to $788,000 in 1999. This
decrease was attributable to the decrease in mortgage lending activities,
particularly the refinancing of mortgage loans, resulting from the stabilization
of interest rates during 2000. In 2001, we realized $1,253,000 in gain on sale
of securities. There were no sales of securities in 2000. In 1999, we incurred a
loss of $91,000 on sale of securities. All other noninterest income increased
$237,000 or 29.81% to $1,032,000 in 2001 from $795,000 in 2002, of which
$215,000 or 90.72% was attributable to the 2001 bank acquisitions.

         Following is a comparison of noninterest income for 2001, 2000 and
1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                --------------------------------------------------
                                                                       2001              2000              1999
                                                                ---------------   ---------------   --------------
                                                                               (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                --------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>               <C>               <C>
Service charges on deposit accounts                             $        7,721    $        6,393    $       5,696
Mortgage origination fees                                                  896               405              788
Other service charges, commissions and fees                                823               622              423
Gain (loss) on sale of securities                                        1,253                 -              (91)
Other income                                                             1,032               795              936
                                                                ---------------   ---------------   --------------
                                                                $       11,725    $        8,215    $       7,752
                                                                ===============   ===============   ==============
</TABLE>

NONINTEREST EXPENSE

         Salaries and employee benefits increased $1,746,000 or 10.63% to
$18,166,000 in 2001 from $16,420,000 in 2000. Approximately $1,627,000 or 93.18%
of the increase was attributable to the 2001 bank acquisitions. Salaries and
employee benefits increased $1,534,000 or 10.30% to $16,420,000 in 2000 from
$14,886,000 in 1999. Salaries increased $547,000 (4.98%); bonuses increased
$468,000 (47.76%); retirement expense increased $242,000 (34.23%); and all other
employee benefits, including stock options and other grants, insurance and
payroll taxes, increased $277,000 (12.44%). Stock options and other grants
increased $192,000.

         Equipment and occupancy expense remained fairly constant during 2001,
2000 and 1999. Equipment and occupancy increased $430,000 or 9.91% to $4,768,000
in 2001 from $4,338,000 in 2000. Approximately $407,000 or 94.65% of the
increase was attributable to the 2001 acquisitions. Equipment and occupancy
expense increased $147,000 or 3.51% to $4,338,000 in 2000 as compared to
$4,191,000 in 1999. The increase in 2000 was attributable to an increase in
depreciation expense of $201,000 over depreciation expense for 1999.

         Amortization of intangible assets increased $381,000 to $1,185,000 in
2001 from $804,000 in 2000. The entire amount of the increase resulted from the
amortization of intangible assets arising from the 2001 acquisitions.
Amortization of intangible assets remained the same in 2000 as the amount
charged to expense in 1999.

                                      26

<PAGE>

NONINTEREST EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

         Data processing fees increased $103,000 to $1,250,000 in 2001 from
$804,000 in 2000. Approximately $35,000, representing one-third of the increase
related to the 2001 acquisitions. The remaining increase was attributable to
increased volume of financial data processed in 2001 as compared with 2000. Data
processing fees increased $456,000 to $1,147,000 in 2000 as compared to $691,000
in 1999. Approximately $200,000 of the increase was attributable to management's
decision in 2000 to classify certain charges as data processing fess that were
charged to other expense in 1999. The reclassification of these charges in 1999
to data processing fees was not considered necessary. In addition, we installed
voice response units in all the Banks that accounted for an increase of
approximately $84,000 in 2000. Also, a billing error in 1999 resulted in the
payment of an additional $100,000 in 2000 that related to data processing in
1999.

         Following is a comparison of noninterest expense for 2001, 2000 and
1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                 2001              2000               1999
                                                          ---------------   ---------------    ---------------
                                                                       (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                       <C>               <C>                <C>
Salaries and employee benefits                            $       18,166    $       16,420     $       14,886
Equipment and occupancy                                            4,768             4,338              4,191
Amortization of intangible assets                                  1,185               804                804
Data processing fees                                               1,250             1,147                691
Other expense                                                      8,651             7,524              7,370
                                                          ---------------   ---------------    ---------------
                                                          $       34,020    $       30,233     $       27,942
                                                          ===============   ===============    ===============
</TABLE>

ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT

         A principal objective of our asset/liability management strategy is to
minimize its exposure to changes in interest rates by matching the maturity and
repricing horizons of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.
This strategy is overseen in part through the direction of our Asset and
Liability Committee (the "ALCO Committee") which establishes policies and
monitors results to control interest rate sensitivity.

         As part of our interest rate risk management policy, the ALCO Committee
examines the extent to which its assets and liabilities are "interest
rate-sensitive" and monitors its interest rate-sensitivity "gap". An asset or
liability is considered to be interest rate sensitive if it will reprice or
mature within the time period analyzed, usually one year or less. The interest
rate-sensitivity gap is the difference between the interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities scheduled to mature or reprice within such time
period. A gap is considered positive when the amount of interest rate-sensitive
assets exceeds the amount of interest rate-sensitive liabilities. A gap is
considered negative when the amount of interest rate-sensitive liabilities
exceeds the interest rate-sensitive assets. During a period of rising interest
rates, a negative gap would tend to adversely affect net interest income, while
a positive gap would tend to result in an increase in net interest income.
During a period of falling interest rates, a negative gap would tend to result
in an increase in net interest income, while a positive gap would tend to
adversely affect net interest income. If ABC's assets and liabilities were
equally flexible and moved concurrently, the impact of any increase or decrease
in interest rates on net interest income would be minimal.

         A simple interest rate "gap" analysis by itself may not be an accurate
indicator of how net interest income will be affected by changes in interest
rates. Accordingly, the ALCO Committee also evaluates how the repayment of
particular assets and liabilities is impacted by changes in interest rates.
Income associated with interest-earning assets and costs associated with
interest-bearing liabilities may not be affected uniformly by changes in
interest rates. In addition, the magnitude and duration of changes in interest
rates may have a significant impact on net interest income. For example,
although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods
of repricing, they may not react identically to changes in market interest
rates. Interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities fluctuate in
advance of changes in general market interest rates, while interest rates on
other types may lag behind changes in general market rates. In addition, certain
assets, such as adjustable rate mortgage loans, have features (generally
referred to as "interest rate caps") which limit changes in interest rates on a
short-term basis and over the life of the asset. In the event of a change in
interest rates, prepayment and early withdrawal levels also could deviate
significantly from those assumed in calculating the interest-rate gap. The
ability of many borrowers to service their debts also may decrease in the event
of an interest-rate increase.

                                      27

<PAGE>

         The following table sets forth the distribution of the repricing of our
earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities as of December 31, 2001, the
interest rate sensitivity gap (i.e., interest rate sensitive assets divided by
interest rate sensitivity liabilities), the cumulative interest rate sensitivity
gap ratio (i.e., interest rate sensitive assets divided by interest rate
sensitive liabilities) and the cumulative sensitivity gap ratio. The table also
sets forth the time periods in which earning assets and liabilities will mature
or may reprice in accordance with their contractual terms. However, the table
does not necessarily indicate the impact of general interest rate movements on
the net interest margin since the repricing of various categories of assets and
liabilities is subject to competitive pressures and the needs of our customers.
In addition, various assets and liabilities indicated as repricing within the
same period may in fact reprice at different times within such period and at
different rates.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              At December 31, 2001
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           Maturing or Repricing Within
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      Zero to         Three           One to          Over
                                                       Three        Months to          Five           Five
                                                      Months         One Year         Years          Years          Total
                                                   ------------   -------------   -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>
Earning assets:
   Interest-bearing deposits in banks              $   106,172     $          -    $         -     $       -      $   106,172
   Federal funds sold                                       44                -              -             -               44
   Investment securities                                27,767            98,653         23,092         7,323         156,835
   Loans                                               196,600           289,844        305,301        13,331         805,076
                                                   ------------    --------------  -------------   ------------   ------------
                                                       330,583           388,497        328,393        20,654       1,068,127
                                                   ------------    --------------  -------------   ------------   ------------
Interest-bearing liabilities:
   Interest-bearing demand deposits /(1)/                   -             80,105        174,196            -          254,301
   Savings /(1)/                                            -             21,888         40,648            -           62,536
   Certificates less than $100,000                      99,138           195,937         37,160            -          332,235
   Certificates, $100,000 and over                      50,944            89,417         16,201            -          156,562
   Other short-term borrowings                           3,792                -              -             -            3,792
   Other borrowings                                     36,607               196          3,301        55,189          95,293
   Trust preferred securities                               -                 -              -         34,500          34,500
                                                   ------------    --------------  -------------   ------------   ------------
                                                       190,481           387,543        271,506        89,689         939,219
                                                   ------------    --------------  -------------   ------------   ------------

Interest rate sensitivity gap                      $   140,102     $         954   $     56,887    $  (69,035)    $   128,908
                                                   ============    ==============  =============   ============   ============

Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap           $   140,102     $     141,056   $    197,943    $  128,908
                                                   ============    ==============  =============   ============

Interest rate sensitivity gap ratio                       1.74              1.00           1.21           .23
                                                   ============    ==============  =============   ============

Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap ratio            1.74              1.24           1.23          1.14
                                                   ============    ==============  =============   ============
</TABLE>

/(1)/    The Company has found that NOW and money-market checking deposits and
         savings deposits reprice between three months and one year or between
         one to five years depending on the competition in the market areas
         where the deposits are located. Therefore, it has placed portions of
         these deposits in the three months to one year horizon and the one to
         five years horizon based on estimated amounts repricing in each
         horizon.

                                      28

<PAGE>

                              INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO

         ABC manages the mix of asset and liability maturities in an effort to
control the effects of changes in the general level of interest rates on net
interest income. See "--Asset/Liability Management." Except for its effect on
the general level of interest rates, inflation does not have a material impact
on the us due to the rate variability and short-term maturities of its earning
assets. In particular, approximately 60% of the loan portfolio is comprised of
loans which mature or reprice within one year or less. Mortgage loans, primarily
with five to fifteen year maturities, are also made on a variable rate basis
with rates being adjusted every one to five years. Additionally, 81% of the
investment portfolio matures or reprices within one year or less.

TYPES OF INVESTMENTS

SECURITIES

         Following is a summary of the carrying value of investments as of the
end of each reported period:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           December 31,
                                                       ---------------------------------------------------
                                                            2001               2000              1999
                                                       --------------    ---------------   ---------------
                                                                      (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                       ---------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                    <C>               <C>               <C>
U. S. Government and agency securities                 $      50,473     $       61,186    $       48,811
State and municipal securities                                 5,339             19,468            20,134
Corporate debt securities                                      6,715              6,130             4,344
Mortgage-backed securities                                    89,111             71,221            69,477
Marketable equity securities                                     496                614               772
Restricted equity securities                                   4,701              3,486             3,452
                                                       --------------    ---------------   ---------------
                                                       $     156,835     $      162,105    $      146,990
                                                       ==============    ===============   ===============
</TABLE>

MATURITIES

         The amounts of investments in securities in each category as of
December 31, 2001 are shown in the following table according to contractual
maturity classifications (1) one year or less, (2) after one year through five
years, (3) after five years through ten years, and (4) after ten years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      U. S. Treasury
                                                      and Other U. S.
                                                    Government Agencies                  State and
                                                      and Corporations           Political Subdivisions
                                                                    Yield                          Yield
                                                    Amount           (1)            Amount         (1) (2)
                                                ---------------  ------------    --------------  ------------
                                                                   (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>                  <C>         <C>                 <C>
Maturity:
   One year or less                             $       20,435       5.58 %      $       2,631       7.45 %
   After one year through five years                    97,275       5.41                1,378       7.67
   After five years through ten years                   22,065       6.75                1,027       7.34
   After ten years                                       7,020       6.72                  303       5.90
                                                ---------------  ------------    --------------  ------------
                                                $      146,795       5.70 %      $       5,339       7.40 %
                                                ===============  ============    ==============  ============
</TABLE>

(1)      Yields were computed using coupon interest, adding discount accretion
         or subtracting premium amortization, as appropriate, on a ratable basis
         over the life of each security. The weighted average yield for each
         maturity range was computed using the acquisition price of each
         security in that range.

(2)      Yields on securities of state and political subdivisions are stated on
         a taxable-equivalent basis, using a tax rate of 34%.

                                      29

<PAGE>

                                 LOAN PORTFOLIO

TYPES OF LOANS

         Management believes that our loan portfolio is adequately diversified.
The loan portfolio contains no foreign or energy-related loans or significant
concentrations in any one industry, with the exception of residential and
commercial real estate mortgages, which constituted approximately 53% of our
loan portfolio as of December 31, 2001. The amount of loans outstanding at the
indicated dates is shown in the following table according to type of loans.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         December 31,
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              2001            2000            1999            1998            1997
                                         -------------   -------------   -------------   -------------   -------------
                                                                    (Dollars in Thousands)
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                      <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Commercial and financial                 $    152,097    $    109,647    $     83,385    $     70,282    $     72,171
Agricultural                                   39,878          34,840          29,694          36,567          41,882
Real estate - construction                     24,650          14,046          13,228           8,439          13,117
Real estate - mortgage, farmland               63,533          57,253          59,018          56,595          55,245
Real estate - mortgage, commercial            225,470         160,456         150,075         123,854         108,339
Real estate - mortgage, residential           202,447         128,614         117,936         114,930         127,767
Consumer installment loans                     91,557          76,076          59,529          65,307          68,959
Other                                           5,444           6,449          17,360           1,220           2,764
                                         -------------   -------------   -------------   -------------   -------------
                                              805,076         587,381         530,225         477,194         490,244
Less reserve for possible loan losses          14,944           9,832           9,895          10,192           7,627
                                         -------------   -------------   -------------   -------------   -------------
  Loans, net                             $    790,132    $    577,549    $    520,330    $    467,002    $    482,617
                                         =============   =============   =============   =============   =============
</TABLE>

MATURITIES AND SENSITIVITY TO CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES

         Total loans as of December 31, 2001 are shown in the following table
according to maturity or repricing opportunities (1) one year or less, (2) after
one year through five years, and (3) after five years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                           (Dollars in
                                                                                                            Thousands)
                                                                                                          ---------------
<S>                                                                                                       <C>
Maturity or Repricing Within:
   One year or less                                                                                       $      486,444
   After one year through five years                                                                             305,301
   After five years                                                                                               13,331
                                                                                                          ---------------
                                                                                                          $      805,076
                                                                                                          ===============
</TABLE>

         The following table summarizes loans at December 31, 2001 with the due
dates after one year which (1) have predetermined interest rates and (2) have
floating or adjustable interest rates.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      (Dollars in
                                                                                                       Thousands)
                                                                                                     ---------------

<S>                                                                                                  <C>
Predetermined interest rates                                                                         $      313,238
Floating or adjustable interest rates                                                                         5,394
                                                                                                     ---------------
                                                                                                     $      318,632
                                                                                                     ===============
</TABLE>

         Records were not available to present the above information in each
category listed in the first paragraph above and could not be reconstructed
without undue burden.

                                      30

<PAGE>

NONPERFORMING LOANS

         A loan is placed on nonaccrual status when, in management's judgment,
the collection of the interest income appears doubtful. Interest receivable that
has been accrued in prior years and is subsequently determined to have doubtful
collectibility is charged to the allowance for possible loan losses. Interest on
loans that are classified as nonaccrual is recognized when received. Past due
loans are loans whose principal or interest is past due 90 days or more. In some
cases, where borrowers are experiencing financial difficulties, loans may be
restructured to provide terms significantly different from the original
contractual terms.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  December 31,
                                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           2001            2000         1999           1998          1997
                                                      -------------    -----------   ----------    ------------   ----------
                                                                             (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                   <C>              <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>
Loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis             $     11,958     $    4,863    $   5,551     $     8,767    $  10,101

Installment loans and term loans contractually                 691             81           48              94           59
   past due ninety days or more as to interest
   or principal payments and still accruing

Loans, the terms of which have been renegotiated               -               -            -               -            -
   to provide a reduction or deferral of interest
   or principal because of deterioration in the
   financial position of the borrower

Loans now current about which there are serious                -               -            -               -            -
   doubts as to the ability of the borrower to
   comply with present loan repayment terms
</TABLE>

         In the opinion of management, any loans classified by regulatory
authorities as doubtful, substandard or special mention that have not been
disclosed above do not (i) represent or result from trends or uncertainties
which management reasonably expects will materially impact future operating
results, liquidity or capital resources, or (ii) represent material credits
about which management is aware of any information which causes management to
have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the loan
repayment terms. Any loans classified by regulatory authorities as loss have
been charged off.

                                      31

<PAGE>

                         SUMMARY OF LOAN LOSS EXPERIENCE

         The provision for possible loan losses is created by direct charges to
operations. Losses on loans are charged against the allowance in the period in
which such loans, in management's opinion, become uncollectible. Recoveries
during the period are credited to this allowance. The factors that influence
management's judgment in determining the amount charged to operating expense are
past loan experience, composition of the loan portfolio, evaluation of possible
future losses, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. Our
allowance for loan losses was approximately $14,944,000 at December 31, 2001,
representing 1.86% of year end total loans outstanding, compared with $9,832,000
at December 31, 2000, which represented 1.67% of year end total loans
outstanding. The allowance for loan losses is reviewed quarterly based on
management's evaluation of current risk characteristics of the loan portfolio,
as well as the impact of prevailing and expected economic business conditions.
Management considers the allowance for loan losses adequate to cover possible
loan losses on the loans outstanding.

ALLOCATION OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES

         The following table sets forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan
losses by loan category for the periods indicated. Management believes the
allowance can be allocated only on an approximate basis. The allocation of the
allowance to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses and
does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in any other
category.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    At December 31,
                        ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               2001                 2000                 1999                  1998
                        --------------------  ---------------------  --------------------  -----------------------
                                  Percent of             Percent of            Percent of             Percent of
                                   Loans in               Loans in              Loans in               Loans in
                                   Category               Category              Category               Category
                                   to Total               to Total              to Total               to Total
                         Amount      Loans     Amount       Loans     Amount      Loans      Amount      Loans
                        --------  ----------  ---------  ----------  --------  ----------  ---------  -----------
                                                                 (Dollars in Thousands)
                        -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                     <C>          <C>      <C>           <C>      <C>          <C>      <C>          <C>
Commercial, financial,
   industrial and
   agricultural         $ 6,009       24 %    $  2,981       25 %    $ 2,904       22 %    $  3,047      22 %
Real estate               2,825       64         2,925       61        3,213       64         3,404      64
Consumer                  3,420       12         2,156       14        1,997       14         1,906      14
Unallocated               2,690       -          1,770        -        1,781        -         1,835       -
                        --------  ----------  ---------  ----------  --------  ----------  ---------  -----------
                        $14,944      100 %    $  9,832      100 %    $ 9,895      100 %    $ 10,192     100 %
                        ========  ==========  =========  ==========  ========  ==========  =========  ===========

<CAPTION>
-------------------------------------------------
                              1997
                          -----------------------
                                      Percent of
                                       Loans in
                                       Category
                                       to Total
                           Amount        Loans
                          ----------  -----------

-------------------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>              <C>
Commercial, financial,
   industrial and
   agricultural           $   1,792        23 %
Real estate                   3,274        62
Consumer                      1,112        15
Unallocated                   1,449         -
                          ----------  ----------
                          $   7,627       100 %
                          ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

                                      32

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  December 31,
                                                  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      2001            2000            1999            1998            1997
                                                  ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                                            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                               <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Average amount of loans outstanding               $  698,292       $   570,526     $    505,941    $    495,421    $   475,047
                                                  ============     =============   =============   =============   ============

Balance of reserve for possible loan
   losses at beginning of period                  $    9,832       $     9,895     $     10,192    $      7,627    $     7,273
                                                  ------------     -------------   -------------   -------------   ------------

Charge-offs:
   Commercial, financial and
      agricultural                                    (3,534)           (1,077)          (1,383)         (1,456)          (759)
   Real estate                                          (626)             (249)            (933)         (1,252)        (1,981)
   Consumer                                           (1,328)           (1,268)          (1,417)         (1,322)          (383)
Recoveries:
   Commercial, financial and
      agricultural                                       203               302               434             276            168
   Real estate                                           546               146               263             365            512
   Consumer                                              361               371               585             449             66
                                                  ------------     -------------   -------------   -------------   ------------
      Net charge-offs                                 (4,378)           (1,775)          (2,451)         (2,940)        (2,377)
                                                  ------------     -------------   -------------   -------------   ------------

Additions to reserve charged to
   operating expenses                                   4,566            1,712             2,154           5,505          2,731
                                                  ------------     -------------   -------------   -------------   ------------

Allowance for loan losses of
   acquired subsidiary                                  4,924                -                 -               -              -
                                                  ------------     -------------   -------------   -------------   ------------

   Balance of reserve for possible
      loan losses at end of period                $    14,944      $     9,832     $       9,895   $      10,192   $      7,627
                                                  ============     =============   =============   =============   ============

Ratio of net loan charge-offs
   to average loans                                      .63%             .31%              .48%            .59%           .50%
                                                  ============     =============   =============   =============   ============
</TABLE>

                                      33

<PAGE>

                                   DEPOSITS

         Average amount of deposits and average rate paid thereon, classified as
to noninterest-bearing demand deposits, interest-bearing demand and savings
deposits and time deposits, for the periods indicated are presented below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              2001                           2000
                                                                  -----------------------------  -----------------------------
                                                                       Amount         Rate            Amount         Rate
                                                                  ---------------  ------------  ---------------  ------------
                                                                                    (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                               <C>                  <C>       <C>                  <C>
Noninterest-bearing demand deposits                               $       97,981        -   %    $       88,390         - %
Interest-bearing demand and savings deposits                             230,476       2.33             194,895       2.61
Time deposits                                                            452,407       5.54             370,707       5.84
                                                                  ---------------                ---------------
              Total deposits                                      $      780,864                 $      653,992
                                                                  ===============                ===============
</TABLE>

         We have a large, stable base of time deposits with little or no
dependence on volatile deposits of $100,000 or more. The time deposits are
principally certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts obtained
for individual customers.

         The amounts of time certificates of deposit issued in amounts of
$100,000 or more as of December 31, 2001, are shown below by category, which is
based on time remaining until maturity of (1) three months or less, (2) over
three through twelve months and (3) over twelve months.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                    (Dollars in
                                                                                                     Thousands)
                                                                                                   ---------------

<S>                                                                                                <C>
Three months or less                                                                               $       50,944
Over three through twelve months                                                                           89,417
Over twelve months                                                                                         16,201
                                                                                                   ---------------
Total                                                                                              $      156,562
                                                                                                   ===============
</TABLE>

                                      34

<PAGE>

                    RETURN ON ASSETS AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

         The following rate of return information for the periods indicated is
presented below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                        -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             2001               2000                1999
                                                                        ----------------   ----------------    ----------------

<S>                                                                            <C>                <C>                <C>
Return on assets (1)                                                            1.00 %             1.27 %             1.23 %

Return on equity (2)                                                           10.30              13.19              11.93

Dividends payout ratio (3)                                                     45.71              38.66              33.98

Equity to assets ratio (4)                                                      9.74               9.59              10.29
</TABLE>

(1)      Net income divided by average total assets.
(2)      Net income divided by average equity.
(3)      Dividends declared per share divided by net income per share.
(4)      Average equity divided by average total assets.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         Liquidity management involves the matching of the cash flow
requirements of customers, who may be either depositors desiring to withdraw
funds or borrowers needing assurance that sufficient funds will be available to
meet their credit needs, and the ability of ABC and our Banks to meet those
needs. ABC and our Banks seek to meet liquidity requirements primarily through
management of short-term investments (principally interest-bearing deposits in
banks) and monthly amortizing loans. Another source of liquidity is the
repayment of maturing single payment loans. In addition, our Banks maintain
relationships with correspondent banks which could provide funds to them on
short notice, if needed.

         The liquidity and capital resources of ABC and our Banks are monitored
on a periodic basis by state and federal regulatory authorities. At December 31,
2001, the Banks' short-term investments were adequate to cover any reasonable
anticipated immediate need for funds. During 2001, we increased our capital by
retaining net earnings of $5,173,000 after payment of dividends. We also
increased our capital resources by adding $17,356,000 from the issuance of our
common stock in connection with business acquisitions consummated in 2001. After
recording an increase in capital of $349,000 for unrealized gains on securities
available for sale, net of taxes, an increase of $602,000 for restricted stock
transactions, and an increase of $12,000 for the exercise of stock options,
total capital increased $23,492,000 during 2001. At December 31, 2001, total
capital of ABC amounted to $104,148,000. We are aware of no events or trends
likely to result in a material change in our liquidity.

         At December 31, 2001, we had binding commitments for capital
expenditures of approximately $750,000.

         In accordance with risk capital guidelines issued by the Federal
Reserve Board, we are required to maintain a minimum standard of total capital
to risk-weighted assets of 8%. Additionally, all member banks must maintain
"core" or "Tier 1" capital of at least 4% of total assets ("leverage ratio").
Member banks operating at or near the 4% capital level are expected to have
well-diversified risks, including no undue interest rate risk exposure,
excellent control systems, good earnings, high asset quality, and well managed
on- and off-balance sheet activities; and, in general, be considered strong
banking organizations with a composite 1 rating under the CAMEL rating system of
banks. For all but the most highly rated banks meeting the above conditions, the
minimum leverage ratio is to be 4% plus an additional 100 to 200 basis points.

                 The following table summarizes the regulatory capital levels
of our Company at December 31, 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Actual                     Required                     Excess
                               -------------------------   -------------------------   -------------------------
                                 Amount       Percent         Amount      Percent         Amount      Percent
                               -----------  ------------   -----------  ------------   -------------------------
                                                            (Dollars in Thousands)
                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                            <C>             <C>         <C>              <C>        <C>               <C>
Leverage capital               $  103,506       9.26 %     $   43,874       4.00 %     $   59,632        5.26 %
Risk-based capital:
Core capital                      103,506      12.70           32,633       4.00           70,943        8.70
Total capital                     122,372      15.02           65,266       8.00           57,466        7.02
</TABLE>

         Each Bank also met its individual regulatory capital requirements at
December 31, 2001.

                                      35

<PAGE>

COMMITMENTS AND LINES OF CREDIT

         In the ordinary course of business, the Banks have granted
commitments to extend credit to approved customers. Generally, these
commitments to extend credit have been granted on a temporary basis
for seasonal or inventory requirements and have been approved by the
Banks' Board of Directors. The Banks have also granted commitments to
approved customers for standby letters of credit. These commitments
are recorded in the financial statements when funds are disbursed or
the financial instruments become payable. The Banks use the same
credit policies for these off balance sheet commitments as they do
for financial instruments that are recorded in the consolidated
financial statements. Commitments generally have fixed expiration
dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.
Since many of the commitment amounts expire without being drawn upon,
the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash
requirements.

         Following is a summary of the commitments outstanding at
December 31, 2001 and 2000.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       2001              2000
                                                                                 ---------------   ---------------
                                                                                      (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                                 ---------------------------------

<S>                                                                              <C>               <C>
Commitments to extend credit                                                     $      114,631    $       75,007
Credit card commitments                                                                  13,775            10,471
Standby letters of credit                                                                 3,405             5,179
                                                                                 ---------------   ---------------
                                                                                 $      131,811    $       90,657
                                                                                 ===============   ===============
</TABLE>

IMPACT OF INFLATION

         The consolidated financial statements and related
consolidated financial data presented herein have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
practices within the banking industry which require the measurement
of financial position and operating results in terms of historical
dollars without considering the changes in the relative purchasing
power of money over time due to inflation. Unlike most industrial
companies, virtually all the assets and liabilities of a financial
institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have
a more significant impact on a financial institution's performance
than the effects of general levels of inflation.

                                      36

<PAGE>

ITEM 8.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

            The following consolidated financial statements of the
Company and its subsidiaries are included on pages F-1 through F-35
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

            Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2001 and 2000

            Consolidated Statements of Income - Years ended December
31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

            Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

            Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

            Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended
December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

ITEM 9.     DISAGREEMENT ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

            During 2001 and 2000, the Company did not change its
accountants and there was no disagreement on any matter of accounting
principles or practices for financial statement disclosure that would
have required the filing of a current report on Form 8-K.

                                      37

<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL
            PERSONS, COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

            The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference to the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation
14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report ("ABC's Proxy Statement").

            Information concerning the Company's executive officers
is included in Item 4.5 of Part I of this Annual Report.

ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

            The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference to ABC's Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

            The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference to ABC's Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

            The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference to ABC's Proxy Statement.

                                      38

<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

Item 13(a) 1., 2. and 3.

       (a)  The following documents are filed as part of this report:

            1.   Financial statements:

                      (a)     ABC Bancorp and Subsidiaries:

                              (i)    Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31,
                                     2001 and 2000

                              (ii)   Consolidated Statements of Income - Years
                                     ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

                              (iii)  Consolidated Statements of
                                     Comprehensive Income - Years ended
                                     December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

                              (iv)   Consolidated Statements of
                                     Stockholders' Equity - Years ended
                                     December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

                              (v)    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -
                                     Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and
                                     1999

                              (vi)   Notes to Consolidated Financial
                                     Statements

                      (b)     ABC Bancorp (Parent Company Only):

                              Parent Company only financial information has been
                              included in Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated
                              financial statements.

            2.   Financial statement schedules:

                      All schedules are omitted as the required information is
                      inapplicable or the information is presented in the
                      financial statements or related notes.

            3.   Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:

       (b)  ABC has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 29, 2001,
            concerning the execution and delivery of a Purchase and Assumption
            Agreement between ABC's wholly-owned subsidiary, Merchants &
            Farmers Bank, and Security Bank and Trust Company of Albany. The
            Current Report on Form 8-K was filed under Item 5 of Form 8-K, and
            no financial information concerning ABC was required to be filed
            therewith.

            ABC has also filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 5,
            2001, concerning the execution and delivery of an Underwriting
            Agreement among ABC, ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I, Sterne, Agee &
            Leach, Inc. and Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. The Current Report on
            Form 8-K was filed under Item 5 of Form 8-K, and no financial
            information concerning ABC was required to be filed therewith.

                                      39

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                             Description
-----------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   <S>         <C>
   3.1         Articles of Incorporation of ABC, as amended (incorporated by reference Exhibit
               2.1 to ABC's Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 24A-2630) filed
               August 14, 1987).

   3.2         Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation dated May 26, 1995 (incorporated
               by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to ABC's Form 10-K filed March 28, 1996).

   3.3         Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to ABC's
               Registration on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-08301), filed with the Commission on
               July 17, 1996 and incorporated herein by reference).

   3.4         Bylaws of ABC, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to ABC's
               Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 24A-2630) filed August 14,
               1987.

   3.5         Form of Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit 3.5 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901),
               filed with the Commission on March 25, 1998).

   3.6         Form of Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to ABC's
               Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on
               March 25, 1998).

   3.7         Form of Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit 3.7 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901),
               filed with the Commission on March 26, 1999).

   3.8         Form of Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to ABC's
               Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on
               March 26, 1999).

   4.1         Form of Indenture for Subordinated Debentures (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               4.1 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-69140), filed with
               the Commission on November 2, 2001).

   4.2         Form of Subordinated Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit
               4.1 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-69140), filed with
               the Commission on November 2, 2001).

   4.3         Certificate of Trust of ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I (incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 4.3 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-69140), filed
               with the Commission on September 7, 2001).

   4.4         Trust Agreement of ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I (incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 4.4 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-69140), filed
               with the Commission on September 7, 2001).

   4.5         Form of Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I
               (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-
               3/A (File No. 333-69140), filed with the Commission on November 2, 2001).

   4.6         Form of ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I Preferred Securities Certificate (incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit D to Exhibit 4.5 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A
               (File No. 333-69140), filed with the Commission on November 2, 2001).
</TABLE>

                                      40

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                             Description
-----------    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>            <C>
4.7            Form of Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement (incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 4.7 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-69140),
               filed with the Commission on November 2, 2001).

4.8            Form of Agreement as to Expenses and Liabilities of ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I
               (incorporated by reference to Exhibit C to Exhibit 4.5 to ABC's Registration Statement
               on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-69140), filed with the Commission on November 2,
               2001).

10.1           1985 Incentive Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 5.1 to ABC's Regulation A
               Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 24A-2630), filed with the Commission on
               August 14, 1987 and incorporated herein by reference).

10.2           Incentive Stock Option Agreement with Kenneth J. Hunnicutt dated October 17, 1985
               (filed as Exhibit 5.2 to ABC's Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No.
               24A-2630), filed with the Commission on August 14, 1987 and incorporated herein by
               reference).

10.3           Deferred Compensation Agreement for Kenneth J. Hunnicutt dated December 16,
               1986 (filed as Exhibit 5.3 to ABC's Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A
               (File No. 24A-2630), filed with the Commission on August 14, 1987 and incorporated
               herein by reference).

10.4           Executive Salary Continuation Agreement dated February 14, 1984 (filed as Exhibit
               10.6 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB (File Number 2-71257), filed with the
               Commission on March 27, 1989 and incorporated herein by reference).

10.5           1992 Incentive Stock Option Plan and Option Agreement for K. J. Hunnicutt (filed as
               Exhibit 10.7 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB (File Number 0-16181), filed
               with the Commission on March 30, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).

10.6           Executive Employment Agreement with Kenneth J. Hunnicutt dated September 20,
               1994 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB (File Number 0-
               016181), filed with the Commission on March 30, 1995 and incorporated herein by
               reference).

10.7           Form of Omnibus Stock Ownership and Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit 10.17 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-
               13901), filed with the Commission on March 25, 1998).

10.8           Form of Rights Agreement between ABC Bancorp and SunTrust Bank dated as of
               February 17, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to ABC's Annual
               Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on March 25,
               1998).

10.9           ABC Bancorp 2000 Officer/Director Stock Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 10.19 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with
               the Commission on March 29, 2000)

10.10          Executive Employment Agreement with Mark D. Thomas dated as of July 12, 1999
               (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.19 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K
               (File No. 001-13901) filed with the Commission on March 29, 2001).
</TABLE>

                                      41

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                             Description
-----------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>            <C>
10.11          Form of Severance Protection Agreement between ABC and certain of ABC's other
               executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to ABC's Annual Report
               on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on March 29, 2001).

10.12          Executive Employment Agreement with W. Edwin Lane, Jr. dated as of August 21,
               2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to ABC's Quarterly Report on Form
               10-Q (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on October 19, 2001).

10.13          Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among ABC, Tri-County Bank and Tri-County
               Merger Sub, Inc. dated as of November 28, 2000, as amended by Amendment No. 1
               thereto dated as of January 26, 2001, and by Amendment No. 2 thereto dated as of
               February 20, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to ABC's Annual Report
               on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on March 29, 2001).

10.14          Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between ABC and Golden Isles Financial
               Holdings,Inc. dated as of February 20, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
               to ABC's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 23,
               2001 and incorporated herein by reference).

21.1           Schedule of subsidiaries of ABC Bancorp.

24.1           Power of Attorney relating to this Form 10-K is set forth on the signature pages of this
               Form 10-K.
</TABLE>

                                      42

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES
                                   ----------

            Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

                                                                    ABC BANCORP

<TABLE>
<S>                                <C>
Date:          3/19/02
      --------------------------      By: /s/ Kenneth J. Hunnicutt
                                          -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          Kenneth J. Hunnicutt, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of the Board

Date:          3/19/02
      --------------------------      By: /s/ Mark D. Thomas
                                          -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          Mark D. Thomas, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director

Date:          3/19/02
      --------------------------      By: /s/ W. Edwin Lane, Jr.
                                          -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          W. Edwin Lane, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

            KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Kenneth J. Hunnicutt
as his attorney-in-fact, acting with full power of substitution for
him in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign
any amendments to this Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits
thereto, and any other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and hereby ratifies and confirms
all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may
do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.

            Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this
Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>
Date:          3/19/02                   /s/ Kenneth J. Hunnicutt
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Kenneth J. Hunnicutt, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of the Board

Date:          3/19/02                   /s/ Mark D. Thomas
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Mark D. Thomas, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director

Date:          3/19/02                   /s/ W. Edwin Lane, Jr.
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         W. Edwin Lane, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Date:
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Johnny W. Floyd, Director

Date:          3/19/02                   /s/ J. Raymond Fulp
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         J. Raymond Fulp, Director

Date:          3/19/02                   /s/ Daniel B. Jeter
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Daniel B. Jeter, Director
</TABLE>

                                      43

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>
Date:
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Robert P. Lynch, Director

Date:           3/19/02                  /s/ Eugene M. Vereen, Jr.
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Eugene M. Vereen, Jr., Director

Date:           3/19/02                  /s/ Doyle Weltzbarker
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Doyle Weltzbarker, Director

Date:           3/19/02                  /s/ J. Thomas Whelchel
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         J. Thomas Whelchel, Director

Date:           3/19/02                  /s/ Henry Wortman
       --------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Henry Wortman, Director
</TABLE>

                                      44

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                                    Description
-----------           --------------------------------------------------------------------

   <S>                <C>
   3.1                Articles of Incorporation of ABC, as amended (incorporated by reference
                      to Exhibit 2.1 to ABC's Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A
                      (File No. 24A-2630) filed August 14, 1987).

   3.2                Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation dated May  26, 1995
                      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  3.1.1 to ABC's Form 10-K filed
                      March 28, 1996).

   3.3                Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation (filed as
                      Exhibit 4.3 to ABC's Registration on Form S-4 (Registration No.
                      333-08301), filed with the Commission on July 17, 1996 and
                      incorporated herein by reference).

   3.4                Bylaws of ABC, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to
                      ABC's Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 24A-2630)
                      filed August 14, 1987.

   3.5                Form of Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
                      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to ABC's Annual Report on
                      Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on March
                      25, 1998).

   3.6                Form of Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to
                      ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the
                      Commission on March 25, 1998).

   3.7                Form of Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
                      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to ABC's Annual Report on
                      Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on March
                      26, 1999).

   3.8                Form of Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to
                      ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the
                      Commission on March 26, 1999).

   4.1                Form of Indenture for Subordinated Debentures (incorporated by reference
                      to Exhibit  4.1 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No.
                      333-69140), filed with the Commission on November 2, 2001).

   4.2                Form of Subordinated Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A
                      to Exhibit  4.1 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No.
                      333-69140), filed with the Commission on November 2, 2001).

   4.3                Certificate of Trust of ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I (incorporated by
                      reference to Exhibit  4.3 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3
                      (File No. 333-69140), filed with the Commission on September 7, 2001).

   4.4                Trust Agreement of ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I (incorporated by
                      reference to Exhibit  4.4 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3
                      (File No. 333-69140), filed with the Commission on September 7, 2001).

   4.5                Form of Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of ABC Bancorp
                      Capital Trust I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to ABC's
                      Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-69140), filed with
                      the Commission on November 2, 2001).

   4.6                Form of ABC Bancorp Capital Trust I Preferred Securities Certificate
                      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit D to Exhibit  4.5  to ABC's
                      Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-69140), filed with
                      the Commission on November 2, 2001).
</TABLE>

                                      45

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                                    Description
-----------           --------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                   <C>
4.7                   Form of Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement (incorporated by
                      reference to Exhibit 4.7 to ABC's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A
                      (File No. 333-69140), filed with the Commission on November 2, 2001).

4.8                   Form of Agreement as to Expenses and Liabilities of ABC Bancorp Capital
                      Trust I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit C to Exhibit 4.5 to ABC's
                      Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-69140), filed with
                      the Commission on November 2, 2001).

10.1                  1985  Incentive Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit  5.1  to ABC's
                      Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 24A-2630), filed
                      with the Commission on August 14, 1987 and incorporated herein by
                      reference).

10.2                  Incentive Stock Option Agreement with Kenneth J. Hunnicutt dated
                      October 17, 1985 (filed as Exhibit 5.2 to ABC's Regulation A Offering
                      Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 24A-2630), filed with the Commission
                      on August 14, 1987 and incorporated herein by reference).

10.3                  Deferred Compensation Agreement for Kenneth J. Hunnicutt dated
                      December 16, 1986 (filed as Exhibit 5.3 to ABC's Regulation A
                      Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 24A-2630), filed with the
                      Commission on August 14, 1987 and incorporated herein by reference).

10.4                  Executive Salary Continuation Agreement dated February 14, 1984
                      (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB (File
                      Number 2-71257), filed with the Commission on March 27, 1989 and
                      incorporated herein by reference).

10.5                  1992  Incentive Stock Option Plan and Option Agreement for K. J.
                      Hunnicutt  (filed as Exhibit  10.7 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
                      (File Number 0-16181), filed with the Commission on March 30, 1993 and
                      incorporated herein by reference).

10.6                  Executive Employment Agreement with Kenneth J. Hunnicutt dated
                      September 20, 1994 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to ABC's Annual Report on
                      Form 10-KSB (File Number 0-016181), filed with the Commission on
                      March 30, 1995 and incorporated herein by reference).

10.7                  Form of Omnibus Stock Ownership and Long-Term Incentive Plan
                      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.17 to ABC's Annual Report on
                      Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the Commission on March 25,
                      1998).

10.8                  Form of Rights Agreement between ABC Bancorp and SunTrust Bank dated as
                      of February  17, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.18 to
                      ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the
                      Commission on March 25, 1998).

10.9                  ABC Bancorp 2000 Officer/Director Stock Bonus Plan  (incorporated by
                      reference to Exhibit  10.19 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No.
                      001-13901), filed with the Commission on March 29, 2000).

10.10                 Executive Employment Agreement with Mark D. Thomas dated as of July 12,
                      1999  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.19 to ABC's Annual Report
                      on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901)  filed with the Commission on March 29,
                      2001).
</TABLE>

                                      46

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                                    Description
-----------           --------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                   <C>
10.11                 Form of Severance Protection Agreement between ABC and certain of ABC's
                      other executive officers  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to
                      ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901), filed with the
                      Commission on March 29, 2001).

10.12                 Executive Employment Agreement with W. Edwin Lane, Jr. dated as of
                      August 21, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to ABC's
                      Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  (File No. 001-13901), filed with the
                      Commission on October 19, 2001).

10.13                 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among ABC, Tri-County Bank and
                      Tri-County Merger Sub, Inc. dated as of November 28, 2000, as amended by
                      Amendment No. 1 thereto dated as of January 26, 2001, and by Amendment
                      No. 2 thereto dated as of February  20, 2001  (incorporated by reference
                      to Exhibit 2.1 to ABC's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-13901),
                      filed with the Commission on March 29, 2001).

10.14                 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between ABC and Golden Isles
                      Financial Holdings, Inc. dated as of February 20, 2001  (incorporated by
                      reference to Exhibit 2.1 to ABC's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
                      the Commission on February 23, 2001 and incorporated herein by
                      reference).

21.1                  Schedule of subsidiaries of ABC Bancorp.

24.1                  Power of Attorney relating to this Form 10-K is set forth on the
                      signature pages of this Form 10-K.
</TABLE>

                                      47

<PAGE>


                                 ABC BANCORP

                   INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES

Consolidated financial statements:

    Independent Auditor's Report
    Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2001 and 2000
    Consolidated Statements of Income - Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and
    1999
    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years ended December
    31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Years ended December
    31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2001,
    2000 and 1999
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

All schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the
information is presented in the financial statements or related notes.

                                      F-1

<PAGE>

                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Board of Directors
ABC Bancorp
Moultrie, Georgia

                  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of ABC Bancorp and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the
related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders'
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2001. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

                  We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

                  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of ABC
Bancorp and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Albany, Georgia
February 7, 2002
                                               /s/ Mauldin & Jenkins, LLC

                                      F-2

<PAGE>

                         ABC BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES

                         CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                         DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000
                           (Dollars in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Assets                                                                                                2001           2000
------                                                                                          ---------------- -------------
<S>                                                                                             <C>              <C>
Cash and due from banks                                                                         $         51,303 $      38,411
Interest-bearing deposits in banks                                                                       106,172         4,952
Securities available for sale, at fair value                                                             156,835       162,105
Federal funds sold                                                                                            44             -

Loans                                                                                                    805,076       587,381
Less allowance for loan losses                                                                            14,944         9,832
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------
      Loans, net                                                                                         790,132       577,549
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------

Premises and equipment, net                                                                               26,821        19,703
Intangible assets                                                                                          6,074           355
Goodwill                                                                                                  19,240         6,477
Other assets                                                                                              20,265        16,645
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------

                                                                                                $      1,176,886 $     826,197
                                                                                                ================ =============

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
------------------------------------

Deposits
  Noninterest-bearing                                                                           $        125,522 $      94,917
  Interest-bearing                                                                                       805,634       584,968
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------
      Total deposits                                                                                     931,156       679,885
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                 3,792         2,653
Other borrowings                                                                                          95,293        55,350
Other liabilities                                                                                          7,997         7,653
Trust preferred securities                                                                                34,500             -
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------
      Total liabilities                                                                                1,072,738       745,541
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders' equity
  Common stock, par value $1; 30,000,000 shares authorized;
      10,790,369 and 9,137,990 shares issued                                                              10,790         9,138
  Capital surplus                                                                                         45,616        29,237
  Retained earnings                                                                                       53,584        48,411
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                   1,034           685
  Unearned compensation                                                                                    (656)         (595)
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------
                                                                                                         110,368        86,876
  Less cost of 790,982 shares acquired for the treasury                                                  (6,220)       (6,220)
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------
      Total stockholders' equity                                                                         104,148        80,656
                                                                                                ---------------- -------------

                                                                                                $      1,176,886 $     826,197
                                                                                                ================ =============
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                      F-3

<PAGE>

                         ABC BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                           (Dollars in Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      2001            2000           1999
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------
<S>                                                                               <C>             <C>            <C>
Interest income
  Interest and fees on loans                                                      $       65,157  $      58,328  $       50,603
  Interest on taxable securities                                                           9,072          8,750           7,488
  Interest on nontaxable securities                                                          869            959           1,086
  Interest on deposits in other banks                                                        943            939             814
  Interest on federal funds sold                                                              49              -               -
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------
                                                                                          76,090         68,976          59,991
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------

Interest expense
  Interest on deposits                                                                    30,480         26,753          22,424
  Interest on other borrowings                                                             4,424          4,052           1,976
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------
                                                                                          34,904         30,805          24,400
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------

      Net interest income                                                                 41,186         38,171          35,591
Provision for loan losses                                                                  4,566          1,712           2,154
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------
      Net interest income after provision for
        loan losses                                                                       36,620         36,459          33,437
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------

Other income
  Service charges on deposit accounts                                                      7,721          6,393           5,696
  Other service charges, commissions and fees                                                823            622             423
  Mortgage origination fees                                                                  896            405             788
  Gain (loss) on sale of securities                                                        1,253              -            (91)
  Other                                                                                    1,032            795             936
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------
                                                                                          11,725          8,215           7,752
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------

Other expenses
  Salaries and employee benefits                                                          18,166         16,420          14,886
  Equipment expense                                                                        2,817          2,484           2,348
  Occupancy expense                                                                        1,951          1,854           1,843
  Amortization of intangible assets                                                        1,185            804             804
  Data processing fees                                                                     1,250          1,147             691
  Other operating expenses                                                                 8,651          7,524           7,370
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------
                                                                                          34,020         30,233          27,942
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------

      Income before income taxes                                                          14,325         14,441          13,247

Applicable income taxes                                                                    4,692          4,343           4,291
                                                                                  --------------  -------------  --------------

      Net income                                                                  $        9,633  $      10,098  $        8,956
                                                                                  ==============  =============  ==============

Basic earnings per common share                                                   $         1.05  $        1.19  $         1.03
                                                                                  ==============  =============  ==============

Diluted earnings per common share                                                 $         1.04  $        1.19  $         1.03
                                                                                  ==============  =============  ==============
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                      F-4

<PAGE>

                         ABC BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                           (Dollars in Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            2001         2000          1999
                                                                                         ----------  ------------  ------------

<S>                                                                                      <C>         <C>           <C>
Net income                                                                               $    9,633  $     10,098  $      8,956
                                                                                         ----------  ------------  ------------

Other comprehensive income (loss):
  Net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period,
      net of tax (benefits) of $606, $1,129 and $(973)                                        1,176         2,192       (1,889)
  Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net
      income, net of (tax) benefit of $(426 ), $--  and $31                                   (827)             -            60
                                                                                         ----------  ------------  ------------
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                         349         2,192       (1,829)
                                                                                         ----------  ------------  ------------

Comprehensive income                                                                     $    9,982  $     12,290  $      7,127
                                                                                         ==========  ============  ============
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                      F-5

<PAGE>

                         ABC BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                            (Dollars in Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Common Stock              Capital
                                                                                 ------------------------------
                                                                                       Shares        Par Value     Surplus
                                                                                 ---------------- ------------- ------------

<S>                                                                                   <C>         <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998                                                             7,524,718  $      7,525  $     29,677
  Net income                                                                                   -             -             -
  Cash dividends declared, $.35 per share                                                      -             -             -
  Six-for-five stock split                                                             1,516,142         1,516       (1,516)
  Issuance of restricted shares of common stock
      under employee incentive plan                                                       57,830            58           693
  Amortization of unearned compensation,
      net of forfeitures                                                                       -             -             -
  Repurchase of shares for treasury                                                            -             -             -
  Other comprehensive loss                                                                     -             -             -
                                                                                 ---------------- ------------- ------------
Balance, December 31, 1999                                                             9,098,690         9,099        28,854
  Net income                                                                                   -             -             -
  Cash dividends declared, $.46 per share                                                      -             -             -
  Issuance of restricted shares of common stock
      under employee incentive plan                                                       39,300            39           383
  Amortization of unearned compensation,
      net of forfeitures                                                                       -             -             -
  Repurchase of shares for treasury                                                            -             -             -
  Other comprehensive income                                                                   -             -             -
                                                                                 ---------------- ------------- ------------
Balance, December 31, 2000                                                             9,137,990         9,138        29,237
  Net income                                                                                   -             -             -
  Cash dividends declared, $.48 per share                                                      -             -             -
  Adjustments to record acquisition of purchased subsidiaries                          1,588,347         1,588        15,768
  Issuance of restricted shares of common stock
      under employee incentive plan                                                       62,800            63           600
  Amortization of unearned compensation,
      net of forfeitures                                                                       -             -             -
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                  1,232             1            11
  Other comprehensive income                                                                   -             -             -
                                                                                 ---------------- ------------- ------------
Balance, December 31, 2001                                                            10,790,369  $     10,790  $     45,616
                                                                                 ================ ============= ============
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                      F-6(a)

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        Accumulated
                           Other
                        Comprehensive                                 Treasury Stock
     Retained             Income              Unearned       ---------------------------------
     Earnings             (Loss)            Compensation         Shares             Cost              Total
------------------  -------------------  ------------------  -------------    ----------------   --------------

<S>                 <C>                  <C>                       <C>        <C>                <C>
$           36,280  $               322  $                -        305,153    $        (1,970)   $       71,834
             8,956                    -                   -              -                   -            8,956
           (3,048)                    -                   -              -                   -          (3,048)
                 -                    -                   -         62,470                   -                -

                 -                    -               (751)              -                   -                -

                 -                    -                 191              -                   -              191
                 -                    -                   -          7,200                (88)             (88)
                 -              (1,829)                   -              -                   -          (1,829)
------------------  -------------------  ------------------  -------------    ----------------   --------------
            42,188              (1,507)               (560)        374,823             (2,058)           76,016
            10,098                    -                   -              -                   -           10,098
           (3,875)                    -                   -              -                   -          (3,875)

                 -                    -               (422)              -                   -                -

                 -                    -                 387              -                   -              387
                 -                    -                   -        416,159             (4,162)          (4,162)
                 -                2,192                   -              -                   -            2,192
------------------  -------------------  ------------------  -------------    ----------------   --------------
            48,411                  685               (595)        790,982             (6,220)           80,656
             9,633                    -                   -              -                   -            9,633
           (4,460)                    -                   -              -                   -          (4,460)
                 -                    -                   -              -                   -           17,356

                 -                    -               (663)              -                   -                -

                 -                    -                 602              -                   -              602
                 -                    -                   -              -                   -               12
                 -                  349                   -              -                   -              349
------------------  -------------------  ------------------  -------------    ----------------   --------------
$           53,584  $             1,034  $            (656)        790,982    $        (6,220)   $      104,148
==================  ===================  ==================  =============    ================   ==============
</TABLE>

                                      F-6(b)

<PAGE>

                              ABC BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                              (Dollars in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          2001         2000          1999
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
<S>                                                                                   <C>          <C>          <C>
    Net income                                                                        $      9,633 $     10,098 $       8,956
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------
    Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
        provided by operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                                                        2,438        2,189         1,988
        Amortization of intangible assets                                                    1,185          804           804
        Amortization of unearned compensation                                                  602          387           191
        Net (gains) losses on sale of securities available for sale                        (1,253)            -            91
        Net (gains) losses on sale or disposal of premises and equipment                      (13)            7            36
        Provision for loan losses                                                            4,566        1,712         2,154
        Provision for deferred taxes                                                         (726)        (634)          (87)
        (Increase) decrease in interest receivable                                           2,233      (1,970)          (75)
        Increase (decrease) in interest payable                                              (672)          578            57
        Decrease in taxes receivable                                                             -            -           526
        Increase (decrease) in taxes payable                                                   167          (1)           328
        Net other operating activities                                                       (900)          371         (378)
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------
              Total adjustments                                                              7,627        3,443         5,635
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------
              Net cash provided by operating activities                                     17,260       13,541        14,591
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
    (Increase) decrease in interest-bearing deposits in banks                             (97,267)       27,779      (18,314)
    Purchases of securities available for sale                                            (87,800)     (26,961)      (70,410)
    Proceeds from maturities of securities available for sale                               82,511       15,167        58,994
    Proceeds from sale of securities available for sale                                     42,996            -        17,149
    Proceeds from maturities of securities held to maturity                                      -            -         3,283
    Decrease in federal funds sold                                                          13,942            -             -
    Increase in loans, net                                                                (53,244)     (58,931)      (55,482)
    Purchase of premises and equipment                                                     (1,896)      (2,359)       (2,631)
    Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment                                                28            -             -
    Net cash received from acquisitions                                                     11,609            -             -
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------
              Net cash used in investing activities                                       (89,121)     (45,305)      (67,411)
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
    Increase in deposits                                                                    24,591       39,227         7,333
    Increase (decrease) in federal funds purchased
       and securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                    1,139        2,256         (486)
    Proceeds from other borrowings                                                          69,738      109,800       338,950
    Repayment of other borrowings                                                         (39,515)    (120,600)     (284,650)
    Dividends paid                                                                         (4,262)      (3,745)       (2,898)
    Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                     12            -             -
    Proceeds from issuance of trust preferred securities                                    34,500            -             -
    Payment for debt issue costs                                                           (1,450)            -             -
    Purchase of treasury shares                                                                  -      (4,162)          (88)
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------
              Net cash provided by financing activities                                     84,753       22,776        58,161
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks                                          12,892      (8,988)         5,341

Cash and due from banks at beginning of year                                                38,411       47,399        42,058
                                                                                      ------------ ------------ --------------
Cash and due from banks at end of year                                                $     51,303 $     38,411 $      47,399
                                                                                      ============ ============ ==============
</TABLE>

                                      F- 7

<PAGE>

                              ABC BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                                 (Dollars in Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          2001          2000          1999
                                                                                     -------------- ------------- --------------

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
<S>                                                                                  <C>            <C>           <C>
  Cash paid during the year for:
    Interest                                                                         $       35,576 $      30,227 $      24,343

    Income taxes                                                                     $        5,251 $       4,978 $       3,524

NONCASH TRANSACTIONS
  Transfer of securities held to maturity to
      securities available for sale                                                  $            - $           - $      15,330

   Common stock issued in connection with
        business acquisitions                                                        $       17,590 $           - $           -
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                      F- 8

<PAGE>

NOTE 1.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

            NATURE OF BUSINESS

               ABC Bancorp, (the "Company") is a multi-bank holding company
               whose business is presently conducted by its subsidiary banks
               (the "Banks"). Through the Banks, the Company operates a full
               service banking business and offers a broad range of retail and
               commercial banking services to its customers located in a market
               area which includes South and Southeast Georgia, North Florida
               and Southeast Alabama. The Company and the Banks are subject to
               the regulations of certain federal and state agencies and are
               periodically examined by those regulatory agencies.

            BASIS OF PRESENTATION

               The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
               accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
               America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
               that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of
               the balance sheet date and the reported amounts of revenues and
               expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
               differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are
               particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term
               relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses,
               the valuation of foreclosed real estate and deferred taxes.

               The Company's consolidated financial statements include the
               accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant
               intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in
               consolidation.

            CASH, DUE FROM BANKS AND CASH FLOWS

               For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and due from banks
               includes cash on hand, cash items in process of collection and
               amounts due from banks. Cash flows from loans, federal funds
               sold, deposits, interest-bearing deposits in banks and federal
               funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to
               repurchase are reported net.

               The Company maintains amounts due from banks which, at times,
               may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not
               experienced any losses in such accounts.

            SECURITIES

               Debt securities that management has the positive intent and
               ability to hold to maturity are classified as held-to-maturity
               and recorded at amortized cost. Securities not classified as
               held-to-maturity, including equity securities with readily
               determinable fair values, are classified as available-for-sale
               and recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses
               excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive
               income. Equity securities, including restricted stock, without a
               readily determinable fair value are classified as
               available-for-sale and recorded at cost.

               Interest and dividends, including amortization of premiums
               and accretion of discounts, are included in interest income.
               Gains and losses on the sale of securities are determined
               using the specific identification method. Declines in the
               fair value of any security below its cost that is deemed to
               be other than temporary is reflected in earnings as realized
               losses.

                                      F- 9

<PAGE>

NOTE 1.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            LOANS

               Loans are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal
               balances less unearned income and the allowance for loan losses.
               Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance.

               Loan origination fees and direct origination costs of loans are
               recognized at the time the loan is placed on the books. Because
               the loan origination fee approximates the cost of most loans and
               the majority of loans have maturities of one year or less, the
               effect on operations is immaterial.

               The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued when, in
               management's opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet
               payments as they become due, unless the loan is well-secured.
               All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed
               on nonaccrual or charged off is reversed against interest
               income. Interest income on nonaccrual loans is subsequently
               recognized only to the extent cash payments are received until
               the loans are returned to accrual status.

               The allowance for loan losses is established through a
               provision for loan losses charged to expense. Loan losses are
               charged against the allowance when management believes the
               collectibility of the principal is unlikely. Subsequent
               recoveries are credited to the allowance.

               The allowance is an amount that management believes will be
               adequate to absorb estimated losses in the loan portfolio. The
               allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by
               management and is based upon management's periodic review of
               the collectibility of the loans in light of historical
               experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio,
               adverse situations that may affect the borrower's ability to
               repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and
               prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently
               subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to
               significant revision as more information becomes available. In
               addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their
               examination process, periodically review the Banks' allowance
               for loan losses, and may require the Bank to make additions to
               the allowance based on their judgment about information
               available to them at the time of their examinations.

               A loan is considered impaired when it is probable the Banks will
               be unable to collect all principal and interest payments due in
               accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement.
               Impaired loans are measured by either the present value of
               expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective
               interest rate, the loan's obtainable market price, or the fair
               value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.
               The amount of impairment, if any, and any subsequent changes
               are included in the allowance for loan losses.

            PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

               Land is carried at cost. Premises and equipment are carried at
               cost less accumulated depreciation computed principally on the
               straight-line method over the estimated useful lives:

                                                    Years
                                                    -----

Buildings                                              39
Furniture and equipment                               5-7

                                      F- 10

<PAGE>

NOTE 1.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED

               Other real estate owned (OREO) represents properties acquired
               through foreclosure or other proceedings. OREO is held for sale
               and is carried at the lower of the recorded amount of the loan or
               fair value of the properties less estimated costs of disposal.
               Any write-down to fair value at the time of transfer to OREO is
               charged to the allowance for loan losses. Property is evaluated
               regularly to ensure the recorded amount is supported by its
               current fair value and valuation allowances to reduce the
               carrying amount to fair value less estimated costs to dispose
               are recorded as necessary. Subsequent decreases in fair value
               and increases in fair value, up to the value established at
               foreclosure, are recognized as charges or credits to
               noninterest expense. OREO is included in other assets and is
               reported net of allowance for losses in the Company's
               consolidated balance sheets. The carrying amount of other real
               estate owned at December 31, 2001 and 2000 was $1,249,500 and
               $620,000, respectively.

            TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

               Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales, when
               control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over
               transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered
               when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2)
               the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that
               constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or
               exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Company does not
               maintain effective control over the transferred assets through
               an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity.

            INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL

               Intangible assets, arising from excess of purchase price over
               over the fair value of net assets acquired in purchase
               transactions, represent identified intangible assets
               and goodwill. Identified intangible assets are being amortized
               on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. Goodwill
               arising from purchase transactions consummated prior to June
               30, 2001 has been amortized over a period ranging from 15 to 25
               years. In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
               (the FASB) issued two new accounting standards that will
               significantly affect the accounting for goodwill arising from
               purchase transactions. See "Delayed Adoption of FASB Statement"
               included below in this note.

            INCOME TAXES

               Income tax expense consists of current and deferred taxes.
               Current income tax provisions approximate taxes to be paid or
               refunded for the applicable year. Deferred tax assets and
               liabilities are recognized on the temporary differences between
               the bases of assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and
               their bases as reported in the financial statements. Deferred
               tax expense or benefit is then recognized for the change in
               deferred tax assets or liabilities between periods.

               Recognition of deferred tax balance sheet amounts is based on
               management's belief that it is more likely than not that the tax
               benefit associated with certain temporary differences, tax
               operating loss carryforwards, and tax credits will be realized.
               A valuation allowance is recorded for those deferred tax items
               for which it is more likely than not that realization will not
               occur.

               The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated income
               tax return. Each subsidiary provides for income taxes based
               on its contribution to income taxes (benefits) of the
               consolidated group.

                                      F- 11

<PAGE>

NOTE 1.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS

               Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 123,
               Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,
               encourages all entities to adopt a fair value based method of
               accounting for employee stock compensation plans, whereby
               compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the
               value of the award and is recognized over the service period,
               which is usually the vesting period. However, it also allows an
               entity to continue to measure compensation cost for those plans
               using the intrinsic value based method of accounting prescribed
               by Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for
               Stock Issued to Employees, whereby compensation cost is the
               excess, if any, of the quoted market price of the stock at the
               grant date (or other measurement date) over the amount an
               employee must pay to acquire the stock. Stock options issued
               under the Company's stock option plan have no intrinsic value
               at the grant date, and under Opinion No. 25 no compensation
               cost is recognized for them. The Company has elected to
               continue with the accounting methodology in Opinion No. 25 and,
               as a result, has provided pro forma disclosures of net income
               and earnings per share and other disclosures, as if the fair
               value based method of accounting had been applied.

            TREASURY STOCK

               The Company's repurchases of shares of its common stock are
               recorded at cost as "Treasury stock" and result in a reduction
               of "Stockholders' equity." When treasury shares are reissued,
               the Company uses a first-in, first-out method and any
               difference in repurchase cost and reissuance price is recorded
               as an increase or reduction in "Capital surplus."

            EARNINGS PER SHARE

               Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net
               income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock
               outstanding. Diluted earnings per common share are computed by
               dividing net income by the effect of the issuance of potential
               common shares that are dilutive by the sum of the
               weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
               and potential common shares. Potential common shares consist of
               only stock options for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000
               and 1999. The weighted-average number of shares outstanding for
               the years ended at December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 was
               9,214,276; 8,460,230; and 8,701,615, respectively. The
               weighted-average number of shares outstanding and potential
               shares for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 was
               9,250,040; 8,465,669; and 8,710,685, respectively.

               Potential common shares not included due to the fact that they
               would be anti-dilutive at December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 were
               30,696; 159,052; and 33,325, respectively.

            COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

               Accounting principles generally require that recognized revenue,
               expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although
               certain changes in assets and liabilities, such as unrealized
               gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, are reported
               as a separate component of the equity section of the balance
               sheet, such items, along with net income, are components of
               comprehensive income.

                                      F- 12

<PAGE>

NOTE 1.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            DELAYED ADOPTION OF FASB STATEMENT

               In June 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, "Business
               Combinations," and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible
               Assets." SFAS No. 141 requires that all business combinations
               consummated after June 30, 2001 be accounted for by the
               purchase method unless the combination was initiated on or
               prior to that date and it meets the conditions to be accounted
               for by the pooling-of-interests method in accordance with AFB
               Opinion No. 16, "Business Combinations." SFAS No. 142 is
               required to be applied in years beginning after December 15,
               2001. Under SFAS No.  142, goodwill and intangible assets that
               management concludes has indefinite useful lives will no longer
               be amortized, but will be subject to impairment tests performed
               at least annually. Also, upon initial application, the Company
               is required to perform a transitional impairment test of all
               previously recognized goodwill and to assign all recognized
               assets and liabilities to reporting units. Other intangible
               assets will continue to be amortized over their useful lives as
               determined at the date of initial application.

               The Company will adopt SFAS No. 142 beginning in the first
               quarter of 2002. Application of the nonamortization provisions
               of SFAS No. 142 is expected to result in an increase in net
               income of $602,000 ($.07 per basic and diluted share) per year.
               During 2002, the Company will perform the first of the required
               impairment tests of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible
               assets, but has not yet determined what effect those tests will
               have on the earnings and financial position of the Company.

            RECLASSIFICATION OF CERTAIN ITEMS

               Certain items in the consolidated financial statements as of and
               for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 have been
               reclassified, with no effect on total assets or net income, to
               be consistent with the classifications adopted for the year
               ended December 31, 2001.

NOTE 2.     BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

            On July 23, 2001, the Company acquired all of the outstanding
            common shares of Golden Isles Financial Holdings (Golden Isles) in
            exchange for cash and the Company's common stock, accounted for as
            a purchase transaction. The results of Golden Isles' operations
            have been included in the consolidated financial statements
            since that date. Upon completion of the acquisition, Golden
            Isles was liquidated and all its assets were transferred to
            First Bank of Brunswick, its wholly-owned subsidiary, or to the
            Company. First Bank of Brunswick is a full service commercial
            bank with headquarters in Brunswick, Georgia and branches in
            Jekyll Island, St. Simons and Brunswick. As a result of the
            acquisition, the Company expanded its marketing area for
            banking services to include a substantial market in Southeast
            Georgia.

            The aggregate purchase price was $24,901,000 including cash of
            $10,478,000 and the Company's common stock valued at $14,423,000.
            The value of the 1,240,843 common shares was determined based
            on the closing price of the Company's common stock on February
            20, 2001, the day immediately preceding the date of the
            announcement of the merger.

                                      F- 13

<PAGE>

NOTE 2.     BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

            The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the
            assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.

Current assets                           $    146,741,000
Bank premises and equipment                     5,842,000
Intangible assets                               3,021,000
Goodwill                                       10,037,000
                                         -----------------
    Total assets acquired                     165,641,000
                                         -----------------
Current liabilities                           131,020,000
Other borrowings                                9,720,000
                                         -----------------
    Total liabilities assumed                 140,740,000
                                         -----------------
    Net assets acquired                  $     24,901,000
                                         =================

            Acquired intangible assets represent core deposit intangibles and
            are being amortized over the estimated life of the base deposits
            ranging from six to eight years. These intangible assets were
            assigned to the First Bank of Brunswick operating unit. Goodwill of
            $10,037,000 was assigned to the First Bank of Brunswick operating
            unit. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income
            tax purposes.

            On April 5, 2001, the Company acquired all of the outstanding
            common shares of Tri-County Bank in exchange for cash and the

            Company's common stock, accounted for as a purchase
            transaction. The results of Tri-County Bank's operations have
            been included in the consolidated financial statements since that
            date. Tri-County Bank is a full service commercial bank with
            headquarters in Trenton, Florida and a subsequently acquired branch
            in Newberry, Florida. As a result of the acquisition, the Company
            was able to expand its marketing area for banking services to
            include North Florida.

            The aggregate purchase price was $6,453,000 including cash of
            $3,286,000 and the Company's common stock valued at $3,167,000. The
            value of the 347,504 common shares was determined based on the
            closing price of the Company's common stock on November 27, 2000,
            the date the definitive merger agreement was signed.

            The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the
            assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.

Current assets                            $    48,612,000
Bank premises and equipment                       519,000
Intangible assets                                 953,000
Goodwill                                          769,000
                                          ----------------
    Total assets acquired                      50,853,000
                                          ----------------
Current liabilities                            44,400,000
                                          ----------------
    Total liabilities assumed                  44,400,000
                                          ----------------
    Net assets acquired                   $     6,453,000
                                          ================

                                      F- 14

<PAGE>

NOTE 2.     BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

            Acquired intangible assets represent core deposit intangibles and
            are being amortized over the estimated life of the base deposits of
            ten years. These intangible assets and goodwill were assigned to the
            Tri-County Bank operating unit. None of the goodwill is expected to
            be deductible for income tax purposes.

            Unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the years
            ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 as though First Bank of Brunswick
            and Tri-County Bank had been acquired as of January 1, 2000 follow:

                                             2001          2000
                                         ------------  ------------

Net interst income                       $   44,107    $   44,879
Net income                                    7,000        10,730
Basic earnings per share                       0.70          1.07
Diluted earnings per share                     0.70          1.07

            The above amounts reflect adjustments for amortization of acquired
            intangible assets, additional depreciation on revalued purchased
            assets and imputed interest on borrowed funds.

            During 2001, the Company acquired certain assets and assumed certain
            liabilities of two bank branches located in Colquitt, Georgia and
            Newberry, Florida. The acquisitions were settled with cash. The fair
            value of assets acquired amounted to $51,438,000. Intangible assets
            of $2,262,000, representing core deposit intangibles, were assigned
            to the Merchants & Farmers Bank and Tri-County Bank operating units
            and are being amortized over the estimated life of the base deposits
            of ten years. Fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
            in the Colquitt acquisition have been estimated and are subject to
            adjustment. Goodwill of $205,000 resulting from the Newberry
            acquisition was assigned to the Tri-County Bank operating unit and
            is being amortized over the estimated life of the base deposits.
            Preliminary goodwill of $2,419,000 resulting from the Colquitt
            acquisition was assigned to the Merchants & Farmers Bank operating
            unit and is being amortized over the estimated life of the base
            deposits. The goodwill related to these branch acquisitions is
            expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.

            Financial records were not available to present unaudited pro forma
            consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31,
            2001 and 2000 as though the branches had been acquired as of January
            1, 2000.

                                      F- 15

<PAGE>

NOTE 3.     INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES

            The amortized cost and fair value of securities are summarized as
            follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Gross          Gross
                                                 Amortized        Unrealized     Unrealized         Fair
                                                    Cost            Gains          Losses          Value
                                                -------------    -------------  -------------    ---------
                                                                  (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>
Securities Available for Sale
   December 31, 2001:
    U. S. Government and agency securities      $     49,509     $      1,034   $       (70)     $  50,473
    State and municipal securities                     5,239              119           (19)         5,339
    Corporate debt securities                          7,171                2          (458)         6,715
    Mortgage-backed securities                        88,128            1,242          (259)        89,111
    Equity securities                                    521               -            (25)           496
    Restricted equity securities                       4,701               -              -          4,701
                                                -------------   -------------- --------------   ----------
                                                $    155,269     $      2,397   $      (831)     $ 156,835
                                                =============   ============== ==============   ==========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                             <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>
   December 31, 2000:
    U. S. Government and agency securities      $     60,467     $        892   $      (173)     $  61,186
    State and municipal securities                    19,206              330           (68)        19,468
    Corporate debt securities                          6,101              114           (85)         6,130
    Mortgage-backed securities                        71,160              563          (502)        71,221
    Equity securities                                    647              -             (33)           614
    Restricted equity securities                       3,486              -              -           3,486
                                                -------------   -------------- --------------   -----------
                                                $    161,067     $      1,899   $      (861)     $ 162,105
                                                =============   ============== ==============   ===========
</TABLE>

            The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities as of December
            31, 2001 by contractual maturity are shown below. Maturities may
            differ from contractual maturities in mortgage-backed securities
            because the mortgages underlying the securities may be called or
            repaid without penalty. Therefore, these securities are not
            included in the maturity categories in the following maturity
            summary.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Amortized            Fair
                                                                           Cost             Value
                                                                       -------------   ---------------
                                                                           (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                       -------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>             <C>
Due in one year or less                                                $      3,961    $        4,006
Due from one year to five years                                              36,081            36,252
Due from five to ten years                                                   18,291            18,966
Due after ten years                                                           3,586             3,303
Mortgage-backed securities                                                   88,128            89,111
Equity securities                                                               521               496
Restricted equity securities                                                  4,701             4,701
                                                                       -------------   ---------------
                                                                       $    155,269    $      156,835
                                                                       =============   ===============
</TABLE>

                                      F- 16

<PAGE>

NOTE 3.     INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (CONTINUED)

            Securities with a carrying value of $86,541,872 and $82,568,979 at
            December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively, were pledged to secure
            public deposits and for other purposes required or permitted by law.

            Gains and losses on sales of securities available for sale consist
            of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            December 31,
                                                                -------------------------------------
                                                                    2001         2000          1999
                                                                ----------   -----------   ----------
                                                                       (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                -------------------------------------

<S>                                                             <C>          <C>            <C>
Gross gains on sales of securities                              $   1,253    $       -      $      4
Gross losses on sales of securities                                    -             -           (95)
                                                                ----------   -----------    ----------
Net realized (losses) on sales of securities available for sale $   1,253    $       -      $    (91)
                                                                ==========   ===========    ==========
</TABLE>

NOTE 4.     LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES

            The composition of loans is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             December 31,
                                                                  -----------------------------------
                                                                        2001                2000
                                                                  ---------------     ---------------
                                                                        (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                  -----------------------------------

<S>                                                               <C>                 <C>
Commercial and financial                                          $      152,097      $      109,647
Agricultural                                                              39,878              34,840
Real estate - construction                                                24,650              14,046
Real estate - mortgage, farmland                                          63,533              57,253
Real estate - mortgage, commercial                                       225,470             160,456
Real estate - mortgage, residential                                      202,447             128,614
Consumer installment loans                                                91,557              76,076
Other                                                                      5,444               6,449
                                                                  ---------------     ---------------
                                                                         805,076             587,381
Allowance for loan losses                                                 14,944               9,832
                                                                  ---------------     ---------------
                                                                  $      790,132      $      577,549
                                                                  ===============     ===============
</TABLE>

            The following is a summary of information pertaining to impaired
            loans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               As of and For the Years Ended
                                                                       December 31,
                                                       ----------------------------------------------
                                                             2001          2000             1999
                                                       -------------   -------------   --------------

<S>                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
Impaired loans without a valuation allowance           $         -     $          -    $          -
Impaired loans with a valuation allowance                    11,958           4,863            5,551
                                                       -------------   -------------   --------------
Total impaired loans                                   $     11,958    $      4,863    $       5,551
                                                       =============   =============   ==============
Valuation allowance related to impaired loans          $      1,984    $      1,020    $         953
                                                       =============   =============   ==============
Average investment in impaired loans                   $      8,249    $      5,603    $       6,447
                                                       =============   =============   ==============
Interest income recognized on impaired loans           $          6    $         51    $          21
                                                       =============   =============   ==============
Foregone interest income on impaired loans             $        666    $        541    $         593
                                                       =============   =============   ==============
</TABLE>

                                      F- 17

<PAGE>

                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 4.     LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (CONTINUED)

            Changes in the allowance for loan losses for the years ended
            December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       December 31,
                                                       ----------------------------------------------
                                                             2001             2000           1999
                                                       -------------    -------------   -------------
                                                                   (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                       ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>             <C>
Balance, beginning of year                             $      9,832     $     9,895     $    10,192
   Provision for loan losses                                  4,566           1,712           2,154
   Loans charged off                                         (5,488)         (2,594)         (3,733)
   Recoveries of loans previously charged off                 1,110             819           1,282
   Acquired loan loss reserve                                 4,924               -               -
                                                       --------------   -------------   -------------
Balance, end of year                                   $     14,944     $     9,832     $     9,895
                                                       ==============   =============   =============
</TABLE>

            In the ordinary course of business, the Company has granted loans
            to certain directors, executive officers, and their affiliates. The
            interest rates on these loans were substantially the same as rates
            prevailing at the time of the transaction and repayment terms are
            customary for the type of loan. Changes in related party loans for
            the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                December 31,
                                                                     --------------------------------
                                                                          2001              2000
                                                                     --------------   ---------------
                                                                          (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                     --------------------------------

<S>                                                                  <C>              <C>
Balance, beginning of year                                           $     36,321     $      27,457
   Advances                                                                 9,890            28,802
   Repayments                                                             (10,771)          (23,082)
   Transactions due to change(s) in related parties                          (952)            3,144
                                                                     --------------   ---------------
Balance, end of year                                                 $     34,488     $      36,321
                                                                     ==============   ===============
</TABLE>

NOTE 5.     PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT, NET

            Premises and equipment are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                        -----------------------------
                                                                            2001             2000
                                                                        ------------     ------------
                                                                           (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                        -----------------------------

<S>                                                                     <C>              <C>
Land                                                                    $    6,200       $     4,857
Buildings                                                                   22,260            16,604
Furniture and equipment                                                     19,643            17,419
Construction in progress; estimated cost to complete, $435                   1,697               471
                                                                        ------------     ------------
                                                                            49,800            39,351
Accumulated depreciation                                                   (22,979)           19,648
                                                                        ------------     ------------
                                                                        $   26,821       $    19,703
                                                                        ============     ============
</TABLE>

                                      F- 18

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 6.     DEPOSITS

            The aggregate amount of time deposits in denominations of
            $100,000 or more at December 31, 2001 and 2000 was $156,562,000 and
            $120,670,000, respectively. The scheduled maturities of time
            deposits at December 31, 2001 are as follows:

                                                                  (Dollars in
                                                                   Thousands)
                                                               ---------------

2002                                                            $      434,008
2003                                                                    37,479
2004                                                                     9,304
2005                                                                     5,403
2006                                                                     2,430
Later years                                                                173
                                                               ---------------
                                                                $      488,797
                                                               ===============

NOTE 7.     SECURITIES SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

            Securities sold under repurchase agreements, which are secured
            borrowings, generally mature within one to four days from the
            transaction date. Securities sold under repurchase agreements are
            reflected at the amount of cash received in connection with the
            transactions. The Company may be required to provide additional
            collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities.
            The Company monitors the fair value of the underlying securities on
            a daily basis. Securities sold under repurchase agreements at
            December 31, 2001 and 2000 were $3,792,000 and $2,653,000,
            respectively.

NOTE 8.     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

            The Company has established two retirement plans for eligible
            employees. The ABC Bancorp 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan allows a
            participant to defer a portion of his compensation and provides
            that the Company will match a portion of the deferred compensation.
            The plan also provides for nonelective and discretionary
            contributions to be made at the sole discretion of the Company. The
            ABC Bancorp Money Purchase Pension Plan was established to
            supplement a participant's income upon retirement. The Plan is fully
            funded by the Company. The Plan provides for a fixed rate of
            contribution, currently 5%, of the participant's eligible
            compensation. The rate of contribution is established by the
            Compensation Committee of ABC Bancorp's Board of Directors. The Plan
            must be amended to change the fixed rate of 5% established by the
            Compensation Committee in December 1997. All full-time and part-time
            employees are eligible to participate in both plans provided they
            have met the eligibility requirements. Generally, a participant must
            have completed twelve months of employment with a minimum of 1,000
            hours. Aggregate expense under the two plans charged to operations
            during 2001, 2000 and 1999 amounted to $655,000, $949,000 and
            $707,000, respectively.

                                      F- 19

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 9.     DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS

            The Company and two subsidiary banks have entered into separate
            deferred compensation arrangements with certain executive officers
            and directors. The plans call for certain amounts payable at
            retirement, death or disability. The estimated present value of the
            deferred compensation is being accrued over the remaining expected
            term of active employment. The Company and Banks have purchased
            life insurance policies which they intend to use to finance this
            liability. Cash surrender value of life insurance of $965,000 and
            $892,000 at December 31, 2001 and 2000 is included in other
            assets. Accrued deferred compensation of $618,000 and $576,000 at
            December 31, 2001 and 2000 is included in other liabilities.
            Aggregate compensation expense under the plans were $43,000,
            $75,000 and $70,000 for 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively, and is
            included in other operating expenses.

NOTE 10.    OTHER BORROWINGS

            Other borrowings consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      December 31,
                                                                              ---------------------------
                                                                                   2001          2000
                                                                              ------------   ------------
                                                                                 (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                              ---------------------------

<S>                                                                           <C>            <C>
Advances under revolving credit agreement with SunTrust Bank with             $       100    $     2,000
   interest at sixty-day LIBOR rate plus .9% (3.02% at December 31, 2001)
   due on May 31, 2002; secured by subsidiary bank stock.
Advances from SunTrust Bank of $10,238,000 with 28 quarterly                        9,507             -
   principal payments of $366,000 at LIBOR plus 1.15% (3.06% at
   December 31, 2001), maturing July 23, 2008.
Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank with interest at adjustable                   27,000         53,100
   rates (ranging from 2.02% to 5.68% at December 31, 2001) due
   at various dates from March 21, 2002 to September 8, 2009.
Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank with interest at a fixed rate                    498            250
   (ranging from 6.46% to 7.23%) due in annual installments at
   various dates from April 8, 2002 through November 1, 2006.
Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank with interest at a fixed rate                 58,188             -
   (ranging from 4.39% to 6.41%), convertible to a variable rate at
   option of Federal Home Loan Bank, due at various dates
   from March 17, 2003 to September 26, 2011.
                                                                              ------------   ------------
                                                                              $    95,293    $    55,350
                                                                              ============   ============
</TABLE>

            The advances from Federal Home Loan Bank are collateralized by the
            pledging of first mortgage loans and other specific loans.

            Other borrowings at December 31, 2001 have maturities in future
            years as follows:

                                                                  (Dollars in
                                                                  Thousands
                                                                      )
                                                                 --------------

2002                                                             $       2,758
2003                                                                     4,599
2004                                                                     2,534
2005                                                                    16,534
2006                                                                     1,484
Later years                                                             67,384
                                                                 --------------
                                                                 $      95,293
                                                                 ==============

                                      F- 20

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 11.    INCOME TAXES

            The income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income
            consists of the following:

                                              Years Ended December 31,
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                           2001            2000         1999
                                       ----------     -----------     ---------
                                               (Dollars in Thousands)
                                       ----------------------------------------

Current                                $   5,418      $    4,977      $ 4,378
Deferred                                    (726)           (634)         (87)
                                       -----------    ------------    ---------
                                       $   4,692      $    4,343      $ 4,291
                                       ===========    ============    =========

            The Company's income tax expense differs from the amounts computed
            by applying the federal income tax statutory rates to income before
            income taxes. A reconciliation of the differences is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Years Ended December 31,
                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                                  2001           2000          1999
                                                              -----------     ----------    ----------
                                                                       (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                              ----------------------------------------

<S>                                                           <C>            <C>           <C>
Tax at federal income tax rate                                $    4,871     $   4,910     $    4,504
   Increase (decrease) resulting from:
      Tax-exempt interest                                           (476)         (497)         (392)
      Amortization of intangible assets                              274           162            167
      Other                                                           23          (232)            12
                                                              ------------   -----------   -----------
Provision for income taxes                                    $    4,692     $   4,343     $    4,291
                                                              ============   ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

            Net deferred income tax assets of $3,877,000 and $3,486,000 at
            December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively, are included in other
            assets. The components of deferred income taxes are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                          ----------------------------
                                                                               2001            2000
                                                                          ------------    ------------
                                                                             (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                          ----------------------------

<S>                                                                       <C>             <C>
Deferred tax assets:
   Loan loss reserves                                                     $     4,945     $     3,343
   Deferred compensation                                                          313             196
   Unearned compensation related to restricted stock                              401             196
   Nonaccrual interest                                                            429             216
   Net operating loss tax carryforward                                            140             164
   Other                                                                           75              -
                                                                          ------------    ------------
                                                                          ------------    ------------
                                                                                6,303           4,115
                                                                          ------------    ------------
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Deprecation and amortization                                                   233             276
   Unrealized gain on securities available for sale                               533             353
   Intangible assets                                                            1,660               -
                                                                          ------------    ------------
                                                                                2,426             629
                                                                          ------------    ------------

Net deferred tax assets                                                   $     3,877     $     3,486
                                                                          ============    ============
</TABLE>

                                      F- 21

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 12.    TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES

            In 2001, the Company formed a wholly-owned grantor trust to issue
            cumulative trust preferred securities to the public. The grantor
            trust has invested the proceeds of the trust preferred securities
            in junior subordinated debentures of the Company. The trust
            preferred securities can be redeemed prior to maturity at the
            option of the Company on or after September 30, 2006. The sole
            assets of the guarantor trust are the Junior Subordinated
            Deferrable Interest Debentures of the Company (the Debentures)
            held by the grantor trust. The Debentures have the same interest
            rate (9%) as the trust preferred securities. The Company has the
            right to defer interest payments on the Debentures at any time or
            from time to time for a period not exceeding 20 consecutive
            quarters provided that no extension period may extend beyond the
            stated maturity of the related Debentures. During any such
            extension period, distributions on the trust preferred
            certificates would also be deferred.

            The trust preferred securities are subject to mandatory redemption
            upon repayment of the related Debentures at their stated maturity
            date or their earlier redemption at a redemption price equal to
            their stated maturity date or their earlier redemption at a
            redemption price equal to their liquidation amount plus accrued
            distributions to the date fixed for the redemption upon concurrent
            repayment of the related Debentures. The trust preferred
            securities may be redeemed in whole or part at any time on or
            after September 30, 2006.

            Payment of periodic cash distributions and payment upon
            liquidation or redemption with respect to the trust preferred
            securities are guaranteed by the Company to the extent of funds
            held by the grantor trust (the Preferred Securities Guarantee).
            The Preferred Securities Guarantee, when taken together with the
            Company's other obligations under the Debentures, constitute a
            full and unconditional guarantee, on a subordinated basis, by the
            Company of payments due on the trust preferred securities.

            The Company is required by the Federal Reserve Board to maintain
            certain levels of capital for bank regulatory purposes. The
            Federal Reserve Board has determined that certain cumulative
            preferred securities having the characteristics of trust preferred
            securities qualify as minority interest, which is included in Tier
            1 capital for bank and financial holding companies. In calculating
            the amount of Tier l qualifying capital, the trust preferred
            securities can only be included up to the amount constituting 25%
            of total Tier 1 capital elements (including trust preferred
            securities). Such Tier 1 capital treatment provides the Company
            with a more cost-effective means of obtaining capital for bank
            regulatory purposed than if the Company were to issue preferred
            stock.

            The trust preferred securities and the related Debentures were
            issued on November 8, 2001. Both financial instruments bear an
            identical annual rate of interest of 9%. Distributions on the
            trust preferred securities are paid quarterly on March 31, June
            30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, beginning December
            31, 2001. Interest on the Debentures is paid on the corresponding
            dates. The aggregate principal amount of trust preferred
            certificates outstanding at December 31, 2001 was $34,500,000. The
            aggregate principal amount of Debentures outstanding at December
            31, 2001 was $35,567,000.

                                      F- 22

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 13.    STOCK OPTION PLANS

            The Company has two fixed stock option plans under which it has
            granted options to its Chief Executive Officer to purchase common
            stock at the fair market price on the date of grant. All of the
            options are intended to be incentive stock options qualifying
            under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code for favorable tax
            treatment. Under the 1992 Plan, options to purchase 10,001 shares
            were granted. None of these options have been exercised, however,
            all of the options were exercisable as of December 31, 2001.
            Options under the 1992 Plan expire in 2002. Under the 1997 Plan,
            options to purchase 67,500 shares were granted. Options under the
            1997 Plan are fully vested and are exercisable over a period of
            ten years subject to certain limitations as to aggregate fair
            market value (determined as of the date of the grant) of all
            options exercisable for the first time by the optionee during any
            calendar year (the "$100,000 Per-Year Limitation"). Under the 1997
            Plan, options to purchase 42,750 shares were exercisable as of
            December 31, 2001.

            At the annual meeting on April 15, 1997, the shareholders approved
            the ABC Bancorp Omnibus Stock Ownership and Long-Term Incentive
            Plan (the "Omnibus Plan"). Awards granted under the Omnibus Plan
            may be in the form of Qualified or Nonqualified Stock Options,
            Restricted Stock, Stock Appreciation Rights ("SARS"), Long-Term
            Incentive Compensation Units consisting of a combination of cash
            and Common Stock, or any combination thereof within the
            limitations set forth in the Omnibus Plan. The Omnibus Plan
            provides that the aggregate number of shares of the Company's
            Common Stock which may be subject to award may not exceed 637,500
            subject to adjustment in certain circumstances to prevent
            dilution. As of December 31, 2001, the Company has issued a total
            of 171,496 restricted shares under the Omnibus Plan as
            compensation for certain key salaried employees. These shares
            carry dividend and voting rights. Sale of these shares is
            restricted prior to the date of vesting, which is three years from
            the date of the grant. Shares issued under this plan were
            recorded at their fair market value on the date of their grant
            with a corresponding charge to equity. The unearned portion is
            being amortized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis
            over the related vesting period. Compensation expense related to
            these grants was $602,000, $387,000 and $191 for 2001, 2000 and
            1999, respectively. In addition to the granting of restricted
            shares, options to purchase 208,442 shares of the Company's common
            stock have been granted under the Omnibus Plan as of December 31,
            2001.

            A summary of the status of the three fixed plans at December 31,
            2001, 2000 and 1999 and changes during the years ended on those
            dates is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                December 31,
                                -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          2001                     2000                       1999
                                ------------------------  ------------------------  -------------------------
                                             Weighted-                 Weighted-                  Weighted-
                                              Average                   Average                    Average
                                              Exercise                 Exercise                   Exercise
                                  Number       Price        Number       Price        Number        Price
                                ----------- ------------  ----------  ------------  -----------  ------------

<S>                                <C>       <C>            <C>        <C>             <C>        <C>
Under option, beginning
   of the year                     239,553   $     11.00    159,151    $     11.40     115,966    $     12.18
   Granted                          71,550         10.60     86,000          10.30      51,280          10.02
   Exercised                        (1,232)        10.09         -              -           -              -
   Forfeited                       (23,928)        10.47     (5,598)         11.79      (8,095)         13.74
                                ------------              -----------               ------------
Under option, end of year          285,943         10.95     239,553         11.00     159,151          11.40
                                ============              ===========               ============

Exercisable at end of year           99,625                   65,781                    41,260
                                ============              ===========               ============

Weighted-average fair value
   per option of options
   granted during year                       $      1.84               $      1.78                $      2.97
                                             ===========               ===========                ===========
</TABLE>

                                      F-23

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 13.    STOCK OPTION PLANS (CONTINUED)

            A further summary about options outstanding at December 31, 2001 is
            as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Options Outstanding                           Options Exercisable
                  -----------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------------
                                        Weighted-         Weighted-                            Weighted-
    Range of                             Average           Average                              Average
    Exercise            Number         Contractual         Exercise            Number           Exercise
     Prices          Outstanding       Life in Years         Price          Outstanding           Price
---------------   ----------------   ---------------   ---------------   ----------------   ---------------
<S>                        <C>                  <C>    <C>                         <C>      <C>
$          4.50             10,001               1.0   $          4.50             10,001   $          4.50
          11.33             67,500               5.3             11.33             42,750             11.33
          15.94             24,696               6.0             15.94             14,596             15.94
          14.17              6,000               6.3             14.17              3,600             14.17
          10.39                600               7.1             10.39                240             10.39
           9.90             24,696               7.1              9.90              9,878              9.90
          10.11              6,000               7.3             10.11              2,400             10.11
          10.83              2,400               7.9             10.83                960             10.83
          10.38             70,000               8.1             10.38             14,000             10.38
           9.94              3,000               8.5              9.94                600              9.94
           8.75              3,000               8.9              8.75                600              8.75
          10.50             58,050               9.1             10.50                  -                -
          11.20             10,000               9.5             11.20                  -                -
                  ----------------                                       ----------------
                           285,943              7.13             10.95             99,625             11.09
                  ================                                       ================
</TABLE>

            As permitted by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 123,
            "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" (SFAS No. 123), the
            Company recognizes compensation cost for stock-based employee
            compensation awards in accordance with APB Opinion No. 25,
            "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees". The Company recognized
            no compensation cost under the fixed stock option plan for the years
            ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999. If the Company had
            recognized compensation cost in accordance with SFAS No. 123, net
            income and net income per share would have been reduced as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            December 31,
                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2001                       2000                        1999
                           -------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------
                                           Basic                       Basic                       Basic
                               Net        Earnings        Net         Earnings         Net        Earnings
                              Income      Per Share      Income       Per Share       Income      Per Share
                           -----------  ------------  ------------  -------------  -----------  ------------
<S>                        <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
As reported                $    9,633   $      1.05   $  10,098     $        1.19  $     8,956  $       1.03
Stock based compensation,
   net of related tax             (39)         (.01)        (33)               -           (13)           -
   effect
                           -----------  ------------  ------------  -------------  -----------  ------------
As adjusted                $    9,594   $      1.04   $  10,065     $        1.19  $     8,943  $       1.03
                           ===========  ============  ============  =============  ===========  ============

                                                             December 31,
                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     2001                        2000                       1999
                           -------------------------  ---------------------------  -------------------------
                                           Diluted                      Diluted                     Diluted
                               Net        Earnings        Net         Earnings         Net        Earnings
                              Income      Per Share      Income       Per Share       Income      Per Share
                           -----------  ------------  ------------  -------------  -----------  ------------

As reported                $   9,633    $       1.04  $     10,098  $        1.19  $     8,956  $       1.03
Stock based compensation,
   net of related tax            (39)              -           (33)             -          (13)            -
   effect
                           -----------  ------------  ------------  -------------  -----------  ------------
As adjusted                $     9,594  $       1.04  $     10,065  $        1.19  $     8,943  $       1.03
                           ===========  ============  ============  =============  ===========  ============
</TABLE>

                                      F-24

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 13.    STOCK OPTION PLANS (CONTINUED)

            The fair value of the options granted in 2001 was based upon the
            discounted value of future cash flows of the options using the
            following assumptions:

Risk-free interest rate                                                   5.05%
Expected life of the options                                           10 years
Expected dividends (as a percent of the fair value of the stock)          3.60%
Expected volatility                                                      15.04%

NOTE 14.    EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE

            The following is a reconciliation of net income (the numerator) and
            the weighted average shares outstanding (the denominator) used in
            determining basic and diluted earnings per share. All amounts are
            presented in thousands, except per share amounts.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Year Ended December 31, 2001
                                                 --------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Income             Shares             Per Share
                                                    (Numerator)        (Denominator)           Amount
                                                 -----------------  ------------------   ----------------
<S>                                              <C>                            <C>      <C>
Basic earnings per share
Net income                                       $           9,633               9,214   $           1.05
                                                                                         ================

Effect of Dilutive Securities
Stock options                                                   -                   36
                                                 -----------------  ------------------

Diluted earnings per share
Net income                                       $           9,633               9,250   $           1.04
                                                 =================  ==================   ================

                                                                 Year Ended December 31, 2000
                                                 --------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Income            Shares              Per Share
                                                    (Numerator)        (Denominator)           Amount
                                                 -----------------  ------------------   ----------------

Basic earnings per share
Net income                                       $          10,098               8,460   $           1.19
                                                                                         ================

Effect of Dilutive Securities
Stock options                                                   -                    5
                                                 -----------------  ------------------

Diluted earnings per share
Net income                                       $          10,098               8,465   $           1.19
                                                 =================  ==================   ================
</TABLE>

                                      F-25

<PAGE>

                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 14.     EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (CONTINUED)

                                         Year Ended December 31, 1999
                                ----------------------------------------------
                                    Income          Shares         Per Share
                                 (Numerator)     (Denominator)       Amount
                                -------------    -------------    ------------

Basic earnings per share
Net income                      $       8,956            8,702    $       1.03
                                                                  ============

Effect of Dilutive Securities
Stock options                               -                9
                                -------------     ------------

Diluted earnings per share
Net income                      $       8,956            8,711    $       1.03
                                =============     ============    ============

NOTE 15.     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

             The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance
             -sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing
             needs of its customers. These financial instruments include
             commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Such
             commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk
             and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the
             balance sheets.

             The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of
             nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for
             commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is
             represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The
             Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and
             conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet
             instruments. A summary of the Company's commitments is as follows:

                                                       December 31,
                                              ------------------------------
                                                  2001             2000
                                              -------------    -------------
                                                 (Dollars in Thousands)
                                              ------------------------------

Commitments to extend credit                   $    114,631     $     75,007
Credit card commitments                              13,775           10,471
Standby letters of credit                             3,405            5,179
                                              -------------    -------------
                                               $    131,811     $     90,657
                                              =============    =============

             Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a
             customer as long as there is no violation of any condition
             established in the contract. Since many of the commitments are
             expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total
             commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash
             requirements. The Company evaluates each customer's
             creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of
             collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon
             extension of credit, is based on management's credit
             evaluation of the customer.

             Credit card commitments are unsecured.

                                     F-26

<PAGE>

                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 15.     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

             Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued
             by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a
             third party. Those letters of credit are primarily issued to
             support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit
             risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the
             same as that involved in extending loans to customers.
             Collateral is required in instances which the Company deems
             necessary.

             In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in
             various legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, any
             liability resulting from such proceedings would not have a
             material effect on the Company's financial statements.

NOTE 16.     CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT

             The Banks make agricultural, agribusiness, commercial,
             residential and consumer loans to customers primarily in
             counties in South and Southeast Georgia, North Florida and
             Southeast Alabama. A substantial portion of the Company's
             customers' abilities to honor their contracts is dependent on
             the business economy in the geographical area served by the
             Banks.

             Although the Company's loan portfolio is diversified, there is a
             relationship in this region between the agricultural economy and
             the economic performance of loans made to nonagricultural
             customers. The Company's lending policies for agricultural and
             nonagricultural customers require loans to be
             well-collateralized and supported by cash flows. Collateral
             for agricultural loans include equipment, crops, livestock and
             land. Credit losses from loans related to the agricultural
             economy is taken into consideration by management in
             determining the allowance for loan losses.

             A substantial portion of the Company's loans are secured by
             real estate in the Company's primary market area. In addition,
             a substantial portion of the real estate owned is located in
             those same markets. Accordingly, the ultimate collectibility
             of a substantial portion of the Company's loan portfolio and
             the recovery of a substantial portion of the carrying amount
             of real estate owned are susceptible to changes in market
             conditions in the Company's primary market area.

             The Company has a concentration of funds on deposit at its two
             primary correspondent banks at December 31, 2001 as follows:

Noninterest-bearing accounts                               $    35,376
                                                          ============

Interest-bearing accounts                                  $   104,334
                                                          ============

                                      F-27

<PAGE>

                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 17.      REGULATORY MATTERS

              The Banks are subject to certain restrictions on the amount of
              dividends that may be declared without prior regulatory
              approval. At December 31, 2001 approximately $8,493,000 of
              retained earnings were available for dividend declaration
              without regulatory approval.

              The Company and the Banks are subject to various regulatory
              capital requirements administered by the federal banking
              agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can
              initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional
              discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken,
              could have a direct material effect on the financial
              statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the
              regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company
              and the Banks must meet specific capital guidelines that
              involve quantitative measures of the assets, liabilities, and
              certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory
              accounting practices. The Banks capital amounts and
              classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by
              the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other
              factors. Prompt corrective action provisions are not
              applicable to bank holding companies.

              Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure
              capital adequacy require the Company and the Banks to maintain
              minimum amounts and ratios of total and Tier I capital to
              risk-weighted assets and of Tier I capital to average assets.
              Management believes, as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, the
              Company and the Banks meet all capital adequacy requirements
              to which they are subject.

              As of December 31, 2001 the most recent notification from the
              regulatory authorities categorized the Banks as well
              capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt
              corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the
              Banks must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier I
              risk-based, and Tier I leverage ratios as set forth in the
              table. There are no conditions or events since that
              notification that management believes have changed the Banks'
              category.

              The Banks' actual capital amounts and ratios are presented in
              the following table.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            To Be Well
                                                                  For Capital            Capitalized Under
                                                                    Adequacy             Prompt Corrective
                                          Actual                    Purposes             Action Provisions
                                 -------------------------  ------------------------- ------------------------
                                   Amount        Ratio        Amount        Ratio       Amount        Ratio
                                 ------------  -----------  ------------  ----------- ------------  ----------
As of December 31, 2001                                     (Dollars in Thousands)
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>               <C>      <C>                <C>    <C>              <C>
Total Capital
    to Risk Weighted Assets:
   Consolidated                  $   122,372       15.02%   $    65,266        8.00%       - - -N/A - - -
   American Banking Company      $    14,311       11.19%   $    10,228        8.00%  $    12,785      10.00%
   Heritage Community Bank       $     6,496       12.28%   $     4,230        8.00%  $     5,288      10.00%
   Bank of Thomas County         $     3,937       10.99%   $     2,865        8.00%  $     3,582      10.00%
   Citizens Security Bank        $    13,269       11.94%   $     8,888        8.00%  $    11,110      10.00%
   Cairo Banking Company         $     7,247       14.80%   $     3,917        8.00%  $     4,897      10.00%
   Southland Bank                $    19,199       13.33%   $    11,522        8.00%  $    14,403      10.00%
   Central Bank and Trust        $     5,806       12.02%   $     3,865        8.00%  $     4,831      10.00%
   First National Bank of
      South Georgia              $     6,659       10.97%   $     4,858        8.00%  $     6,072      10.00%
   Merchants and Farmers Bank    $     6,782       11.32%   $     4,794        8.00%  $     5,992      10.00%
   Tri-County Bank               $     5,599       15.52%   $     2,886        8.00%  $     3,607      10.00%
   First Bank of Brunswick       $    12,307       12.01%   $     8,196        8.00%  $    10,245      10.00%
</TABLE>

                                      F-28

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 17. REGULATORY MATTERS (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      To Be Well
                                                                            For Capital           Capitalized Under
                                                                             Adequacy             Prompt Corrective
                                               Actual                        Purposes              Action Provisions
                                    -----------------------------   --------------------------  -----------------------
                                       Amount           Ratio          Amount        Ratio        Amount       Ratio
                                    -------------    ------------   -------------  -----------  -----------  ----------
As of December 31, 2001                                           (Dollars in Thousands)
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (Continued)
<S>                                 <C>                   <C>       <C>                 <C>     <C>               <C>

Tier I Capital
   to Risk Weighted Assets:
   Consolidated                     $    103,506          12.70%    $     32,633        4.00%        - - -N/A - - -
   American Banking Company         $     12,710           9.94%    $      5,114        4.00%   $    7,671        6.00%
   Heritage Community Bank          $      5,834          11.03%    $      2,115        4.00%   $    3,173        6.00%
   Bank of Thomas County            $      3,487           9.74%    $      1,433        4.00%   $    2,149        6.00%
   Citizens Security Bank           $     11,876          10.69%    $      4,444        4.00%   $    6,666        6.00%
   Cairo Banking Company            $      6,627          13.53%    $      1,959        4.00%   $    2,938        6.00%
   Southland Bank                   $     17,393          12.08%    $      5,761        4.00%   $    8,642        6.00%
   Central Bank and Trust           $      5,200          10.76%    $      1,933        4.00%   $    2,899        6.00%
   First National Bank of
      South Georgia                 $      5,899           9.71%    $      2,429        4.00%   $    3,643        6.00%
   Merchants and Farmers Bank       $      6,017          10.04%    $      2,397        4.00%   $    3,595        6.00%
   Tri-County Bank                  $      5,148          14.27%    $      1,443        4.00%   $    2,164        5.00%
   First Bank of Brunswick          $     11,010          10.75%    $      4,098        4.00%   $    6,147        5.00%
Tier I Capital
   to Average Assets:
   Consolidated                     $    103,506           9.26%    $     43,874         4.00%        - - - N/A - - -
   American Banking Company         $     12,710           7.18%    $      7,067         4.00%  $     8,834        5.00%
   Heritage Community Bank          $      5,834           8.48%    $      2,753         4.00%  $     3,442        5.00%
   Bank of Thomas County            $      3,487           7.53%    $      1,852         4.00%  $     2,314        5.00%
   Citizens Security Bank           $     11,876           8.03%    $      5,989         4.00%  $     7,486        5.00%
   Cairo Banking Company            $      6,627           8.44%    $      3,129         4.00%  $     3,912        5.00%
   Southland Bank                   $     17,393           6.99%    $     10,081         4.00%  $    12,602        5.00%
   Central Bank and Trust           $      5,200           8.66%    $      2,400         4.00%  $     2,999        5.00%
   First National Bank of
      South Georgia                 $      5,899           7.88%    $      2,991         4.00%  $     3,738        5.00%
   Merchants and Farmers Bank       $      6,017          11.09%    $      2,344         4.00%  $     2,931        5.00%
   Tri-County Bank                  $      5,148           8.42%    $      2,557         4.00%  $     3,196        5.00%
   First Bank of Brunswick          $     11,010           7.56%    $      6,300         4.00%  $     7,875        5.00%
</TABLE>

                                      F-29

<PAGE>

                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 17.     REGULATORY MATTERS (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  To Be Well
                                                                        For Capital            Capitalized Under
                                                                          Adequacy             Prompt Corrective
                                                Actual                    Purposes             Action Provisions
                                       -------------------------  ------------------------- ------------------------
                                         Amount         Ratio        Amount        Ratio       Amount        Ratio
                                       ------------  -----------  ------------  ----------- ------------  ----------
As of December 31, 2000                                           (Dollars in Thousands)
                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>               <C>      <C>                <C>    <C>              <C>
Total Capital
    to Risk Weighted Assets:
   Consolidated                        $    87,544       14.61%   $    47,935        8.00%        - - -N/A - - -
   American Banking Company            $    14,877       12.43%   $     9,574        8.00%  $    11,967      10.00%
   Heritage Community Bank             $     5,195       10.88%   $     3,819        8.00%  $     4,774      10.00%
   Bank of Thomas County               $     3,282       11.65%   $     2,253        8.00%  $     2,816      10.00%
   Citizens Security Bank              $    12,486       13.75%   $     7,263        8.00%  $     9,079      10.00%
   Cairo Banking Company               $     7,147       13.49%   $     4,237        8.00%  $     5,297      10.00%
   Southland Bank                      $    17,024       13.36%   $    10,194        8.00%  $    12,742      10.00%
   Central Bank and Trust              $     5,122       12.26%   $     3,342        8.00%  $     4,178      10.00%
   First National Bank of
      South Georgia                    $     6,443       10.44%   $     4,936        8.00%  $     6,170      10.00%
   Merchants and Farmers Bank          $     4,766       14.56%   $     2,618        8.00%  $     3,273      10.00%

Tier I Capital
   to Risk Weighted Assets:
   Consolidated                        $    79,954       13.34%   $    23,967        4.00%        - - -N/A - - -
   American Banking Company            $    13,378       11.18%   $     4,787        4.00%   $    7,180        6.00%
   Heritage Community Bank             $     4,624        9.69%   $     1,910        4.00%   $    2,864        6.00%
   Bank of Thomas County               $     2,929       10.40%   $     1,126        4.00%   $    1,690        6.00%
   Citizens Security Bank              $    11,319       12.47%   $     3,631        4.00%   $    5,447        6.00%
   Cairo Banking Company               $     6,477       12.23%   $     2,119        4.00%   $    3,178        6.00%
   Southland Bank                      $    15,381       12.07%   $     5,097        4.00%   $    7,645        6.00%
   Central Bank and Trust              $     4,596       11.00%   $     1,671        4.00%   $    2,507        6.00%
   First National Bank of
      South Georgia                    $     5,672        9.19%   $     2,468        4.00%   $    3,702        6.00%
   Merchants and Farmers Bank          $     4,355       13.31%   $     1,309        4.00%   $    1,964        6.00%
Tier I Capital
   to Average Assets:
   Consolidated                        $    79,954        9.86%   $    32,422        4.00%         - - -N/A - - -
   American Banking Company            $    13,378        8.79%   $     6,091        4.00%   $     7,614        5.00%
   Heritage Community Bank             $     4,624        8.03%   $     2,302        4.00%   $     2,877        5.00%
   Bank of Thomas County               $     2,929        7.64%   $     1,534        4.00%   $     1,917        5.00%
   Citizens Security Bank              $    11,319        7.98%   $     5,672        4.00%   $     7,091        5.00%
   Cairo Banking Company               $     6,477        8.41%   $     3,079        4.00%   $     3,849        5.00%
   Southland Bank                      $    15,381        8.37%   $     7,350        4.00%   $     9,187        5.00%
   Central Bank and Trust              $     4,596        7.48%   $     2,456        4.00%   $     3,070        5.00%
   First National Bank of
      South Georgia                    $     5,672        8.04%   $     2,822        4.00%   $     3,527        5.00%
   Merchants and Farmers Bank          $     4,355        8.92%   $     1,954        4.00%   $     2,442        5.00%
</TABLE>

                                      F-30

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 18.     FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

             The fair value of a financial instrument is the current amount that
             would be exchanged between willing parties, other than in a
             forced liquidation. Fair value is best determined based upon
             quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no
             quoted market prices for the Company's various financial
             instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not
             available, fair values are based on estimates using present value
             or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly
             affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and
             estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value
             estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the
             instrument. SFAS 107 excludes certain financial instruments and
             all nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure requirements.
             Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented may not
             necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the Company.

             The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in
             estimating fair value disclosures for financial instruments.

             CASH, DUE FROM BANKS, INTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS IN BANKS AND
             FEDERAL FUNDS SOLD:

                The carrying amounts of cash, due from banks, interest-bearing
                deposits in banks and federal funds sold/purchased approximate
                fair values.

             SECURITIES:

                Fair values for securities are based on available quoted market
                prices. The carrying values of equity securities with no readily
                determinable fair value approximate fair values.

             LOANS:

                For variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and have no
                significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on
                carrying values. For other loans, the fair values are estimated
                using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates
                currently being offered for loans with similar terms to
                borrowers with similar credit quality. Fair values for impaired
                loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses or
                underlying collateral values, where applicable.

             DEPOSITS:

                The carrying amounts of demand deposits, savings deposits, and
                variable-rate certificates of deposit approximate their fair
                values. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are
                estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies
                interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a
                schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time
                deposits.

             FEDERAL FUND PURCHASED, REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS AND OTHER
             BORROWINGS:

                The fair values of the Company's fixed rate other borrowings
                are estimated using discounted cash flow models based on the
                Company's current incremental borrowing rates for similar types
                of borrowing arrangements. The carrying amounts of all other
                variable rate borrowings, federal funds purchased, and
                securities sold under agreements to repurchase approximate their
                fair values.

             TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES:

                The fair value of the Company's fixed rate trust preferred
                securities are based on available quoted market prices.

                                      F-31

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 18.     FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

             ACCRUED INTEREST:

                The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate their
                fair values.

             OFF-BALANCE-SHEET INSTRUMENTS :

                Fair values of the Company's off-balance-sheet financial
                instruments are based on fees currently charged to enter into
                similar agreements. Since the majority of the Company's
                off-balance-sheet instruments consist of nonfee-producing,
                variable-rate commitments, the Company has determined they do
                not have a distinguishable fair value.

                The carrying value and estimated fair value of the Company's
                financial instruments were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               December 31, 2001              December 31, 2000
                                           --------------------------    ----------------------------
                                             Carrying         Fair         Carrying          Fair
                                              Amount         Value          Amount          Value
                                           ------------   -----------    ------------   -------------
                                                            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>
Financial assets:
    Cash and short-term investments        $   157,475   $   157,475     $    43,363    $     43,363
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============
    Federal funds sold                     $        44   $        44     $       -      $        -
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============
    Investments in securities              $   156,835   $   156,835     $   162,105    $    162,105
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============

    Loans                                  $   805,076   $   819,616     $   587,381    $    576,607
    Allowance for loan losses                   14,944            -            9,832             -
                                           ------------  ------------    ------------   -------------
               Loans, net                  $   790,132   $   819,616     $   577,549    $    576,607
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============

    Accrued interest receivable            $    10,767   $    10,767     $    11,091    $     11,091
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============

                                               December 31, 2001              December 31, 2000
                                           --------------------------    ----------------------------
                                             Carrying         Fair          Carrying          Fair
                                              Amount         Value           Amount          Value
                                           ------------   -----------    ------------   -------------
                                                            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------

Financial liabilities:
    Deposits                               $   931,156   $   935,729     $   679,885    $    680,844
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============

    Federal funds purchased and securities
      sold under agreements to repurchase  $     3,792   $     3,792     $     2,653    $      2,653
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============

    Other borrowings                       $    95,293   $    94,067     $    55,350    $     55,432
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============

    Accrued interest payable               $     3,611   $     3,611     $     3,265    $      3,265
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============

    Trust preferred securities             $    34,500   $    37,088     $       -      $        -
                                           ============  ============    ============   =============
</TABLE>

                                      F-32

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 19.     CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF ABC BANCORP
             (PARENT COMPANY ONLY)

                                             CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS
                                            DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000
                                              (Dollars In Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              2001             2000
                                                                          ------------     ------------
<S>                                                                       <C>              <C>
Assets
   Cash                                                                   $    22,187      $     1,912
   Interest bearing deposits in banks                                           3,557               -
   Investment in subsidiaries                                                 116,993           75,290
   Other assets                                                                 8,026            7,761
                                                                          ------------     ------------

              Total assets                                                $   150,763      $    84,963
                                                                          ============     ============

Liabilities
   Other borrowings                                                       $     9,607      $     2,000
   Other liabilities                                                            2,508            2,307
   Trust preferred securities                                                  34,500               -
                                                                          ------------     ------------

              Total liabilities                                                46,615            4,307
                                                                          ------------     ------------

Stockholders' equity                                                          104,148           80,656
                                                                          ------------     ------------

              Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                  $   150,763      $    84,963
                                                                          ============     ============
</TABLE>

                                      F-33

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 19.     CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF ABC BANCORP
             (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) (CONTINUED)

                                        CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                                            (Dollars In Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    2001             2000            1999
                                                                 ------------   -------------   -------------
<S>                                                              <C>            <C>             <C>
Income
   Dividends from subsidiaries                                   $     7,386    $      7,645    $     5,582
   Interest                                                              212              52             94
   Fee income                                                          9,252           8,424          6,804
   Other income                                                        1,002             645            967
                                                                 ------------   -------------   -------------
         Total income                    `                            17,852          16,766         13,447
                                                                 ------------   -------------   -------------

Expense
   Interest                                                              911             174            170
   Amortization and depreciation                                       1,599             935            721
   Other expense                                                      10,116           9,716          7,990
                                                                 ------------   -------------   -------------
         Total expense                                                12,626          10,825          8,881
                                                                 ------------   -------------   -------------

         Income before income tax benefits
              and equity in undistributed earnings                     5,226           5,941          4,566

Income tax benefits                                                      590             621            200
                                                                 ------------   -------------   -------------

         Income before equity in undistributed earnings                5,816           6,562          4,766

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries                       3,817           3,536          4,190
                                                                 ------------   -------------   -------------

         Net income                                              $     9,633    $     10,098    $     8,956
                                                                 ============   =============   =============
</TABLE>

                                      F-34

<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 19.     CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF ABC BANCORP
             (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) (CONTINUED)

                                    CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                               YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                                             (Dollars In Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   2001             2000            1999
                                                               -------------   -------------   -------------
<S>                                                            <C>             <C>             <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
   Net income                                                  $    9,633      $   10,098      $     8,956
                                                               ------------    ------------    -------------
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to
      net cash provided by operating activities:
      Depreciation and amortization                                   698             636              408
      Amortization of intangible assets                               299             299              313
      Amortization of compensation expense                            602             387              191
      Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries                       (3,817)         (3,536)          (4,190)
      (Increase) decrease in interest receivable                       (2)              2               (2)
      Increase (decrease) in interest payable                          58               -               (1)
      Increase (decrease) in taxes payable                           (552)             91              866
      Provision for deferred taxes                                   (284)           (203)            (104)
      (Increase) decrease in due from subsidiaries                    (61)           (117)              29
      Other operating activities                                     (729)            302             (312)
                                                               ------------    ------------    -------------
              Total adjustments                                    (3,788)         (2,139)          (2,802)
                                                               ------------    ------------    -------------

         Net cash provided by operating activities                  5,845           7,959            6,154
                                                               ------------    ------------    -------------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
   (Increase) decrease in interest-bearing deposits in banks       (3,557)          1,200           (1,200)
   Purchases of premises and equipment                               (111)         (1,521)          (1,792)
   Contribution of capital to subsidiary bank                      (8,500)           (400)            (600)
   Purchase of securities available for sale                            -               -             (221)
   Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment                       422             979                -
   Net cash paid for purchased subsidiaries                       (11,681)              -                -
                                                               ------------    ------------    -------------

         Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities      (23,427)            258           (3,813)
                                                               ------------    ------------    -------------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   Repayment of other borrowings                              $    (7,131)    $      (500)    $          -
   Purchase of treasury shares                                          -          (4,162)             (88)
   Dividends paid                                                  (4,262)         (3,745)          (2,898)
   Proceeds from other borrowings                                  14,738               -                -
   Proceeds from issuance of trust preferred                       34,500               -                -
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options                             12               -                -
                                                              -------------   -------------   -------------

         Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities       37,857          (8,407)          (2,986)
                                                              -------------   -------------   -------------

Net increase (decrease) in cash                                    20,275            (190)            (645)

Cash at beginning of year                                           1,912           2,102            2,747
                                                              -------------   -------------   -------------

Cash at end of year                                           $    22,187     $     1,912     $      2,102
                                                              =============   =============   =============

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF
   CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   Cash paid during the year for interest                     $       853     $       174     $        171
</TABLE>

                                      F-35

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
