<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a2043169z10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                ---------------

                                   FORM 10-K
 (Mark One)
[X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000
                                       OR
[ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
         OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                       For the transition period from          to

                         Commission File Number 1-10560

                          BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS, INC.
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

                                ---------------

                 Texas                                        74-2211011
     (State or other Jurisdiction of                       (I.R.S. Employer
     Incorporation or Organization)                      Identification Number)

        3000 Technology Drive                                   77515
           Angleton, Texas                                    (Zip Code)
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

              Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
                                 (979) 849-6550
                                ---------------

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                      Name of Each Exchange
         Title of Each Class                           on Which Registered
         -------------------                           -------------------

Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share            New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
    Preferred Stock Purchase Rights                New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
                                ---------------

     Indicate  by  check  mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by  Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for  such  shorter period that the
registrant  was required  to  file such  reports), and  (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No .

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405  of Regulation  S-K is not  contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the  best  of  registrant's   knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or information
statements  incorporated  by  reference  in Part III  of  this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

     As of March 29, 2001, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was
19,601,953. As of such date, the aggregate market value of the shares of Common
Stock held by non-affiliates, based on the closing price of the Common Stock on
the New York Stock Exchange on such date, was approximately $364.7 million.

                      Documents Incorporated by Reference:

(1)  Portions of the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year
     ended December 31, 2000 (Part II Items 5-8 and Part IV Item 14(a)(1)).
(2)  Portions of the Company's  Proxy  Statement for the 2001 Annual  Meeting of
     Shareholders (Part III, Items 10-13).


<PAGE>


                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            Page

                                     PART I

ITEM  1.        Business ..................................................    1
ITEM  2.        Properties ................................................    8
ITEM  3.        Legal Proceedings .........................................    9
ITEM  4.        Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders .......    9

                                     PART II

ITEM  5.        Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
                  Shareholder Matters .....................................    9
ITEM  6.        Selected Financial Data ...................................    9
ITEM  7.        Management's Discussion and Analysis of
                  Financial Condition and Results of Operations ...........   10
Item 7A.        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
                  About Market Risk .......................................   10
ITEM  8.        Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ...............   10
ITEM  9.        Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                  Accounting and Financial Disclosure .....................   10

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.        Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant ........   10
ITEM 11.        Executive Compensation ....................................   10
ITEM 12.        Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
                  and Management ..........................................   10
ITEM 13.        Certain Relationships and Related Transactions ............   10

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.        Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and
                  Reports on Form 8-K .....................................   11


                                       ii
<PAGE>


                                     PART I

Item 1.  Business

Background

     Benchmark  Electronics,  Inc.,  formerly  named  Electronics,  Inc.,  began
operations  in 1979 and was  incorporated  under  Texas  law in 1981 as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Intermedics,  Inc., a medical implant  manufacturer based in
Angleton,  Texas. In 1986,  Intermedics  sold 90% of the  outstanding  shares of
common stock of the Company to Electronic  Investors Corp., a corporation formed
by Donald E.  Nigbor,  Steven A. Barton and Cary T. Fu,  three of our  executive
officers. In 1988, Electronic Investors Corp. was merged into Benchmark,  and in
1990 we completed the initial public offering of our common stock.


General

     We are  in the  business  of  manufacturing  electronics  and  provide  our
services to original  equipment  manufacturers of  telecommunication  equipment,
computers     and     related     products     for     business     enterprises,
video/audio/entertainment  products,  industrial control equipment,  testing and
instrumentation  products,  personal computers and medical devices. The services
that we provide are commonly referred to as electronics  manufacturing services.
We offer our customers  comprehensive  and integrated  design and  manufacturing
services,  from initial  product  design to volume  production  and direct order
fulfillment.  We provide  specialized  engineering  services  including  product
design,  printed  circuit board layout,  prototyping  and test  development.  We
believe that we have developed strengths in the manufacturing process for large,
complex,  high-density  printed  circuit  boards  as  well  as  the  ability  to
manufacture  high and low volume  products in lower cost  regions  such as Latin
America and  Southeast  Asia.  As our  customers  expand  internationally,  they
increasingly require their electronics  manufacturing  services partners to have
strategic  regional locations and global  procurement  capabilities.  We believe
that  our  global  manufacturing  presence  of 16  facilities  in six  countries
increases  our ability to be  responsive  to our  customers'  needs by providing
accelerated   time-to-market  and  time-to-volume  production  of  high  quality
products.  These  capabilities  should  enable  us to build  stronger  strategic
relationships  with our  customers  and to become a more  integral part of their
operations.

     Substantially all of our  manufacturing  services are provided on a turnkey
basis,  whereby we purchase  customer-specified  components  from our suppliers,
assemble  the   components  on  finished   printed   circuit   boards,   perform
post-production  testing and provide our customers with  production  process and
testing documentation. We offer our customers flexible,  "just-in-time" delivery
programs  allowing  product  shipments  to  be  closely   coordinated  with  our
customers' inventory requirements. Additionally, we complete the assembly of our
customers'  products at our  facilities  by  integrating  printed  circuit board
assemblies  into other  elements of our  customers'  products.  We also  provide
manufacturing  services on a consignment  basis,  whereby we utilize  components
supplied  by the  customer  to  provide  assembly  and  post-production  testing
services.  We currently  operate,  on  approximately  1.8 million square feet, a
total of 57  surface  mount  production  lines  at our  domestic  facilities  in
Alabama, Minnesota, New Hampshire,  Massachusetts,  Oregon, Tennessee, Texas and
Virginia; and 30 surface mount production lines at our international  facilities
in Brazil, Ireland,  Mexico,  Scotland, and Singapore.  Surface mount production
lines are assembly lines where electrical  components are soldered directly onto
printed circuit boards.

     Since the beginning of 1996, we have completed five  acquisitions that have
broadened  our service  offerings,  diversified  our customer  base with leading
original  equipment  manufacturers  and expanded our  geographic  presence.  Our
October  2000  acquisition  of  the  assets  of the  MSI  Division  of  Outreach
Technologies,  Inc.  provided us with additional  manufacturing  capacity in the
northeastern  United States.  Our August 1999  acquisition of AVEX  Electronics,
Inc. and Kilbride  Holdings B.V.  provided us with a global presence and enabled
us  to  increase  our  scale  of   operations   and  expand  our  customer  base
significantly. We have also acquired EMD Technologies, Inc., Lockheed Commercial
Electronics  Company,  and certain assets from Stratus Computer  Ireland,  which
improved our engineering capabilities,  increased our manufacturing capacity and
expanded our international presence. In addition to these

                                       1
<PAGE>

acquisitions,  the opening of a new facility in Mansfield,  Massachusetts during
2000  provided  additional  manufacturing  capacity in the  northeastern  United
States and the  opening of new systems  integration  facilities  in  Huntsville,
Alabama and Singapore expanded our systems integration capabilities.

     We  believe   our   primary   competitive   advantages   are  our   design,
manufacturing,  testing and supply chain management  capabilities.  We offer our
customers complete and flexible manufacturing solutions that provide accelerated
time-to-market,  time-to-volume  production,  and reduced production costs. As a
result of working  closely with our customers and  responding  promptly to their
needs,  we have become an integral part of their  operations.  In addition,  our
workforce  is led by a  management  team that  founded  the  Company  and has an
average of 19 years of industry experience.

Business Strategy

     Our  goal  is to be  the  electronics  manufacturing  services  outsourcing
provider  of choice to  leading  original  equipment  manufacturers  in the high
growth  segments  of the  electronics  industry.  To  meet  this  goal,  we have
implemented the following strategies:

     o    Maintain and Develop Close,  Long-Term  Relationships  with Customers.
          Our core strategy is to maintain and establish long-term relationships
          with leading original equipment  manufacturers in expanding industries
          by  becoming  an  integral  part  of  our   customers'   manufacturing
          operations. To this end, we work closely with our customers throughout
          the  design,  manufacturing  and  distribution  process,  and we offer
          flexible  and  responsive  services.  We believe  we develop  stronger
          customer  relationships  by relying on our local management teams that
          respond to frequently  changing  customer  design  specifications  and
          production requirements.

     o    Focus  on  High-End  Products  in  High  Growth  Sectors.  Electronics
          manufacturing  services providers produce products for a wide range of
          original equipment  manufacturers in different high growth industries,
          such  as  consumer   electronics,   Internet-focused   businesses  and
          telecommunications  equipment.  The product  scope ranges from easy to
          assemble,  low-cost  high-volume  products  targeted  for the consumer
          market to complicated  state-of-the-art,  mission critical  electronic
          hardware. Similarly, original equipment manufacturers' customers range
          from  consumer-oriented  companies that compete primarily on price and
          redesign  their  products  every  year to  manufacturers  of  high-end
          telecommunications  equipment  and computer  and related  products for
          business  enterprises  that  compete on  technology  and  quality.  We
          currently  offer  state-of-the-art  products for industry  leaders who
          require specialized engineering design and production services as well
          as offering  high volume  manufacturing  capabilities  to our customer
          base. Our ability to offer both of these services enables us to expand
          our business relationships.

     o    Deliver Complete High and Low Volume Manufacturing Solutions Globally.
          We believe original equipment manufacturers are increasingly requiring
          from  electronics  manufacturing  services  providers  a wide range of
          specialized  engineering and manufacturing services in order to reduce
          their costs and accelerate  their  time-to-market  and  time-to-volume
          production.  Building on our integrated  engineering and manufacturing
          capabilities,  we offer services from initial  product design and test
          to final product assembly and  distribution to the original  equipment
          manufacturers' customers. With the AVEX acquisition, we also offer our
          customers  high volume  production  in low cost  regions of the world,
          such as Brazil and Mexico. These full service capabilities allow us to
          offer  customers  the  flexibility  to move  quickly  from  design and
          initial introduction to production and distribution.

                                       2
<PAGE>



     o    Leverage   Advanced   Technological   Capabilities.   Our  traditional
          strengths in the manufacturing processes for assembling large, complex
          high-density  printed  circuit  boards  enable  us to offer  customers
          advanced  design,  technology  and  manufacturing  solutions for their
          primary  products.  We provide this engineering  expertise through our
          design  capabilities  in each  of our  facilities,  and in our  design
          centers located in Winona,  Minnesota,  Huntsville,  Alabama and Cork,
          Ireland.  We  believe  our  capabilities  help our  customers  improve
          product performance and reduce costs.

     o    Continue Our Global Expansion.  A strategically  positioned facilities
          network can simplify and shorten an original equipment  manufacturer's
          supply chain and reduce the time it takes to bring  product to market.
          We are committed to pursuing geographic  expansion in order to support
          our  global  customers  with  cost-effective  and timely  delivery  of
          quality  products  and  services   worldwide.   Our  AVEX  acquisition
          significantly   expanded  our  service   scope  to  provide  a  global
          manufacturing  solution to our customers at 16  facilities  located in
          Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Scotland, Singapore and the United States.

     o    Selectively  Pursue  Strategic  Acquisitions.  We have  completed five
          acquisitions  since July 1996 and will  continue to  selectively  seek
          acquisition opportunities. Our acquisitions have enhanced our business
          in the following ways:

          o    expanded geographic presence;
          o    enhanced customer growth opportunities;
          o    developed strategic relationships;
          o    broadened service offerings;
          o    diversified into new market sectors; and
          o    added experienced management teams.

     We believe that growth by selective  acquisitions is critical for achieving
the scale,  flexibility  and  breadth of  customer  services  required to remain
competitive in the electronics manufacturing services industry.

Acquisitions

     Since July 1996, we have completed five  acquisitions.  These  acquisitions
have broadened our service offerings, diversified our customer base with leading
original  equipment  manufacturers and expanded our geographic  presence.  These
acquisitions were:

o    MSI  Division.  On October 2, 2000,  we acquired  substantially  all of the
     assets and properties,  net of assumed liabilities,  of the MSI Division of
     Outreach  Technologies,   Inc.  Now  operated  as  our  Manassas,  Virginia
     division,  this facility provided additional  manufacturing capacity in the
     northeastern United States.

o    AVEX  Electronics,  Inc.  and related  companies.  On August 24,  1999,  we
     completed  the  acquisition  of  AVEX,  one of the  largest  privately-held
     contract manufacturers. This acquisition provided us a global presence with
     14 facilities in eight countries at the time of the acquisition and a sales
     base of approximately $1.5 billion on a pro forma basis for 1999. With this
     acquisition,   we  became  the  sixth  largest  publicly  held  electronics
     manufacturing services provider in the world based on 1998 pro forma sales.
     This  acquisition  expanded our customer base to  approximately 90 original
     equipment manufacturers in a broader range of end user markets.

                                       3
<PAGE>



o    Stratus Computer Ireland. On March 1, 1999, we acquired various assets from
     Stratus Computer  Ireland,  and in connection with the transaction  entered
     into a three-year supply agreement to provide system  integration  services
     to Ascend and Stratus Holdings  Limited.  The acquired assets increased our
     ability to provide a broad  range of services  to the  European  market and
     enhanced our systems integration capabilities and our box build engineering
     capabilities,  which is the process of building the  finished  product from
     subassemblies.  The process may also involve loading  software and optional
     configuration.

0    Lockheed  Commercial  Electronics  Company.  In February  1998, we acquired
     Lockheed Commercial  Electronics Company. This acquisition provided us with
     manufacturing  capacity in the northeastern United States and 19 additional
     customers. Now operated as our Hudson, New Hampshire division, the facility
     provides a broad range of services including:

     o    assembly and testing of printed circuit boards;
     o    systems assembly and testing;
     o    prototyping,  which is building initial quantities of a new product to
          test and refine the design;
     o    depot repair,  which is the method of repairing equipment in which the
          customer ships a damaged product to a central location for repair,  as
          opposed to field repair;
     o    materials procurement; and
     o    engineering and design support services.

o    EMD Technologies, Inc. In July 1996, we acquired EMD Technologies, Inc., an
     independent  provider  of  electronics  manufacturing  and  product  design
     services.  Now operated as our Winona,  Minnesota  division,  this facility
     provides a complete range of enhanced product design and configurations for
     subsystems and enclosures. In addition to design services, this acquisition
     provided us with manufacturing capabilities in the midwestern United States
     and 19 additional customers.

Electronics Manufacturing Services Industry

         Many original equipment  manufacturers in the electronics  industry are
increasingly using electronics manufacturing service providers in their business
and  manufacturing  strategies  and are  seeking to  outsource  a broad range of
manufacturing  and related  engineering  services.  Outsourcing  allows original
equipment manufacturers to take advantage of the manufacturing expertise of, and
capital  investments  by,  electronics  manufacturing  service  providers.  This
enables original equipment  manufacturers to concentrate on what they believe to
be their core  strengths,  such as  product  development,  marketing  and sales.
Original  equipment  manufacturers  utilize  electronics  manufacturing  service
providers to enhance their competitive position by:

     o    reducing capital investment requirements and fixed overhead costs;

     o    accessing advanced manufacturing and design capabilities;

     o    reducing production costs;

     o    accelerating time-to-market and time-to-volume production;

     o    improving inventory management and purchasing power; and

     o    accessing worldwide manufacturing capabilities.

Services We Provide

     Engineering.  Our  approach  is to  coordinate  and  integrate  our design,
prototype and other engineering capabilities.  Through this approach, we provide
a broad range of engineering  services and, in some cases,  dedicated production
lines  for  prototypes.   These  services   strengthen  our  relationships  with
manufacturing   customers  and  attract  new  customers  requiring   specialized
engineering services.

                                       4
<PAGE>

     To  assist  customers  with  initial  design,  we offer  computer  assisted
engineering,   computer  assisted  design,  engineering  for  manufacturability,
circuit board layout and test development.  We also coordinate industrial design
and tooling for product manufacturing.  After product design, we offer quickturn
prototyping, which means a rapid process of prototyping. During this process, we
assist with the transition to volume  production.  By  participating  in product
design  and  prototype  development,  we  can  reduce  manufacturing  costs  and
accelerate the cycle from product introduction to large-scale production.

     Materials Procurement and Management.  Materials procurement and management
consists of the planning,  purchasing,  expediting and warehousing of components
and  materials.  Our inventory  management and volume  procurement  capabilities
contribute  to cost  reductions  and reduce  total  cycle  time.  Our  materials
strategy is focused on leveraging our  procurement  volume  corporate wide while
providing  local  execution for maximum  flexibility at the division  level.  In
addition, our Dublin, Ireland facility has developed material processes required
to support high-end computer system integration operations.

     Assembly and  Manufacturing.  Our  manufacturing  and  assembly  operations
include  printed  circuit boards and subsystem  assembly,  box build and systems
integration,  the process of integrating  sub-systems and  downloading  software
before  producing a fully  configured  product.  We purchase the printed circuit
boards used in our assembly operations from third parties. A substantial portion
of our sales is derived from the manufacture and assembly of complete  products.
We  employ  various  inventory  management  techniques,  such  as  just-in-time,
ship-to-stock and  autoreplenish,  which are programs designed to ensure timely,
convenient and efficient  delivery of assembled  products to our  customers.  As
original  equipment  manufacturers  seek to  provide  greater  functionality  in
smaller products,  they increasingly  require more  sophisticated  manufacturing
technologies and processes.  Our investment in advanced manufacturing  equipment
and our experience in innovative packaging and interconnect  technologies enable
us to offer a variety of advanced manufacturing  solutions.  These packaging and
interconnect technologies include:

     o    chip scale packaging, the part of semiconductor manufacturing in which
          the  semiconductor  die is bonded and sealed into a ceramic or plastic
          package which physically protects the semiconductor device; and

     o    ball grid array, a method of attaching components to a printed circuit
          board through balls of solder that are arranged in a grid pattern.

     Testing.  We offer  computer-aided  testing of  assembled  printed  circuit
boards,  subsystems and systems, which contributes  significantly to our ability
to  deliver  high-quality  products  on a  consistent  basis.  We work  with our
customers to develop  product-specific  test strategies.  Our test  capabilities
include manufacturing defect analysis, in-circuit tests to test the circuitry of
the board and  functional  tests.  We either  custom  design test  equipment and
software ourselves or use test equipment and software provided by our customers.
In addition,  we provide  environmental  stress tests of assemblies of boards or
systems.

     Distribution.  We  offer  our  customers  flexible,  just-in-time  delivery
programs  allowing product  shipments to be closely  coordinated with customers'
inventory requirements.  Increasingly, we ship products directly into customers'
distribution  channels or directly to the end-user. We believe that this service
can provide our customers with a more comprehensive  solution and enable them to
be more responsive to market demands.

Marketing and Customers

     We market  our  services  through  a direct  sales  force  and  independent
marketing representatives.  In addition, our divisional and executive management
teams are an integral part of our sales and marketing  teams.  During 2000,  our
two largest customers,  EMC and Sun Microsystems,  each represented in excess of
10% of total sales and, in the aggregate, represented 25.9% of total sales.

                                       6
<PAGE>


     The following  table sets forth the  percentages of the Company's  sales by
industry for 2000, 1999 and 1998.

                                                    2000   1999   1998
                                                    ----   ----   ----

          Computers & related products for
              business enterprises ..............    36%    30%    44%
          Telecommunication equipment ...........    34     39     31
          Video/Audio/Entertainment products ....    10      6     --
          Industrial control equipment ..........     8      9      9
          Testing & instrumentation products ....     7      4      5
          Medical devices .......................     5      6     11
          Personal computers ....................    --      6     --



Suppliers

     We maintain a network of suppliers of components  and other  materials used
in assembling printed circuit boards. We procure components only when a purchase
order  or  forecast  is  received  from  a  customer  and  occasionally  utilize
components  or other  materials  for which a supplier  is the  single  source of
supply.  Although we  experience  component  shortages  and longer lead times of
various  components from time to time, we have generally been able to reduce the
impact of the  component  shortages  by working  with  customers  to  reschedule
deliveries,  by working with  suppliers to provide the needed  components  using
just-in-time  inventory programs, or by purchasing components at somewhat higher
prices  from  distributors,  rather  than  directly  from  manufacturers.  These
procedures  reduce,  but do not eliminate,  our inventory risk. In addition,  by
developing long-term  relationships with suppliers,  we have been better able to
minimize  the effects of component  shortages  than  manufacturers  without such
relationships.  In recent months, component shortages have become more prevalent
in our industry and, as a result,  suppliers of such components are filling only
portions of orders from  customers  such as us. We expect this trend to continue
from time to time in the future.

Backlog

     Our backlog was approximately  $1.6 billion at December 31, 2000,  compared
to $1 billion at December 31, 1999. Although we expect to fill substantially all
of our December 31, 2000  backlog  during 2001,  at December 31, 2000 we did not
have long-term agreements with all of our customers,  and customer orders can be
canceled,  changed or delayed by customers.  The timely replacement of canceled,
changed or delayed orders with orders from new customers cannot be assured,  nor
can there be any assurance  that any of our current  customers  will continue to
utilize our  services.  Because of these  factors,  backlog is not a  meaningful
indicator of future financial results.

Competition

     The electronics  manufacturing  services we provide are available from many
independent  sources as well as in-house  manufacturing  capabilities of current
and potential customers.  Our competitors include Celestica,  Inc.,  Flextronics
International  Ltd.,  Jabil  Circuit,  Inc.,  SCI Systems,  Inc.  and  Solectron
Corporation,  who may be more established in the industry and have substantially
greater financial,  manufacturing or marketing  resources than we do. We believe
that the  principal  competitive  factors in our  targeted  markets  are product
quality,  flexibility  and  timeliness  in  responding  to design  and  schedule
changes,   reliability  in  meeting   product   delivery   schedules,   pricing,
technological sophistication and geographic location.

                                       6
<PAGE>



Governmental Regulation

     Our  operations,  and the  operations  of businesses  that we acquire,  are
subject to certain foreign,  federal,  state and local  regulatory  requirements
relating to environmental,  waste management,  and health and safety matters. We
believe we operate in substantial  compliance with all applicable  requirements.
However,  material costs and  liabilities  may arise from these  requirements or
from new, modified or more stringent  requirements.  In addition,  past, current
and future  operations  may give rise to claims of exposure by  employees or the
public or to other  claims  or  liabilities  relating  to  environmental,  waste
management or health and safety concerns.

     We  periodically   generate  and  temporarily  handle  limited  amounts  of
materials that are considered  hazardous waste under applicable law. We contract
for the  off-site  disposal  of these  materials  and have  implemented  a waste
management program to address related regulatory issues.

Employees

     As of December  31,  2000,  we employed  6,158  people,  of whom 4,652 were
engaged  in  manufacturing   and  operations,   929  in  materials  control  and
procurement,  99 in design and development,  122 in marketing and sales, and 356
in administration.  Although a majority of our workforce is non-union, employees
in our  facilities  in Brazil and Mexico are  unionized,  and work councils have
been established at our facilities in Cork, Ireland,  and Scotland.  The Company
has not experienced a strike or similar work stoppage and its relations with its
employees are satisfactory.

Segments and International Operations

     Benchmark has 16 manufacturing facilities in the Americas, Europe, and Asia
regions to serve its customers. Benchmark is operated and managed geographically
and management evaluates  performance and allocates  Benchmark's  resources on a
geographic basis. See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements for
segment and geographical information.  Prior to the acquisitions in 1999, all of
our operations  were in the Americas  region.  We currently  operate outside the
United States in Brazil,  Ireland,  Mexico,  Scotland,  and Singapore.  In 2000,
approximately  20.1% of our sales  were from  operations  outside  of the United
States.  As a result of continuous  customer demand overseas,  we expect foreign
sales to increase. Our foreign sales and operations are subject to risk of doing
business abroad, including fluctuations in the value of currency, export duties,
import controls and trade barriers,  including stoppages, longer payment cycles,
greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection,  burdens of complying with
wide  variety of foreign  laws and,  in  certain  parts of the world,  political
instability.  While,  to  date,  these  factors  have not  adversely  materially
affected Benchmark's results of operations, we cannot assure that there will not
be an adverse impact in the future.

                                       7
<PAGE>



Item 2.  Properties

     Benchmark currently has 16 facilities worldwide.


                       [INSERT WORLD MAP WITH LOCATIONS]








The following chart summarizes the facilities owned or leased by Benchmark
and its subsidiaries:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Location                   Sq. Ft.  Function                                   Ownership
------------------         ------   -----------------                          ---------
<S>                        <C>      <C>                                          <C>
Angleton, Texas            109,000  Executive, manufacturing, and procurement    Owned
Beaverton, Oregon           77,000  Manufacturing                                Leased
Campinas, Brazil            40,000  Manufacturing                                Leased
Cork, Ireland               24,000  Manufacturing and design                     Owned
Dublin, Ireland            149,000  Manufacturing and procurement                Leased
East Kilbride, Scotland     80,000  Manufacturing and procurement                Owned
Guadalajara, Mexico        150,000  Manufacturing                                Leased
Hudson, New Hampshire      262,000  Manufacturing and procurement                Leased
Huntsville, Alabama        276,000  Manufacturing, design and procurement        Owned
Huntsville, Alabama (SI)   144,000  Manufacturing and design                     Leased
Manassas, Virginia          44,000  Manufacturing and procurement                Leased
Mansfield, Massachusetts    44,000  Manufacturing                                Leased
Pulaski, Tennessee         113,000  Manufacturing                                Owned
Singapore                   37,000  Manufacturing and procurement                Leased
Singapore (SI)              36,000  Manufacturing and procurement                Leased
Winona, Minnesota          208,000  Manufacturing, design and procurement        Leased, Owned
                           -------
Total                    1,793,000
                         =========

</TABLE>

                                       8
<PAGE>


Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

         On October 18,  1999,  we  announced  that our third  quarter  earnings
announcement would be delayed and subsequently,  on October 22, we announced our
earning for the third  quarter were below the level of the same  periods  during
1998 and were below  expectations.  Several class action  lawsuits were filed in
federal  district  court in  Houston,  Texas  against  Benchmark  and two of its
officers and directors alleging violations of the federal securities laws. These
lawsuits  were  consolidated  in February  2000.  The  lawsuit  seeks to recover
unspecified  damages.  We deny the  allegations  in the lawsuits,  however,  and
further deny that such allegations provide a basis for recovery of damages as we
believe that we have made all required disclosures on a timely basis. Management
is  vigorously  defending  against  these  actions.  At the present time, we are
unable to reasonably  estimate the possible loss, if any,  associated with these
matters.

         Benchmark filed suit against J. M. Huber Corporation  ("Seller") in the
United States  District  Court for the Southern  District of Texas for breach of
contract,  fraud and  negligent  misrepresentation  on December  14, 1999 and is
seeking an  unspecified  amount of damages in  connection  with the  Amended and
Restated  Stock  Purchase  Agreement  dated  August 12, 1999 between the parties
whereby  Benchmark  acquired all of the stock of AVEX and Kilbride Holdings B.V.
from Seller. On January 5, 2000, Seller filed suit in the United States District
Court for the Southern  District of New York alleging that  Benchmark  failed to
comply with  certain  obligations  under the  contract  requiring  Benchmark  to
register  shares of its common stock  issued to Seller as partial  consideration
for the acquisition.  Seller's suit has been  consolidated with Benchmark's suit
in the  United  States  District  Court  for the  Southern  District  of  Texas.
Benchmark  intends to  vigorously  pursue its claims  against  Seller and defend
against Seller's  allegations.  At the present time, we are unable to reasonably
estimate the possible loss, if any, associated with these matters.

         During the second quarter of 2000, Benchmark, along with numerous other
companies,  was  named as a  defendant  in a  lawsuit  brought  by the  Lemelson
Medical,  Education & Research Foundation (the Foundation).  The lawsuit alleges
that Benchmark has infringed  certain of the  Foundation's  patents  relating to
machine  vision and bar code  technology  utilized  in  machines  Benchmark  has
purchased. On November 11, 2000, we filed an Answer, Affirmative Defenses, and a
Motion to Stay  based  upon  Declaratory  Judgment  Actions  filed by Cognex and
Symbol,  manufacturers  of the  equipment  at issue.  We continue to explore any
indemnity or similar  rights  Benchmark  may have against  manufacturers  of the
machines or other third parties. Management intends to vigorously defend against
such claim and pursue all rights it has against  third  parties.  At the present
time, we are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss, if any, associated
with these matters.

         Benchmark is also involved in various  other legal  actions  arising in
the ordinary  course of  business.  In the opinion of  management,  the ultimate
disposition  of these  matters  will  not  have a  material  adverse  effect  on
Benchmark's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         No matters  were  submitted  to a vote of security  holders  during the
fourth quarter of 2000.

                                    PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters

         The  information  on  page  39  of  the  Company's   Annual  Report  to
Stockholders  for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,  2000 (the "2000  Annual
Report") is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item.

                                       9
<PAGE>

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

         The  information  on page 40 of the 2000 Annual Report is  incorporated
herein by reference in response to this item.

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

         The  information  on pages 9 through  18 of the 2000  Annual  Report is
incorporated herein by reference in response to this item.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

         The  information  on pages 17 through 18 of the 2000  Annual  Report is
incorporated herein by reference in response to this item.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

         The  information  on pages 19 through 39 of the 2000  Annual  Report is
incorporated herein by reference in response to this item.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

         Not applicable.

                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

         The information under the captions "Election of Directors,"  "Executive
Officers" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial  Ownership Reporting  Compliance" in the
Company's Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "2001
Proxy  Statement"),  to be filed not later  than 120 days after the close of the
Company's  fiscal year, is incorporated  herein by reference in response to this
item.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

         The information  under the caption  "Executive  Compensation  and Other
Matters" in the 2001 Proxy Statement,  to be filed not later than 120 days after
the close of the Company's  fiscal year, is incorporated  herein by reference in
response to this item.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

         The  information  under the caption  "Common Stock Ownership of Certain
Beneficial  Owners and Management" in the 2001 Proxy Statement,  to be filed not
later  than  120  days  after  the  close  of  the  Company's  fiscal  year,  is
incorporated herein by reference in response to this item.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         The information  under the caption  "Certain  Transactions" in the 2001
Proxy  Statement,  to be filed  not later  than 120 days  after the close of the
Company's  fiscal year, is incorporated  herein by reference in response to this
item.

                                       10
<PAGE>


                                    PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

         (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules, and Exhibits

1.  Financial Statements of the Company

         Reference is made to the Financial Statements,  the report thereon, the
notes thereto and  supplementary  data  commencing at page 19 of the 2000 Annual
Report,  which financial  statements,  report,  notes and data are  incorporated
herein by reference in response to this item.  Set forth below is a list of such
Financial Statements:

         Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company
         Independent Auditors' Report
         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999
         Consolidated  Statements  of Income for the years  ended  December  31,
         2000, 1999 and 1998
         Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Comprehensive
         Income for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998
         Consolidated  Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
         2000, 1999 and 1998 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2.  Financial Statement Schedule

                          Benchmark Electronics, Inc.

                        Schedule II - Valuation Accounts
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Additions
                                        Balance at   -------------------------------------   Balance at
                                        Beginning    Charges to    Other                       End of
                                        of Period    Operations    Additions    Deductions     Period
                                        --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>            <C>         <C>            <C>          <C>
Year ended December 31, 2000
Allowance for doubtful accounts(1)(2)   $ 7,705          921           64          4,414        4,276

Inventory obsolescence reserve(2)(3)    $20,000        3,748          140         15,662        8,226

Year ended December 31, 1999
Allowance for doubtful accounts(1)(4)   $   100          273        7,332           --          7,705

Inventory obsolescence reserve(4)       $ 3,510        1,911       14,579           --         20,000

Year ended December 31, 1998
Allowance for doubtful accounts(1)      $   156         --           --               56          100

Inventory obsolescence reserve(3)(5)    $ 1,751          583        3,100          1,924        3,510

</TABLE>

(1)  Deductions in the allowance for doubtful accounts represent write-offs, net
     of recoveries, of amounts determined to be uncollectible.
(2)  Other addition relates to the acquisition of MSI.
(3)  Deductions in the inventory  obsolescence  reserve  represent  disposals of
     inventory determined to be obsolete.
(4)  Other addition relates to the acquisition of AVEX.
(5)  Other addition relates to the acquisition of LCEC.

                                       11
<PAGE>

Independent Auditors' Report on Schedule

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Benchmark Electronics, Inc.:

Under date of February 7, 2001, we reported on the  consolidated  balance sheets
of  Benchmark  Electronics,  Inc. and  subsidiaries  as of December 31, 2000 and
1999, and the related  consolidated  statements of income,  shareholders' equity
and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period  ended  December 31, 2000,  as  incorporated  by reference in this annual
report on form 10-K for the year  2000.  In  connection  with the  audits of the
aforementioned  consolidated  financial  statements,  we also have  audited  the
related consolidated  financial statement schedule included in Item 14(a)2. This
financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's  management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this financial statement schedule
based on our audits.

In our opinion,  such financial statement schedule,  when considered in relation
to the  basic  consolidated  financial  statements  taken as a  whole,  presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.






KPMG LLP

Houston, Texas
February 7, 2001

                                       12
<PAGE>



3.  Exhibits

         Each exhibit  marked with an asterisk is filed with this Annual  Report
on Form 10-K.

   Exhibit
   Number                         Description

     2.1  --   Purchase  Agreement  dated as of January  22, 1998 by and between
               the Company and Lockheed Martin Corporation  (incorporated herein
               by reference to Exhibit 2 to the Company's Current Report on Form
               8-K dated February 23, 1998).

     2.2  --   Agreement  and Plan of Merger  dated as of March 27,  1996 by and
               among   the   Company,   Electronics   Acquisition,   Inc.,   EMD
               Technologies,  Inc.,  David H.  Arnold  and  Daniel  M.  Rukavina
               (incorporated  herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to the  Company's
               Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
               1995).

     2.3  --   Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April
               5, 1996 by and among the Company, Electronics Acquisition,  Inc.,
               EMD  Technologies,  Inc.,  David H. Arnold and Daniel M. Rukavina
               (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company's
               Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-4230)).

     2.4  --   Purchase  and  Sale  Agreement  by  and  among  Stratus  Computer
               Ireland,  Ascend  Communications  Inc., BEI  Electronics  Ireland
               Limited and the Company dated January 22, 1999  (incorporated  by
               reference  herein to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's  Current Report
               on Form 8-K dated January 22, 1999).

     2.5  --   Amended and Restated Stock Purchase  Agreement dated as of August
               12, 1999 by and  between the Company and J. M. Huber  Corporation
               (incorporated  by reference  herein to Exhibit 2 to the Company's
               Current  Report on Form 8-K dated  August  24,  1999 and filed on
               September 8, 1999).

     2.6  --   Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Benchmark  Electronics AB
               and  Flextronics   International   Sweden  AB   (incorporated  by
               reference herein to Exhibit 2 to the Company's  Current Report on
               Form 8-K/A dated July 31, 2000).

     3.1  --   Restated  Articles of Incorporation of the Company  (incorporated
               herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's  Registration
               Statement  on  Form  S-1   (Registration   No.   33-46316)   (the
               "Registration Statement")).

     3.2  --   Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company  (incorporated  herein
               by reference  to Exhibit 3.2 to the  Company's  Annual  Report on
               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,1998).

     3.3  --   Amendment to Amended and Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  of
               the Company adopted by the shareholders of the Company on May 20,
               1997  (incorporated  herein by  reference  to Exhibit  3.3 to the
               Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended
               December 31, 1998).

     3.4  --   Statement of Resolution  Establishing  Series A Cumulative Junior
               Participating  Preferred  Stock of  Benchmark  Electronics,  Inc.
               (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit B of the Rights  Agreement
               dated  December  11, 1998  between  the Company and Harris  Trust
               Savings  Bank,  as Rights  Agent,  included  as  Exhibit 1 to the
               Company's Form 8A12B filed December 11, 1998).

     4.1  --   Restated  Articles of Incorporation of the Company  (incorporated
               herein  by   reference   to  Exhibit  3.1  to  the   Registration
               Statement).

                                       13
<PAGE>

     4.2   --  Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company  (incorporated  herein
               by reference  to Exhibit 3.2 to the  Company's  Annual  Report on
               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998).

     4.3   --  Amendment  to  the  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  of the
               Company  adopted by the  shareholders  of the  Company on May 20,
               1997  (incorporated  herein by  reference  to Exhibit  3.3 to the
               Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended
               December 31, 1998).

     4.4   --  Specimen  form  of   certificate   evidencing  the  Common  Stock
               (incorporated   herein  by   reference  to  Exhibit  4.3  to  the
               Registration Statement).

     4.5   --  Rights  Agreement dated December 11, 1998 between the Company and
               Harris Trust Savings  Bank,  as Rights  Agent,  together with the
               following  exhibits  thereto:  Exhibit A -- Form of  Statement of
               Resolution  Establishing Series A Cumulative Junior Participating
               Preferred Stock of Benchmark Electronics, Inc.; Exhibit B -- Form
               of Right  Certificate;  and  Exhibit  C --  Summary  of Rights to
               Purchase   Preferred   Stock  of  Benchmark   Electronics,   Inc.
               (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 1 to the  Company's  Form
               8A12B filed December 11, 1998).

     4.6   --  Summary  of Rights to  Purchase  Preferred  Stock of the  Company
               (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 3 to the  Company's  Form
               8A12B/A filed December 22, 1998).

     4.7   --  Indenture  dated as of August 13, 1999 by and between the Company
               and Harris Trust Company of New York, as trustee (incorporated by
               reference from Exhibit 99.3 to Benchmark's  Form 8-K dated August
               24, 1999 and filed on September 8, 1999).

     10.1  --  Form of Indemnity  Agreement  between the Company and each of its
               directors  and  officers  (incorporated  herein by  reference  to
               Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement).

     10.2  --  Benchmark Electronics,  Inc. Stock Option Plan dated May 11, 1990
               (incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.12  to  the
               Registration Statement).

     10.3  --  Form  of  Benchmark  Electronics,  Inc.  Incentive  Stock  Option
               Agreement  between  the Company  and the  optionee  (incorporated
               herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.13  to  the   Registration
               Statement).

     10.4  --  Form of Benchmark  Electronics,  Inc.  Nonqualified  Stock Option
               Agreement  between  the Company  and the  optionee  (incorporated
               herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.14  to  the   Registration
               Statement).

     10.5* --  First Amendment to Lucent Technologies  Network Systems do Brasil
               S.A.  dated June 14,  2000 by and between  Benchmark  Electronics
               Ltda and Lucent Technologies Network Systems do Brasil S.A.

     10.6  --  Benchmark   Electronics,   Inc.   1994  Stock   Option  Plan  for
               Non-Employee  Directors  (incorporated  herein  by  reference  to
               Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               fiscal year ended December 31, 1994).

     10.7  --  Benchmark   Electronics,   Inc.  401(k)  Employee   Savings  Plan
               (incorporated   herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.7  to  the
               Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended
               December 31, 1999).

     10.8  --  Benchmark   Electronics,   Inc.   Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan
               (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  99.1 to the  Company's
               Registration   Statement   on  Form  S-8   (Registration   Number
               333-76207)).

                                       14
<PAGE>

     10.9 --   Benchmark Electronics,  Inc. 2000 Stock Awards Plan (incorporated
               herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's  Registration
               Statement on Form S-8 (Registration Number 333-54186)).

     10.10 --  Form of incentive  stock option  agreement for use under the 2000
               Stock  Awards Plan  (incorporated  herein by reference to Exhibit
               4.8  to  the  Company's   Registration   Statement  on  Form  S-8
               (Registration Number 333-54186)).

     10.11 --  First Amendment to the Benchmark Electronics, Inc. Employee Stock
               Purchase Plan  (incorporated  herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
               to the  Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
               ended September 30, 2000).

     10.12* -- Lease Agreement dated June 1, 2000 between Industrial  Properties
               of the South and the Company.

     10.13 --  Lease  Agreement   dated  February  29,  2000  between   Millikan
               Properties, LLC and the Company (incorporated herein by reference
               to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for
               the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999).

     10.14 --  Lease Agreement dated July 30, 1996 by and among David H. Arnold,
               Muriel M. Arnold,  Daniel M.  Rukavina,  Patricia A. Rukavina and
               EMD Associates, Inc., as amended by Amendment to Lease dated July
               30, 1996  (incorporated  herein by reference to Exhibit  10.10 to
               the  Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year
               ended December 31, 1996).

     10.15 --  Lease  Agreement  dated  December  15, 1992 by and among David H.
               Arnold,  Muriel  M.  Arnold,  Daniel  M.  Rukavina,  Patricia  A.
               Rukavina  and EMD  Associates,  Inc.,  as amended by Amendment to
               Lease dated  January 1, 1994,  Amendment to Lease dated  December
               15,   1995,   and   Amendment   to  Lease  dated  July  30,  1996
               (incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.11  to  the
               Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended
               December 31, 1996).

     10.16 --  CE  Facility  Lease  dated  February  23, 1998 by and between the
               Company and Lockheed Martin Corporation Plan (incorporated herein
               by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the  Company's  Annual Report on
               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999).

     10.17 --  Sander's  Sublease  dated  February  23,  1998 by and between the
               Company and Sanders,  a Lockheed Martin Company and a division of
               Lockheed Martin Corporation  (incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               fiscal year ended December 31, 1999).

     10.18 --  First  Amendment to CE Facility  Lease dated February 21, 2000 by
               and  between  the  Company  and   Lockheed   Martin   Corporation
               (incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.17  to  the
               Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended
               December 31, 1999).

     10.19 --  First  Amendment to Sanders  Sublease  dated February 24, 2000 by
               and between the Company and Sanders,  a Lockheed  Martin  Company
               and a  division  of  Lockheed  Martin  Corporation  (incorporated
               herein by  reference  to Exhibit  10.18 to the  Company's  Annual
               Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999).

     10.20 --  Lease  Agreement  dated  February 22, 1999 by and between  Serto,
               S.A.  de C.V.  and AVEX  Electronics  de Mexico,  S.R.L.  de C.V.
               (incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.19  to  the
               Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended
               December 31, 1999).

                                       15
<PAGE>

     10.21 --  Sublease  Agreement  dated  February  22,  1999  by  and  between
               Operadora  Farmaceutica,  S.A. de C.V.  and AVEX  Electronics  de
               Mexico,  S.R.L.  de C.V.  (incorporated  herein by  reference  to
               Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               fiscal year ended December 31, 1999).

     10.22* -- Lease Renewal  Amendment  dated September 29, 2000 by and between
               the Company and General Electric Capital Corporation.

     10.23 --  Guarantee  dated  September  10,  1998 by the Company in favor of
               Kilmore Developments Limited (incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               fiscal year ended December 31, 1998).

     10.24* -- Lease   Agreement   dated  March  9,  2001  by  and  between  BEI
               Electronics  Ireland Limited and Canada Life Assurance  (Ireland)
               Limited.

     10.25* -- Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement dated as of June 23, 2000
               by and among the Company, the Borrowing Subsidiaries, the lenders
               party  thereto,  Fleet  National  Bank, as  documentation  agent,
               Credit  Suisse  First  Boston,  as  syndication  agent,  Bank  of
               America,  N.A., Bank One NA and Sun Trust Bank as co-agents,  and
               Chase  Bank of Texas,  National  Association,  as  administrative
               agent, collateral agent and issuing bank.

     10.26 --  Registration  Rights Agreement dated as of August 24, 1999 by and
               between the Company and J. M. Huber Corporation  (incorporated by
               reference from Exhibit 99.2 to Benchmark Electronics, Inc.'s Form
               8-K dated August 24, 1999 and filed on September 8, 1999).

     10.27 --  Registration  Agreement  dated as of  August 9, 1999 by and among
               the Company,  Salomon Smith Barney Inc. and Chase Securities Inc.
               (incorporated   by  reference  from  Exhibit  99.4  to  Benchmark
               Electronics,  Inc.'s Form 8-K dated  August 24, 1999 and filed on
               September 8, 1999).

     10.28* -- Lease Agreement dated September 15, 2000 by and between Benchmark
               Electronics  Corp. and Nancy E. Thompson,  Trustee of Goat Hollow
               Realty Trust.

     10.29* -- Lease   Agreement  dated  June  15,  1998  by  and  between  AVEX
               Electronics  do  Brasil  Ltda  and  Lucent  Technologies  Network
               Systems do Brasil S.A.

     12*  --   Statement regarding Computation of Ratios.

     13*  --   Benchmark Electronics, Inc. Annual Report to Shareholders for the
               fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

     21*  --   Subsidiaries of Benchmark Electronics, Inc.

     23*  --   Consent  of  Independent  Auditors  concerning  incorporation  by
               reference in the  Company's  Registration  Statements on Form S-8
               (Registration  No. 33-61660,  No. 333-26805,  No. 333-28997,  No.
               333-54186, No. 333-66889, and No. 333-76207) and on Form S-3
               (Registration No. 333-90723 and No. 333-90887).


                                       16
<PAGE>

(b)  The following  Current Reports on Form 8-K were filed by the Company during
     the quarter ended  December 31, 2000 or during the period from December 31,
     1999 to the date of this Form 10-K:

     The  Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on  February 8,
     2000.

     The Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on April 7, 2000.

     The Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on June 2, 2000.

     The Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on July 13, 2000.

     The Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on July 27, 2000.

     The  Company's  Current  Report on Form  8-K/A  dated and filed on July 31,
     2000.

     The  Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on October  26,
     2000.

     The  Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on November 17,
     2000.

     The Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 29, 2000 and filed
     on November 30, 2000.

                                       17
<PAGE>



                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                           BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS, INC.


                                                By:         /s/ Donald E. Nigbor
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                         Donald E. Nigbor
                                                         President

                                                Date: March 30, 2001

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
this  report has been  signed  below by the  following  persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Name                               Position                              Date
           ----                               --------                              ----
<S>                               <C>                                    <C>
                                            Chairman of the
    /s/ John C. Custer                     Board of Directors                  March 30, 2001
--------------------------------                                         -------------------------
      John C. Custer

                                        Director and President
    /s/ Donald E. Nigbor             (principal executive officer)             March 30, 2001
--------------------------------                                         -------------------------
     Donald E. Nigbor

                                       Director and Executive
--------------------------------           Vice President                -------------------------
     Stephen A. Barton


      /s/ Cary T. Fu                     Director and Executive                March 30, 2001
--------------------------------   Vice President (principal financial   -------------------------
        Cary T. Fu                       and accounting officer)

                                               Director
--------------------------------                                         -------------------------
    Peter G. Dorflinger

                                               Director
--------------------------------                                         -------------------------
       Gerald W. Bodzy

    /s/ David H. Arnold                        Director                        March 30, 2001
--------------------------------                                         -------------------------
      David H. Arnold
</TABLE>

                                       18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
