<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>j8697501e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
================================================================================
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                         -----------------------------

                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)

[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______ TO ______

                         Commission file number 1-12001

                       ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INCORPORATED
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  Delaware                                      25-1792394
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation                (I.R.S. Employer
              or organization)                            Identification Number)

1000 Six PPG Place, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania                    15222-5479
  (Address of principal executive offices)                      (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (412) 394-2800

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

================================================================================
Title of each class                    Name of each exchange on which registered
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Stock, $0.10 Par Value          New York Stock Exchange
Preferred Stock Purchase Rights        New York Stock Exchange
================================================================================

        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None

        Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes _X_   No ___

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

         At February 28, 2001, the Registrant had outstanding 80,133,152 shares
of its Common Stock. The aggregate market value of the Registrant's voting stock
held by non-affiliates at this date was approximately $1.35 billion, based on
the closing price per share of Common Stock on this date of $17.72 as reported
on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares of Common Stock known by the Registrant
to be beneficially owned by directors of the Registrant and officers of the
Registrant subject to the reporting and other requirements of Section 16 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), are not
included in the computation. The Registrant, however, has made no determination
that such persons are "affiliates" within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

                       Documents Incorporated By Reference

Selected portions of the 2000 Annual Report to Stockholders - Part I, Part II
and Part IV of this Report.

Selected portions of the Proxy Statement for 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
- Part III of this Report. The information included in the Proxy Statement as
required by paragraphs (k) and (l) of Item 402 of Regulation S-K is not
incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K.
================================================================================


<PAGE>   2


                                      INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                          PAGE
                                                                                                         NUMBER
                                                                                                         ------

<S>                                                                                                      <C>
PART I.......................................................................................................3

         Item 1.      Business...............................................................................3

         Item 2.      Properties............................................................................24

         Item 3.      Legal Proceedings.....................................................................26

         Item 4.      Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders...................................26

PART II ....................................................................................................26

         Item 5.      Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
                           Stockholder Matters..............................................................26

         Item 6.      Selected Financial Data...............................................................27

         Item 7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
                           and Results of Operations........................................................27

         Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk............................27

         Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data...........................................27

         Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                           Accounting and Financial Disclosure..............................................27

PART III ...................................................................................................27

         Item 10.     Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant....................................27

         Item 11.     Executive Compensation................................................................27

         Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
                           Management.......................................................................28

         Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions........................................28

PART IV ....................................................................................................28

         Item 14.     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Report on Form 8-K.......................28

SIGNATURES..................................................................................................29

EXHIBIT INDEX...............................................................................................30
</TABLE>


                                       2
<PAGE>   3




                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

THE COMPANY

         Allegheny Technologies Incorporated is one of the largest and most
diversified specialty materials producers in the world. The Company's talented
people use innovative technologies to offer growing global markets a wide range
of specialty materials. High-value products include super stainless steel,
nickel-based and cobalt-based alloys and superalloys, titanium and titanium
alloys, specialty steels, tungsten materials, exotic alloys, which include
zirconium, hafnium and niobium, and highly engineered strip and Precision Rolled
Strip(R) products. In addition, we produce general purpose specialty materials
such as stainless steel sheet and plate, silicon and tool steels, and forgings
and castings. The Company operates in the following three business segments,
which accounted for the following percentages of total revenues of $2.46
billion, $2.30 billion, and $2.40 billion for each of the three years ended
December 31, 2000:


                                          2000             1999             1998
                                          ----             ----             ----
        Flat-Rolled Products               59%              56%              50%
        High Performance Metals            30%              32%              36%
        Industrial Products                11%              12%              14%

Business segment information presented for 1999 and 1998 has been restated to
conform with the 2000 presentation. Additional financial information with
respect to the Company's business segments, including their contributions to
operating profit and their identifiable assets, for the three years ended
December 31, 2000, is presented under the caption "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Results of
Operations" on pages 17 through 20 of the 2000 Annual Report to Stockholders
(the "2000 Annual Report") and in Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements on pages 42 through 44 of the 2000 Annual Report and is incorporated
herein by reference.

         Allegheny Technologies Incorporated is a Delaware corporation with its
principal executive offices located at 1000 Six PPG Place, Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania 15222-5479, telephone number (412) 394-2800. Allegheny
Technologies, which changed its name from Allegheny Teledyne Incorporated in
November, 1999, was formed on August 15, 1996 in the combination of Allegheny
Ludlum Corporation ("Allegheny Ludlum") and Teledyne, Inc., which became wholly
owned subsidiaries of Allegheny Technologies. References to "Allegheny
Technologies," the "Company" or the "Registrant" mean Allegheny Technologies
Incorporated and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires.


OUR BUSINESS

         Specialty materials play a significant role in our lives. Allegheny
Technologies is a world leader in the manufacture of high value and general
purpose specialty products. Our high value products accounted for 64 percent of
total sales in 2000 and our general purpose products



                                       3
<PAGE>   4

accounted for 36% of total sales in 2000. Specialty materials are produced in a
variety of forms, including sheet, strip, foil, plate, slab, ingot, billet, bar,
rod, wire, coil, tubing, and shapes, and are selected for use in environments
that demand materials having exceptional hardness, toughness, strength,
resistance to heat, corrosion or abrasion, or a combination of these
characteristics. Common end uses of our products include jet engines, air
frames, electrical energy, automotive, chemical processing, oil and gas,
construction and mining, machine and cutting tools, appliances and food
equipment, transportation and medical.

Flat-Rolled Products Segment

        The Company produces, converts and distributes stainless steel,
nickel-based alloys and superalloys, and titanium and titanium-based alloys in
sheet, strip, plate and foil, and Precision Rolled Strip(R) products, as well as
silicon electric steels and tool steels. Our Flat-Rolled Products segment
consists of Allegheny Ludlum, Rome Metals and Allegheny Ludlum's 60% interest in
the Chinese joint venture company known as Shanghai STAL Precision Stainless
Steel Company Limited ("STAL"), which commenced commercial production in 2000.

        As compared with carbon steel, stainless steel and nickel-based alloys
contain elements such as chromium, nickel and molybdenum for strength,
corrosion- and heat-resistance; titanium and titanium-based alloys provide
higher strength-to-weight ratios and are corrosion-resistant; tool steel alloys,
which contain more carbon than stainless steel, include tungsten, molybdenum and
other metals to make them both hard and malleable; and electrical steel contains
silicon to minimize electrical energy loss when in use. We offer these
flat-rolled products in a broad selection of grades, sizes and finishes designed
to meet international specifications. Finishing capabilities include plasma arc
cutting, shearing, abrasive cutting, sawing and machining. We provide technical
support for material selection. Our market basket of alloys and product forms
provides customers with choices to select the optimum alloy for their
application.

         Sheet. Stainless steel, nickel-based alloy and titanium alloy sheet
products are used in a wide variety of consumer and industrial applications such
as food preparation, appliance, automotive, aerospace and medical applications
that require cleanability, fabricability and corrosion resistance. Approximately
60% of the Company's flat-rolled sheet products are sold to service centers,
which have slitting, cutting or other processing facilities, with the remainder
sold directly to end-use customers.

         Strip. Stainless steel, nickel-based alloy and titanium alloy strip
products are used in a variety of consumer and industrial products and a wide
range of automotive components. We also offer very thin Precision Rolled
Strip(R) products which range in thinness from 0.015 inch to less than 0.0015
inch (0.038 - 0.003 mm). Our Precision Rolled Strip(R) products include
stainless steel, nickel-based alloys, titanium and titanium alloys, and carbon
and coated-carbon steel which are used by customers to fabricate a variety of
different products ranging from automobile components to photographic, personal
computer, building and construction and consumer products. Approximately 50% of
the Company's flat-rolled strip products are sold directly to end-use customers,
with the remainder sold to service centers, including the Company's own
distribution network for flat-rolled strip materials which is known as the
Allegheny Rodney Strip Service Center.



                                       4
<PAGE>   5

         Plate. Stainless steel, nickel-based alloy and titanium alloy plate
products are primarily used in industrial equipment that requires cleanability
or corrosion-resistant capabilities such as pollution control scrubbers, food
processing equipment, pulp and paper equipment, chemical processing equipment,
power generation equipment and aerospace applications. With our flat-roll
capabilities, we process and distribute stainless steel and nickel alloy plate
and titanium and titanium alloy plate products in a wide variety of grades and
gauges. Approximately 80% of our flat-rolled plate products are sold to service
centers, with the remainder sold directly to end-use customers.

         Silicon Electric Steel. The Company's grain-oriented silicon electrical
steel products are used generally in applications in which electrical
conductivity and magnetic properties are important. These products are sold
directly to end-use customers, including manufacturers of transformers and
communications equipment.

         STAL. The Company has established its STAL joint venture in the
People's Republic of China with Shanghai No. 10 Steel Company Limited for the
production and sale of Precision Rolled Strip(R) products. In 2000, STAL
commenced its first year of commercial production. The new plant is a fully
integrated finishing facility equipped with two Sendzimir mills, a bright anneal
line, slitters, a tension leveler and roll grinders, and is expected to produce
and sell up to 15,000 metric tonnes of Precision Rolled Strip(R) products. This
venture is expected to enhance Allegheny Technologies' participation in the
Asian market and other highly competitive global markets.

High Performance Metals Segment

         The Company's High Performance Metals segment produces, converts and
distributes a wide range of high performance alloys, including nickel- and
cobalt-based alloys and superalloys, titanium and titanium-based alloys, exotic
alloys such as zirconium , hafnium, niobium tantalum, and their related alloys,
and other specialty materials, primarily in slab, ingot, billet, bar, rod, wire,
coil and seamless tube forms, and zirconium chemicals. Our High Performance
Metals segment consists of Allvac, Allvac Ltd (U.K.), Wah Chang, and Titanium
Industries.

         Nickel-, Cobalt- and Titanium-Based Alloys and Superalloys. Our
nickel-, iron-, cobalt- and titanium-based alloys and superalloys are engineered
to retain exceptional strength and corrosion resistance at temperatures through
2,000 degrees Fahrenheit and are used in critical, high-stress applications.
These products are designed for the high performance requirements of aerospace,
oil and gas, power generation, chemical processing, transportation, biomedical,
marine and nuclear industries.

         The Company has approved $50 million for capital investments designed
to expand the capabilities at Allvac, Allvac Ltd, and Wah Chang.

         The Company has announced that it is idling its high cost titanium
sponge facility effective in 2001. The Company will purchase titanium sponge in
the open market going forward.


                                       5
<PAGE>   6

         Exotic Alloys - Zirconium, Hafnium, Niobium and Tantalum. We are a
leading U.S. producer of zirconium, a highly corrosion-resistant metal that is
transparent to neutrons. It is used for fuel tubes and structural parts in
nuclear power reactors and for corrosion-resistant chemical industry
applications. Zirconium is also used in the jewelry and personal hygiene
industries. Hafnium, derived as a by-product of zirconium, is principally used
for control rods in nuclear reactors due to its ability to absorb neutrons, and
as an alloying addition in aerospace applications. The Company also produces
niobium, also known as columbium, in various forms and alloys. The higher
quality grades the Company produces are used as an alloying addition in
superalloys for jet engines and for aerospace applications such as rocket
nozzles. Niobium and related alloys are used in applications requiring
superconducting characteristics for high-strength magnets and in medical devices
for body-scanning, accelerators for high-energy physics, and fusion energy
projects for the generation of electricity. The Company also produces tantalum,
one of the most corrosion-resistant metals, which is used for medical implants,
chemical process equipment and aerospace engine components.

Industrial Segment

         The Industrial Products segment's principal business produces tungsten
powder, tungsten heavy alloys, tungsten carbide materials and carbide cutting
tools. The segment also produces large grey and ductile iron castings and
carbon, alloy steel and non-ferrous forgings. The companies in this segment are
Metalworking Products, including a recently acquired producer of tungsten
carbide products for the oil and gas drilling industry, Casting Service and
Portland Forge.

         Cutting Tools and Tungsten Carbide Products. For the metalworking,
mining, oil and gas, and other industries requiring tools with extra hardness,
the Company produces a line of sintered tungsten carbide products, made under
heat to produce a material that approaches diamond hardness. Cemented carbide
products, which may be coated or uncoated, are used as super-hard cutters in the
high-speed machining and cutting of steel, high temperature alloys and other
applications where hardness and wear resistance are important. Technical
developments related to ceramics, coatings, and other disciplines are
incorporated in these products.

         The Company also produces tungsten for worldwide markets, starting with
numerous and varied tungsten-bearing raw materials and resulting in tungsten and
tungsten carbide powders. Previously used cemented carbide parts are also
recycled into tungsten carbide powder.

         Forgings and Castings. The Company forges carbon and alloy steel into
finished forms that are used in a diverse number of industries. With the latest
screw-type forging presses, Portland Forge produces carbon and alloy steel
forgings in sizes ranging from one pound to more than 200 pounds.

         We also cast a variety of metals in sizes ranging from 1,000 pounds to
160,000 pounds and forms ranging from diesel locomotive engine blocks to
housings and parts for power generation equipment, tools, and automobiles.




                                       6
<PAGE>   7



STRATEGIC CAPITAL INVESTMENTS

         In late 2000, the Company approved $50 million in capital investments
designed to expand the capabilities of Allvac, Allvac Ltd, and Wah Chang. The
Company has begun to add a GFM rotary forge and 3,800 ton press forge at Allvac
and remelt furnaces at Allvac Ltd, as well as an electron beam furnace for use
by Wah Chang. In addition to these capital investments, the Company is
installing a cogeneration system at Wah Chang.

GLOSSARY

         The following is a list of key terms describing the Company's products
and product forms, melt, re-melt and other processes.

Products and Product Forms

Ammonium Paratungstate (APT) - A purified intermediate tungsten compound made
from ore or tungsten scrap that is used as a starting material for making most
tungsten powders.

Bar - A long product that is 1/4 inch (6.35 mm) or more in diameter, having
round, square, octagonal or hexagonal cross-sections.

Billet - A long product with a diameter range of 8 to 14 inches (203 to 356 mm).
Can either be sold in billet form or processed further to make other long
products.

Carbide Cutting Tools - Cemented carbides made into forms for removing materials
in machining operations such as turning, milling or drilling. Normally, these
tools have hard surface coatings consisting of carbides, nitrides and oxides of
titanium and aluminum. The coatings are applied by either chemical or physical
vapor deposition to a thickness of about 0.0005 inches.

Cemented Carbides or Hardmetals - A class of materials in which refractory metal
carbides are "cemented" together with iron group metals (i.e., cobalt, nickel
and iron) to form a wear resistant composite, which is both hard and tough.

Exotic Alloys - The Company's classification for its zirconium, niobium, hafnium
and tantalum products.

Flat-Rolled Products - A product form classification that includes sheet, strip,
Precision Rolled Strip(R) products and plate.

Hafnium - An exotic alloy usually obtained as a by-product of zirconium
production with outstanding corrosion resistance and good mechanical properties.
It is added to specialty alloys for use in jet engine parts and as control rod
material in nuclear reactors.


                                       7
<PAGE>   8



High Performance Metals - A classification that includes the Company's nickel
and nickel-based superalloys, titanium, specialty steel and exotic alloy
products, primarily in the form of long products. These products typically
exhibit any of the properties of high temperature resistance, high strength, and
high temperature oxidation resistance.

Hot Band or Hot Rolled Band (HRB) - A flat-rolled form, such as from a hot strip
mill or steckel mill, produced by hot rolling and most often used to make
flat-rolled products.

Ingot - A product form resulting when molten metal is cast into molds which can
be round, square, or rectangular. Can either be sold in ingot form or processed
further to make other products.

Long Products - A product form classification that includes ingot, billet, bar,
rod and wire.

Metallurgical Powders - High quality tungsten- and molybdenum-based powders
which are further processed into products for applications that require
toughness and/or heat resistance.

Nickel-based Superalloys - Nickel alloys developed for very high temperature
service where relatively high stresses are encountered and where high surface
stability is frequently required. Typical applications are aircraft turbine and
land-based turbine components.

Niobium - An exotic alloy valued for its strength at extremely high temperatures
and its ability to superconduct, or pass electricity with minimal resistance, at
very low temperatures. It is used in aerospace applications, in superconducting
magnets in MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) equipment, when alloyed with
titanium, and in particle accelerators.

Plate - A flat-rolled product that is 3/16 inch (4.76 mm) thick or greater and
over 10 inches (254 mm) wide.

Precision Rolled Strip(R) Products - Flat-rolled products including stainless
steel, nickel-based alloys, titanium and titanium alloys, and carbon and
coated-carbon steel under 0.015 inch (0.38 mm) thick and up to 24 inches (610
mm) wide, as well as certain strip products with special tempers and
thicknesses.

Rod - A long product that is from 0.118 (3 mm) to 3/4 inch (19 mm) in diameter.

Sheet - A flat-rolled product that is greater than 24 inches (610 mm) wide and
is less than 3/16 inch (4.76 mm) thick.

Silicon Electrical Steel - Iron-based alloys containing silicon (typically 3.5%)
as the major alloying addition. These steels are used generally in applications
such as power transformers where electrical conductivity and magnetic properties
are important.


                                       8
<PAGE>   9



Slab - Describes the size and shape of material at an early stage in processing.
It may be continuously cast or bloomed from an ingot. A slab is typically 8-1/2
inches (216 mm) thick, 52 inches (1321 mm) wide, and around 200 inches (5080 mm)
long. It will be further processed as a hot roll band to a finished product form
such as plate, sheet, or strip.

Stainless Steel - A broad classification of iron-based alloys containing at
least 10% chromium, known for excellent corrosion and heat resistance.
Austenitic (chrome-nickel) grades contain 18% to 30% chromium and 6% to 20%
nickel for enhanced surface quality and formability and increased corrosion and
wear resistance. These grades are used in appliances, kitchen utensils,
processing equipment and a variety of industrial applications. Ferritic (chrome)
grades are non-nickel-bearing and contain 11% to 17% chromium content for
greater inherent strength and corrosion resistance than carbon steel. These
grades are often used in automotive exhaust systems.

Strip - A flat-rolled product up to 24 inches (610 mm) wide and less than 3/16
inch (4.76 mm) thick.

Superalloy - An alloy, usually based on nickel, cobalt or iron, developed for
high temperature service where relatively severe mechanical stressing is
encountered and where high surface stability is frequently required.

Super Stainless Steel - Stainless steel alloys with significant additions of
chromium, nickel, molybdenum or copper. Super stainless steel is used in
chemical processing, petroleum refining, marine, heat treating, pollution and
waste control industries where there are requirements for extra corrosion
protection, strength or heat resistance.

Titanium - Titanium and its alloys have very high strength-to-weight ratios. At
normal temperatures, they have high resistance to corrosion. Used primarily in
aerospace and chemical processing applications.

Tungsten Carbide Graded Powders - Made by blending tungsten carbide powder with
other powder constituents like cobalt, tantalum carbide, niobium carbide, etc.
to obtain a desired composition and carbide grain size. These powders, which
generally include about 2% wax, are ready to be pressed to a desired shape and
then sintered in the range 1350 degrees to 1500 degrees Centigrade to yield a
cemented carbide part.

Tungsten Carbide (WC) Powder - Made by heating a mixture of tungsten powder and
carbon powder in hydrogen.

Tungsten Heavy Alloys (WHA) - Produced by blending tungsten metal powders with
iron group metals, primarily nickel and iron. The alloy powders are pressed and
sintered in a process similar to that used for cemented carbides. Although these
alloys are not as hard as cemented carbide, they have higher density and are
more ductile.


                                       9
<PAGE>   10


Tungsten Materials - Include tungsten and tungsten carbide powders, sintered
tungsten carbide products and cutting tools for the metalworking, mining, oil
and gas, and other industries requiring tools with extra hardness.

Tungsten (W) Powder - Made by hydrogen reduction of tungsten oxides derived from
APT.

Wire - A long product form that is from 0.030 (0.76 mm) to 1/4 inch (6.35 mm) in
diameter, in round, square, octagonal, or hexagonal cross-sections.

Zirconium - An exotic alloy valued for its strength, high corrosion resistance,
and low thermal neutron absorption. Applications include nuclear reactors,
marine vessels, commercial power generation, and those requiring contact with
strong acids and basic environments.

Melt and Remelt

Electric Arc Furnace (EAF) - An open air melting furnace in which scrap and
ferroalloys are melted by high power carbon arcs. Refining is accomplished by
slags and various gases. The process is often used in conjunction with
subsequent refining processes.

Basic Oxygen Furnace (BOF) - A pneumatic process where hot metal is refined to
meet chemical specifications by the blowing of oxygen from a top lance submerged
in the "hot metal" bath. This reduces the carbon level to an acceptable level,
and raw materials are added to achieve chemical specification.

Electroslag Remelt (ESR) - A consumable electrode remelting process in which an
AC current is passed from an electrode through a molten slag pool. Molten metal
droplets fall through the slag and solidify in a water-cooled copper crucible.
This process is utilized to improve both the cleanliness and structure of cast
alloy materials.

Electron Beam Furnace (EB) - The EB furnace uses high-energy electron beams in a
vacuum environment to melt metals into a water-cooled crucible and is especially
useful for titanium and exotic alloys.

Vacuum Arc Remelt (VAR) - A consumable remelting process in which a high current
DC arc is maintained under vacuum between an alloy electrode and a molten metal
pool contained in a water-cooled copper crucible. Sequential melting produces
an ingot with good internal structure, good surface finish and excellent
chemical homogeneity.

Vacuum Induction Melt (VIM) - A melting process that uses an induction furnace
inside a vacuum chamber to melt and cast steel and other high alloy grades. The
process is normally used for grades which require a high alloy content, precise
chemistry control and low impurity levels.



                                       10
<PAGE>   11


Processing

Annealing - Annealing is the process of heating and cooling material in such a
way as to soften it, and to produce desired changes in other properties or
microstructure.

Bar Mill - A mechanical device used to decrease the cross-sectional area of
metal stock and produce certain desired shapes as the metal passes between
rotating rolls. Cylindrical rolls produce flat product and grooved rolls produce
bar.

Bright Annealing - In bright annealing, the material is annealed by heating and
cooling in a furnace in an inert atmosphere filled with gases, such as hydrogen
or nitrogen, which prevent oxide scale formation. The material comes out of the
bright anneal furnace softer with the same relatively bright surface as it went
in.

Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) - A process in which precursor chemicals, such
as titanium tetrachloride and nitrogen gas, chemically react on the tool surface
at temperatures of about 1000 degrees Centigrade to form a hard coating on the
tool surface.

Forging Press - A press, usually vertical, used to operate dies to deform metal
plastically. May be mechanically or hydraulically operated and either closed die
for shaped, part forgings or open die for cogging.

GFM Precision Rotary Forge - A forging process where rapid simultaneous action
of forging hammers subjects the work-piece to a high rate of deformation under
uniform compressive stressing. The control and reproducibility of the GFM
process is designed to provide optimum metallurgical consistency.

Physical Vapor Deposition (PVD) - A process in which metallic metal vapor, such
as titanium, is ionized in a plasma and combined with gas ions, such as
nitrogen, to form a hard coating on the surface of a tool. The process
temperature is usually several hundred degrees lower than is used for CVD, and
coatings thickness is usually less than half that of a CVD coating.

Pickling - Pickling is the process of using various acids and acid mixtures to
remove scale that can form on material during processing at elevated
temperatures (such as hot rolling or annealing).

Slit - The passing of sheet or strip material through the rotary knives of a
slitter to cut the material lengthwise.

Sonic Inspection - A nondestructive inspection method in which beams of
high-frequency sound waves are introduced into materials for the detection of
internal or surface defects such as cracks, voids, inclusions, laps or seams.

Steckel Mill - A single stand reversing hot rolling mill with coil box furnaces
to maintain temperature during the multiple hot rolling passes.



                                       11
<PAGE>   12


Z-Mill -A Z-mill, or Sendzimir mill, is a cold rolling mill characterized by
small diameter work rolls backed up by successive clusters of rolls in a
pyramid-shaped stack. This allows the mill to exert extremely high forces
through the work roll and yet keep the work roll from extreme flexing. The
combination of high pressure and tension makes the mill capable of cold rolling
metal thin and flat to close tolerances.

COMPLETION OF STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION

         In 1999, the Company completed a major transformation, that included
the spin-offs of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated ("Teledyne"), which was
comprised of certain businesses in the Company's former Aerospace and
Electronics segment, and Water Pik Technologies, Inc. ("Water Pik"), which was
comprised of businesses in the Company's former Consumer segment. The spin-offs
were completed on November 29, 1999, when the Company distributed all of the
stock of Teledyne (NYSE:TDY) and Water Pik (NYSE:PIK) to the Company's
stockholders of record on November 22, 1999. Prior to the spin-offs, the Company
received a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service that the spin-offs would be
tax-free to the Company and its stockholders.

         Additionally, as part of this strategic transformation, the Company
sold several businesses. During 1999, the Company completed the sale of its
unmanned aerial vehicle and its pyrotechnic components and systems businesses,
known as Ryan Aeronautical and McCormick Selph Ordnance Unit, respectively. In
addition, the Company sold its pressure relief valve, nitrogen gas springs,
consumer drinkware, construction and mining equipment and material handling
businesses.

ACQUISITIONS

         Over the past three years, the Company has made several strategic
acquisitions:

         Tungsten Carbide Products Operation. In the second quarter of 2000, the
Company acquired a producer of value-added tungsten carbide products for the oil
and gas drilling industry which has been integrated into Metalworking Products.

         Flat-Roll Finishing Facility. In December, 1999, the Company acquired
the Washington, Pennsylvania stainless steel sheet and strip finishing plant of
Bethlehem Steel Corporation ("Bethlehem") for $20.5 million in cash.

         Melting and Hot Rolling Facilities. In the fourth quarter of 1998, the
Company acquired melting and hot rolling facilities and a wide anneal and pickle
line from Bethlehem, and entered into a 20-year conversion services agreement
with Bethlehem to provide for the melting, casting and rolling of the Company's
wide stainless steel continuous mill plate products and nickel-based alloys, for
$105 million in cash and $70 million in a promissory note that was paid in 1999.

         Titanium Production Facilities. In March 1998, the Company acquired the
stock of Oregon Metallurgical Corporation ("Oremet"), a producer and distributor
of titanium ingot, mill products and castings, in exchange for Company stock.
Oremet's operations have been



                                       12
<PAGE>   13

integrated into our High Performance Metals segment, except for Rome Metals,
which is part of our Flat-Rolled Products segment.

         United Kingdom Production Facilities. In February 1998, the Company
acquired specialty steel, nickel-based alloy and titanium production assets in
the United Kingdom, for $110 million in cash, now known as Allvac Ltd.

         Additional Information. Additional information about recent
acquisitions is included in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations--Strategic Acquisitions" on page 20 of the
2000 Annual Report and in Note 9 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements on pages 41 and 42 of the 2000 Annual Report, which information is
incorporated herein by reference. Also see "Forward Looking and Other Statements
- Uncertainties Relating to Synergies" herein.

COMPETITION

         Markets for the Company's products and services in each of its
principal business segments are highly competitive. The Company competes with
many manufacturers which, depending on the product involved, range from large
diversified enterprises to smaller companies specializing in particular
products. Factors that affect the Company's competitive posture are the quality
of its products, services and delivery capabilities, its research and
development efforts, its marketing strategies and price.

         Our companies face competition from domestic and foreign competitors, a
number of which are government subsidized. In 1999, the United States imposed
antidumping and countervailing duties ranging up to 60% on dumped and subsidized
imports of stainless steel sheet and strip in coils and stainless steel plate in
coils from companies in ten foreign countries. The Company continues to monitor
unfairly traded imports from foreign producers for appropriate action.

RAW MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES, INCLUDING ENERGY

         Substantially all parts and materials required in the manufacture of
the Company's products are available from more than one supplier and the sources
and availability of raw materials essential to its businesses are adequate.

         The principal materials used by the Company in the production of its
specialty materials are scrap (including nickel-, chromium-, titanium- and
molybdenum-bearing scrap), nickel, titanium sponge, zirconium, ferrochromium,
ferrosilicon, molybdenum and molybdenum alloys, ammonium paratungstate,
manganese and manganese alloys, cobalt, niobium and other alloying materials.

         Purchase prices of certain critical raw materials are volatile. As a
result, the Company's operating results could be subject to significant
fluctuation. For example, since the Company generally uses in excess of 40,000
tons of nickel each year, a hypothetical change of $1.00 per pound in nickel
prices would result in increased costs of approximately $80 million.



                                       13
<PAGE>   14

         In addition, certain of these raw materials, such as nickel, cobalt
ferrochromium and titanium sponge, can be acquired by the Company and its
specialty materials industry competitors, in large part, only from foreign
sources. Some of these foreign sources are located in countries that may be
subject to unstable political and economic conditions, which might disrupt
supplies or affect the price of these materials.

         The Company purchases its nickel requirements principally from
producers in Australia, Canada, Norway, Russia, and the Dominican Republic.
Zirconium sponge is purchased from a source in France, while zirconium sand is
purchased from both U.S. and Australian sources. Cobalt is purchased primarily
from producers in Canada. More than 80% of the world's reserves of ferrochromium
are located in South Africa, Zimbabwe, Albania, and Kazakhstan. The Company also
purchases titanium sponge from sources in Kazakhstan, Japan and Russia.

         We use large amounts of electricity and natural gas in the manufacture
of our products. The prices for electricity, natural gas and other energy
resources are subject to market conditions and may be volatile. As a result, the
Company's operating results could be subject to significant fluctuation.

         See "Forward Looking and Other Statements - Volatility of Energy
Prices; Availability of Energy Resources" and "Forward Looking and Other
Statements - Volatility of Prices of Critical Raw Materials; Unavailability of
Raw Materials."

GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

         For the year ended December 31, 2000, approximately 2% of the Company's
total sales were attributable to sales under contracts with the U.S. Government.
Most of the Company's contracts with the U.S. Government are terminable at the
convenience of the government.

         See the discussion of related matters under the caption "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Other
Matters - Government Contracts" on page 24 of the 2000 Annual Report and in Note
13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 46 to 48 of the 2000
Annual Report.

EXPORT SALES AND FOREIGN OPERATIONS

         International sales represented approximately 18%, 20%, and 19% of the
Company's total sales in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively. These figures
include export sales by U.S. operations to customers in foreign countries, which
accounted for approximately 12%, 13%, and 11% of the Company's total sales in
each of 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. See "Forward Looking and Other
Statements - Risks of Export Sales." The Company's overseas sales, marketing and
distribution efforts are aided by international marketing offices or
representatives located at various locations throughout the world.

         The Company's Stellram group manufactures high precision threading,
milling, boring and drilling systems for the European market from locations in
the United Kingdom, Spain, France, Germany and Switzerland. The Company also has
manufacturing capabilities in the



                                       14
<PAGE>   15

United Kingdom, Allvac Ltd, which has enhanced service to customers by improving
the sales and distribution network for the Company's nickel-based alloys,
specialty steel and titanium in Europe. In 2000, the STAL joint venture in the
People's Republic of China began commercial production of Precision Rolled
Strip(R) products. This venture should enable the Company to offer its Precision
Rolled Strip(R) products more effectively to the Asian markets.

BACKLOG, SEASONALITY AND CYCLICALITY

         The Company's backlog of confirmed orders was approximately $529.0
million at December 31, 2000 and $595.8 million at December 31, 1999. During the
year ending December 31, 2001, it is anticipated that approximately 87% of
confirmed orders on hand at December 31, 2000 will be filled. Backlog of
confirmed orders of the Flat-Rolled Products segment was $113.2 million at
December 31, 2000 and $138.4 million at December 31, 1999. During the year
ending December 31, 2001, it is anticipated that approximately 100% of the
confirmed orders on hand at December 31, 2000 for this segment will be filled.
Backlog of confirmed orders of the High Performance Metals segment was $359.7
million at December 31, 2000 and $395.8 million at December 31, 1999. During the
year ending December 31, 2001, it is anticipated that approximately 80% of the
confirmed orders on hand at December 31, 2000 for this segment will be filled.

        Generally, sales and operations of the Company's businesses are not
seasonal. However, demand for products of the Company's businesses are cyclical
over longer periods because specialty materials customers operate in cyclical
industries and are subject to changes in general economic conditions. See
"Forward Looking and Other Statements - Cyclical Demand for Products."

RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND TECHNICAL SERVICES

         The Company's management believes that the Company's research and
development capabilities give it an edge in developing new products and
manufacturing processes that contribute to the profitable growth potential of
the Company on a long-term basis. The Company conducts research and development
at its various operating locations both for its own account and, on a limited
basis, for customers on a contract basis. Estimates of the components of
research and development for each of the Company's segments, including bid and
proposal costs, for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998 included
the following:

(In millions)                               2000           1999          1998
                                            ----           ----          ----

Customer-Sponsored:
     High Performance Metals                 $2.0            $1.1         $0.8

Company-Sponsored:
     Flat-Rolled Products                     6.3             7.3          7.4
     High Performance Metals                  5.0             5.7          8.3
     Industrial Products                      2.3             2.2          2.4
                                              ---             ---          ---
                                             13.6            15.2         18.1
                                             ----            ----         ----
         Total Research and Development     $15.6           $16.3        $18.9
                                             ====            ====         ====


                                       15
<PAGE>   16

         With respect to the Flat-Rolled Products and High Performance Metals
segments, the Company's research, development and technical service activities
are closely interrelated and are directed toward cost reduction, process
improvement, process control, quality assurance and control, system development,
the development of new manufacturing methods, the improvement of existing
manufacturing methods, the improvement of existing products, and the development
of new products.

         The Company owns several hundred United States patents, many of which
are also filed under the patent laws of other nations. Although these patents,
as well as the Company's numerous trademarks, technical information license
agreements, and other intellectual property, have been and are expected to be of
value, management believes that the loss of any single such item or technically
related group of such items would not materially affect the conduct of its
business.

ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY MATTERS

         The Company is subject to various domestic and international
environmental laws and regulations which require that it investigate and
remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites
associated with past and present operations, including sites at which the
Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, commonly
known as Superfund, and comparable state laws. The Company is currently involved
in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under these laws. The
Company's reserves for environmental remediation totaled approximately $50.8
million at December 31, 2000. Based on currently available information,
management does not believe that future environmental costs in excess of those
accrued with respect to sites with which the Company has been identified are
likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or
liquidity. The resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these
matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of
operations for that period. In addition, there can be no assurance that
additional future developments, administrative actions or liabilities relating
to environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on the
Company's financial condition or results of operation.

         With respect to proceedings brought under the federal Superfund laws,
or similar state statutes, the Company has been identified as a potentially
responsible party at approximately 31 of such sites, excluding those at which it
believes it has no future liability. The Company's involvement is very limited
or de minimis at approximately 13 of these sites, and the potential loss
exposure with respect to any of the remaining 18 individual sites is not
considered to be material.

         See the discussion of related matters herein under the caption "Forward
Looking and Other Statements - Risks Associated with Environmental Matters" and
in Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Additional related information is presented under
the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations - Other Matters -Environmental" on page 24 of the 2000
Annual Report and in Notes 1 and 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements on pages 32 and 46 to 48 of the 2000 Annual Report.



                                       16
<PAGE>   17

EMPLOYEES

         The Company has approximately 11,400 employees. Approximately 47% of
the Company's workforce is covered by various collective bargaining agreements,
principally with the United Steelworkers of America ("USWA"), including:
approximately 3,900 Allegheny Ludlum production and maintenance employees
covered by collective bargaining agreements between Allegheny Ludlum and the
USWA, which are effective through June 30, 2001; approximately 340 Oremet
employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the USWA, which was
effective through July 31, 2000; and approximately 650 Wah Chang employees
covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the USWA, which the USWA
terminated as of January 28, 2001. Until notice is provided otherwise, Oremet
employees are currently working pursuant to the terms of the collective
bargaining agreement.

         Generally, agreements that expire may be terminated after notice by the
USWA. After termination, the USWA may authorize a strike. A strike by the
employees covered by one or more of the collective bargaining agreements could
materially adversely affect the Company's operating results. There can be no
assurance that the Company will succeed in concluding collective bargaining
agreements with the USWA or other unions to replace those that expire.

         In 1994, following the expiration of a prior collective bargaining
agreement between Allegheny Ludlum and the USWA, the USWA authorized a strike by
its members that lasted 10 weeks and materially adversely affected Allegheny
Ludlum's operating results.

PRINCIPAL OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Principal officers of the Company as of February 28, 2001 are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME                              AGE        TITLE
----                              ---        -----

<S>                               <C>        <C>
Robert P. Bozzone                 67         Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer*
James L. Murdy                    62         Executive Vice President*
Jon D. Walton                     58         Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary*
Douglas A. Kittenbrink            45         President, Allegheny Ludlum Corporation*
Jack W. Shilling                  57         President, High Performance Metals Group*
Terry L. Dunlap                   41         Vice President, e-Business
Richard J. Harshman               44         Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer*
Robert S. Park                    56         Vice President, Treasurer
Dale G. Reid                      45         Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer*
David G. Vietmeier                56         Vice President, Procurement
</TABLE>

--------
* Such officers are subject to the reporting and other requirements of Section
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.



                                       17
<PAGE>   18



         Set forth below are descriptions of the business background for the
past five years of the principal officers of the Company.

         Robert P. Bozzone has been Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer since December 2000. Mr. Bozzone had served as Vice Chairman of the
Company since August 1996 and was Vice Chairman of Allegheny Ludlum Corporation
from August 1994 to August 1996. Previously, he was President and Chief
Executive Officer of Allegheny Ludlum.

         James L. Murdy has been Executive Vice President of the Company since
September 2000. He served as Executive Vice President, Finance and
Administration and Chief Financial Officer from December 1996 to September 2000.
He served as Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company from August 1996 to December 1996, having previously served as the
Senior Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Allegheny Ludlum
Corporation.

         Douglas A. Kittenbrink has served as President of Allegheny Ludlum
since April 2000. Previously he served as Senior Vice President of Allegheny
Ludlum. He also served as Vice President, Engineering and Information Technology
of Allegheny Ludlum from August 1994 to January 1998.

         Jack W. Shilling has served as President of the High Performance Metals
Group since April 2000. Previously he served as President of Allegheny Ludlum.
He also served as Executive Vice President of Allegheny Ludlum from 1996 to
1998.

         Jon D. Walton has been Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary of the Company since August 1997 and served as Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary of the Company from August 1996 to August 1997, having
previously served in the same capacity as an officer of Allegheny Ludlum.

         Terry L. Dunlap has served as Vice President, e-Business since April,
2000. He had been General Manager, Sheet Products for Allegheny Ludlum since
1998. Mr. Dunlap previously served in a number of management positions with
Allegheny Ludlum. Mr. Dunlap is a member of Mr. Bozzone's immediate family.

         Richard J. Harshman has served as Vice President, Finance and Chief
Financial Officer since December 2000. Between September 2000 and December 2000,
Mr. Harshman served as Vice President, Controller and Acting Chief Financial
Officer. Previously, he had been Vice President, Investor Relations and
Corporate Communications since July 1998, and prior thereto, Senior Vice
President, Finance and Administration, at Allvac since 1995.

         Robert S. Park has served as Vice President, Treasurer of the Company
since August 1996. From May 1994 to August 1996, Mr. Park served as Vice
President, Treasurer of Allegheny Ludlum. Previously, he served as Treasurer of
Allegheny Ludlum.

         Dale G. Reid has served as Vice President, Controller and Chief
Accounting Officer of the Company since December 2000 as well as from May 1997
to September 2000. In the interim



                                       18
<PAGE>   19

he served as Vice President, Finance for Allegheny Ludlum. He had served as
Controller of the Company from August 1996 to September 2000. Mr. Reid
previously served as Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of Teledyne, Inc.

         David G. Vietmeier has served as Vice President, Procurement of the
Company since April 1, 2000. Mr. Vietmeier had served as Vice President,
Purchasing for Allegheny Ludlum since 1988.

         Messrs. Murdy and Walton have employment agreements with the Company.
Copies of the employment agreements are filed as Exhibits 10.17 and 10.18 to
this Form 10-K.

         The Company has executed change in control agreements, as amended, with
certain key employees, including all of our principal officers listed above
other than Mr. Bozzone, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.22 to this
Form 10-K.

FORWARD LOOKING AND OTHER STATEMENTS

         From time to time, the Company has made and may continue to make
"forward looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This annual report contains many forward looking
statements, which represent the Company's expectations or beliefs concerning
various future events, unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of
which the Company is unable to predict or control. Forward looking statements
include those statements related to anticipated business, economic and market
conditions, and product demand, including projected growth in aerospace,
electrical energy, power generation, medical and electronics, and stainless
steel; operational actions, including special charges taken to respond to market
conditions; sales and earnings, financial condition, financial performance and
growth; prices, price increases and surcharges and the effect of price increases
and surcharges on performance; raw material and energy costs, expected capital
expenditures, cost reductions, including, energy, e-business and procurement
initiatives, anticipated cost savings, including the anticipated time periods in
which savings may be realized, capital investments and the impact of investments
on the Company's capabilities; working capital, cash flow, dividends, potential
repurchases of Company stock; projected pension surplus, excess pension income
and reimbursement of retiree health care expenditures; realization of deferred
income tax assets; anticipated effects of acquisitions, joint ventures or other
business combinations on earnings; the outcome of any government inquiries,
litigation or other proceedings related to government contracts or other
matters; safety performance; and future environmental costs. These statements
are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties, including those described under the captions "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation - Other
Matters - Environmental" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operation - Other Matters - Government Contracts" on
page 24 of the 2000 Annual Report. Actual results or performance may differ
materially from any future results or performance anticipated based on
management's current expectations contained in such forward looking statements.
The Company assumes no duty to update its forward looking statements. Other
important factors that could cause actual results to differ from those in such
forward looking statements include the following:



                                       19
<PAGE>   20

         Cyclical Demand for Products. Demand for the Company's products is
cyclical because the industries in which customers of such businesses operate
are cyclical. Various changes in general economic conditions affect these
industries, including decreases in the rate of consumption or use of their
products due to economic recessions. Significant downturns in the domestic
economy are believed to have adversely affected the Company's results of
operations from time to time. Other factors causing fluctuation in market demand
and volatile pricing include national and international overcapacity, currency
fluctuations, lower priced imports and increases in use or decreases in prices
of substitute materials.

         The current trend of price deflation for many commodity products may
also adversely affect prices for commodity grades of specialty materials and
industrial products. As a result of these factors, the Company's operating
results could be subject to significant fluctuation. For example, in recent
years, adverse pricing environments for commodity grades of stainless steel have
negatively affected the Company's sales and operating profit.

         Volatility of Energy Prices; Availability of Energy Resources: The
prices for electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject
to market conditions and may be volatile. The Company relies upon outside
sources for the supply of energy resources to manufacture its products, and the
availability of such energy resources are subject to market conditions. These
market conditions are often affected by political and economic factors outside
the Company's control. The Company's ability to implement or maintain energy
surcharges depends on market conditions. In addition, certain of our suppliers
and customers may be impacted by power outages or high energy prices. Volatile
prices for, or shortages in supply of, energy resources could materially
adversely impact the Company's operating results.

         Volatility of Prices of Critical Raw Materials; Unavailability of Raw
Materials. Purchase prices of certain critical raw materials are volatile. As a
result, the Company's operating results could be subject to significant
fluctuation. For example, since the Company generally uses in excess of 40,000
tons of nickel each year, a hypothetical change of $1.00 per pound in nickel
prices would result in increased costs of approximately $80 million. While
nickel surcharges are intended to offset the impact of increased nickel costs,
competitive factors in the marketplace can limit the Company's ability to
institute surcharges and there can be a delay between the increase in the price
of nickel and the realization of the benefit of the surcharges. The Company
enters into raw material future contracts from time to time to hedge its
exposure to price fluctuation. The Company believes that it has adequate
controls to monitor these contracts which are not financially material.

         Certain important raw materials used to produce specialty materials
including nickel, titanium sponge and ammonia paratungstate are acquired from
foreign sources. Some of these sources operate in countries that may be subject
to unstable political and economic conditions. These conditions may disrupt
supplies or affect the prices of these materials.

         Labor Matters. The Company has approximately 11,400 employees.
Approximately 47 percent of the Company's workforce is covered by various
collective bargaining agreements, principally with the United Steelworkers of
America ("USWA"), including: approximately 3,900 Allegheny Ludlum production and
maintenance employees covered by collective bargaining



                                       20
<PAGE>   21

agreements between Allegheny Ludlum and the USWA, which are effective through
June 30, 2001; approximately 340 Oremet employees covered by a collective
bargaining agreement with the USWA which was effective through July 31, 2000;
and approximately 650 Wah Chang employees covered by a collective bargaining
agreement with the USWA which the USWA terminated as of January 28, 2001. Until
notice is provided otherwise, Oremet employees are currently working pursuant to
the terms of the collective bargaining agreement.

         Generally, agreements that expire may be terminated after notice by the
USWA. After termination, the USWA may authorize a strike. A strike by the
employees covered by one or more of the collective bargaining agreements could
materially adversely affect the Company's operating results. There can be no
assurance that the Company will succeed in concluding collective bargaining
agreements with the USWA or other unions to replace those that expire.

         In 1994, following the expiration of a prior collective bargaining
agreement between Allegheny Ludlum and the USWA, the USWA authorized a strike by
its members that lasted 10 weeks and materially adversely affected Allegheny
Ludlum's operating results.

         Risks of Export Sales. The Company believes that export sales will
continue to account for a material percentage of the Company's sales. Risks
associated with export sales include: political and economic instability,
including weak conditions in the world's economies; accounts receivable
collection; export controls; changes in legal and regulatory requirements;
policy changes affecting the markets for the Company's products; changes in tax
laws and tariffs; and exchange rate fluctuations (which may affect sales to
international customers and the value of and profits earned on export sales when
converted into dollars). Any of these factors could materially adversely effect
the Company's results.

         Risks Associated with Acquisition and Disposition Strategies. The
Company intends to continue to strategically position its businesses in order to
improve its ability to compete. The Company plans to do this by seeking
specialty niches, expanding its global presence, acquiring businesses
complementary to existing strengths and continually evaluating the performance
and strategic fit of existing business units. The Company regularly considers
acquisition, joint ventures, and other business combination opportunities as
well as possible business unit dispositions. Its management from time to time
holds discussions with management of other companies to explore such
opportunities. As a result, the relative makeup of the businesses comprising the
Company is subject to change. Acquisitions, joint ventures, and other business
combinations involve various inherent risks, such as: assessing accurately the
value, strengths, weaknesses, contingent and other liabilities and potential
profitability of acquisition or other transaction candidates; the potential loss
of key personnel of an acquired business; the Company's ability to achieve
identified financial and operating synergies anticipated to result from an
acquisition or other transaction; and unanticipated changes in business and
economic conditions affecting an acquisition or other transaction. International
acquisitions and other transactions could be affected by export controls,
exchange rate fluctuations, domestic and foreign political conditions and a
deterioration in domestic and foreign economic conditions.

         Uncertainties Relating to Synergies. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to realize, or do so within any particular time frame, the
cost reductions, cash flow increases



                                       21
<PAGE>   22

or other synergies expected to result from acquisitions, joint ventures and
other transactions or investments the Company may undertake, or be able to
generate additional revenue to offset any unanticipated inability to realize
such expected synergies. Realization of the anticipated benefits of acquisitions
and other transactions could take longer than expected and implementation
difficulties, market factors and a deterioration in domestic or global economic
conditions could alter the anticipated benefits.

         Uncertainties Relating to Spin-Offs-General. In the spin-offs of
Teledyne and Water Pik, completed in November 1999, the new companies agreed to
assume and to defend and hold the Company harmless against all liabilities
(other than certain income tax liabilities) associated with the historical
operations of their businesses, including all government contracting,
environmental, product liability and other claims and demands, whenever any such
claims or demands might arise or be made. If the new companies were unable or
otherwise fail to satisfy these assumed liabilities, the Company could be
required to satisfy them, which could have a material adverse effect on the
Company's results of operations and financial condition.

         Uncertainties Relating to Spin-Offs-Tax Ruling. While the tax ruling
relating to the qualification of the spin-offs of Teledyne and Water Pik as
tax-free distributions within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code generally
is binding on the Internal Revenue Service, the continuing validity of the tax
ruling is subject to certain factual representations and uncertainties that,
among other things, require the new companies to take or refrain from taking
certain actions. If a spin-off were not to qualify as a tax-free distribution
within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company would recognize
taxable gain generally equal to the amount by which the fair market value of the
common stock distributed to the Company's stockholders in the spin-off exceeded
the Company's basis in the new company's assets. In addition, the distribution
of the new company's common stock to Company stockholders would generally be
treated as taxable to the Company's stockholders in an amount equal to the fair
market value of the common stock they received. If a spin-off qualified as a
distribution within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code but was
disqualified as tax-free to the Company because of certain post-spin-off
circumstances, the Company would recognize taxable gain as described in the
preceding sentence, but the distribution of the new company's common stock to
the Company's stockholders in the spin-off would generally be tax-free to each
Company stockholder. In the spin-offs, the new companies executed tax sharing
and indemnification agreements in which each agreed to be responsible for any
taxes imposed on and other amounts paid by the Company, its agents and
representatives and its stockholders as a result of the failure of the spin-off
to qualify as a tax-free distribution within the meaning of the Internal Revenue
Code if the failure or disqualification is caused by post-spin-off actions by or
with respect to that company or its stockholders. Potential liabilities under
these agreements could exceed the respective new company's net worth by a
substantial amount. If either or both of the spin-offs were not to qualify as
tax-free distributions to the Company or its stockholders, and either or both of
the new companies were unable or otherwise failed to satisfy the liabilities
they assumed under the tax sharing and indemnification agreements, the Company
could be required to satisfy them without full recourse against the new
companies. This could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of
operations and financial condition.



                                       22
<PAGE>   23



         Risks Associated with Environmental Matters. The Company is subject to
various domestic and international environmental laws and regulations. These
laws have changed in recent years, and the Company expects to face increasingly
stringent environmental standards in the future.

         The Company believes that it operates its businesses in compliance in
all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations.
However, the Company is a party to lawsuits and other proceedings involving
alleged violations of environmental laws. When the Company's liability is
probable and it can reasonably estimate its costs, the Company records
environmental liabilities on its financial statements. However, some of these
environmental investigations are not at a stage where the Company has been able
to determine liability, or if liability is probable, to reasonably estimate the
loss or range of loss. Estimates of the Company's liability remain subject to
additional uncertainties regarding: the nature and extent of site contamination;
the range of remediation alternatives available; evolving remediation standards;
imprecise engineering evaluations and estimates of appropriate cleanup
technology, methodology and cost; the extent of corrective actions that may be
required; and the number and financial condition of other potentially
responsible parties, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the
remediation. Accordingly, as investigation and remediation of these sites
proceed and the Company receives new information, the Company expects that it
will adjust its accruals to reflect new information. Future adjustments could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations in a given
period, but the Company cannot reliably predict the amounts of such future
adjustments.

         Based on currently available information, the Company's management does
not believe that future environmental costs, in excess of those already accrued,
will materially adversely affect the Company's financial condition or results of
operations. However, the Company cannot provide any assurance that additional
future developments, administrative actions or liabilities relating to
environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's
financial condition or results of operations.

         Risks Associated with Government Contracts. One of the Company's
operating companies directly performs contractual work for the U.S. Government.
Various claims (whether based on U.S. Government or Company audits and
investigations or otherwise) have been or may be asserted against the Company
related to its U.S. Government contract work, principally related to the former
operations of Teledyne, Inc., including claims based on business practices and
cost classifications and actions under the False Claims Act. Depending on the
circumstances and the outcome, such proceedings could result in fines,
penalties, compensatory and treble damages or the cancellation or suspension of
payments under one or more U.S. Government contracts. Under government
regulations, a company, or one or more of its operating divisions or units, can
also be suspended or debarred from government contracts based on the results of
investigations.

         Given the limited extent of the Company's business with the U.S.
Government, the Company believes that a suspension or debarment of the Company
would not have a material adverse effect on the future operating results and
consolidated financial condition of the Company. Although the outcome of these
matters cannot be predicted with certainty,



                                       23
<PAGE>   24

management does not believe there is any audit, review or investigation
currently pending against the Company of which management is aware that is
likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or
liquidity. The resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these
matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of
operations for that period.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

         The Company's principal domestic facilities as of December 31, 2000 are
listed below by segment. Of those facilities listed below which are owned, three
are subject to mortgages or similar encumbrances securing borrowings under
certain industrial development authority financings. See Note 3 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements on page 34 of the 2000 Annual Report. Although
the facilities vary in terms of age and condition, the Company's management
believes that these facilities have generally been well-maintained.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   APPROXIMATE
                                                                                                  SQUARE FOOTAGE
         FACILITY LOCATION                                PRINCIPAL USE                           (OWNED/LEASED)
         -----------------                                -------------                           --------------

<S>                                   <C>                                                       <C>
FLAT-ROLLED PRODUCTS

   Brackenridge Works                 Manufacturing of stainless steel and other                2,443,000 (owned)
   Brackenridge and Natrona, PA       specialty material strip, sheet, and plate
                                      and silicon electrical steel strip and sheet.

   West Leechburg Works               Manufacturing of stainless steel and other                1,415,000 (owned)
   West Leechburg and                 specialty material strip and sheet and silicon
   Bagdad, PA                         electrical steel strip and sheet.

   Vandergrift Plant                  Manufacturing of stainless steel strip and sheet.          966,000 (owned)
   Vandergrift, PA

   Washington Plant                   Manufacturing of specialty material plate products.        615,000 (owned)
   Washington, PA

   Washington Flat-Roll Plant         Anneal, pickle, roll and finish stainless steel sheet      350,000 (owned)
   Washington, PA                     products.

   Wallingford Plant                  Manufacturing of stainless steel and other specialty       591,000 (owned)
   Wallingford and                    material strip and sheet.
   Waterbury, CT

   Houston Plant                      Manufacturing of stainless steel and other specialty       298,000 (owned)
   Houston, PA                        material products.

   Latrobe Plant                      Production of nickel-based and other specialty steel       468,000 (owned)
   Latrobe, PA                        products.

   New Castle Plant                   Manufacturing of stainless steel sheet.                    178,000 (owned)
   New Castle, IN
</TABLE>



                                       24
<PAGE>   25

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   APPROXIMATE
                                                                                                  SQUARE FOOTAGE
         FACILITY LOCATION                                PRINCIPAL USE                           (OWNED/LEASED)
         -----------------                                -------------                           --------------

<S>                                   <C>                                                       <C>
   Massillon Plant                    96-inch wide anneal and pickle line for manufacture        165,000 (owned)
   Massillon, OH                      of stainless steel and other specialty material plate.

   Allegheny Rodney Strip Plant       Manufacturing of stainless steel precision rolled and      250,000 (owned)
   New Bedford, MA                    coated thin sheet strip and foil, custom roll-formed
                                      and stretch-formed shapes.


HIGH PERFORMANCE METALS

   Monroe Plant                       Production of nickel and titanium products and other       640,000 (owned)
   Monroe, NC                         specialty steel long products.

   Lockport Plant                     Manufacturing nickel-based alloy and other specialty       282,000 (owned)
   Lockport, NY                       material products.

   Richburg Plant                     Production of nickel and titanium product and other        221,000 (owned)
   Richburg, SC                       specialty steel long products.

   Bakers Plant                       Production of titanium ingot.                               60,000 (owned)
   Monroe, NC

   Oremet Facility                    Production of titanium, ingot, mill products and           491,000 (owned)
   Albany, OR                         castings.

   Wah Chang Facility                 Production of zirconium, hafnium, niobium, titanium        917,000 (owned)
   Albany, OR                         and tantalum.

   Richland Plant                     Production of titanium ingots, slabs and electrodes.       103,000 (owned)
   Richland, WA

   Huntsville Plant                   Production of exotic alloys and other specialty             91,000 (owned)
   Huntsville, AL                     material wire.

INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS

   Waynesboro, PA                     Production of threading systems.                           386,000 (owned)

   Huntsville, AL                     Production of tungsten and tungsten carbide powders.       293,000 (owned)

   Grant, AL                          Production of primary tungsten sintered parts.             88,000 (leased)

   Houston, TX                        Production of tungsten carbide products used in oil        120,000 (owned)
                                      and gas drilling applications.

   Nashville, TN                      Production of tungsten carbide and cutting tools.          134,000 (leased)

   La Porte, IN                       Manufacturing of large ductile and grey iron castings.     453,000 (owned)

   Portland, IN                       Manufacturing of carbon and alloy steel forgings.          215,000 (owned)

   Lebanon, KY                        Manufacturing of carbon and alloy steel forgings.          100,000 (owned)
</TABLE>



                                       25
<PAGE>   26


         The Company also owns or leases production facilities in a number of
foreign countries, including the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, and
Switzerland. The Company operates 625,000-square foot facilities for melt and
remelt, machining and bar mill operations, laboratories and offices located on a
25-acre site in Sheffield, England, and 40,000-square foot leased facility for
computer numerically controlled milling and machine operations.

         The Company's executive offices, located at PPG Place in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania are leased from third parties. These facilities are modern and
sufficient for the Company to carry on its current activities.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         The Company becomes involved from time to time in various lawsuits,
claims and proceedings relating to the conduct of its business, including those
pertaining to environmental, government contracting, product liability, patent
infringement, commercial, employment, employee benefits, and stockholder
matters.

         In June 1995, the U.S. Department of Justice commenced an action
against Allegheny Ludlum in the United States District Court for the Western
District of Pennsylvania, alleging multiple violations of the federal Clean
Water Act. Trial of this matter concluded in February 2001 with a favorable jury
verdict for Allegheny Ludlum on virtually all claims. The Court is in the
process of determining a penalty amount for approximately 150 incidents which
Allegheny Ludlum had reported to the appropriate environmental agencies.

         While the outcome of litigation, including the matters specified above,
cannot be predicted with certainty, and some lawsuits, claims or proceedings may
be determined adversely to the Company, management does not believe that the
disposition of any such pending matters is likely to have a material adverse
effect on the Company's financial condition or liquidity, although the
resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations for that period.

         See the discussion of related matters in Item 1 of Part I of this Form
10-K under the captions "Environmental, Health and Safety Matters."

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         Not applicable.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS

        Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Note
14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 48 of the 2000
Annual Report and to "Common Stock Prices" on page 49 of the 2000 Annual Report.




                                       26
<PAGE>   27

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

        Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
"Selected Financial Data" on pages 50 and 51 of the 2000 Annual Report.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

        Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" on pages 17 through 26 of the 2000 Annual Report.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations - Other Matters -Hedging" on pages 23 and 24 of the 2000 Annual
Report.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

        The Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements listed in Item 14(a)(1) are incorporated by reference to
pages 27 through 48 of the 2000 Annual Report.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

        Not applicable.
                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

        In addition to the information set forth under the caption "Principal
Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this report, the information concerning
the directors of the Company required by this item is incorporated by reference
to "Election of Directors" as set forth in the 2001 Proxy Statement filed by the
Registrant pursuant to Regulation 14A.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

        Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
"Directors Compensation," "Executive Compensation" and "Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation" as set forth in the 2001 Proxy Statement
filed by the Registrant pursuant to Regulation 14A. The Registrant does not
incorporate by reference in this Form 10-K either the "Report on Executive
Compensation" or the "Cumulative Total Stockholder Return" section of the 2001
Proxy Statement.




                                       27
<PAGE>   28



ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

        Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to "Stock
Ownership Information" as set forth in the 2001 Proxy Statement filed by the
Registrant pursuant to Regulation 14A.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

        Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
"Certain Transactions" as set forth in the 2001 Proxy Statement filed by the
Registrant pursuant to Regulation 14A.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES:

         (1)  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

         The following consolidated financial statements included on pages 27
through 48 of the 2000 Annual Report are incorporated by reference:

         Consolidated Statements of Income - Years Ended December 31, 2000, 1999
           and 1998
         Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2000 and 1999
         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2000,
           1999 and 1998
         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Years Ended December
           31, 2000, 1999 and 1998
         Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         (2)  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

         All schedules set forth in the applicable accounting regulations of the
Commission either are not required under the related instructions or are not
applicable and, therefore, have been omitted.

         (3)  EXHIBITS

         A list of exhibits included in this Report or incorporated by reference
is found in the Exhibit Index beginning on page 30 of this Report and
incorporated by reference.

(b)  REPORT ON FORM 8-K FILED IN THE FOURTH QUARTER OF 2000:

         The Company filed a current report on Form 8-K on December 7, 2000
regarding the announced resignation of Thomas A. Corcoran, as Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer.



                                       28
<PAGE>   29


                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                            ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INCORPORATED

Date:  March 14, 2001       By              /s/ Robert P. Bozzone
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                                               Robert P. Bozzone
                                 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and as of the 14th day of March, 2001.


<TABLE>
<S>                                                             <C>
              /s/ Robert P. Bozzone                                            /s/ Richard J. Harshman
--------------------------------------------------              ------------------------------------------------------
                Robert P. Bozzone                                                Richard J. Harshman
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer                               Vice President, Finance
                                                                             and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                            (Principal Financial Officer)

                                                                                  /s/ Dale G. Reid
                                                                ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    Dale G. Reid
                                                                            Vice President-Controller and
                                                                              Chief Accounting Officer
                                                                           (Principal Accounting Officer)

             /s/ Paul S. Brentlinger                                            /s/ Frank V. Cahouet
--------------------------------------------------              ------------------------------------------------------
               Paul S. Brentlinger                                                Frank V. Cahouet
                    Director                                                          Director

               /s/ Diane C. Creel                                               /s/ C. Fred Fetterolf
--------------------------------------------------              ------------------------------------------------------
                 Diane C. Creel                                                   C. Fred Fetterolf
                    Director                                                          Director

                /s/ Ray J. Groves                                              /s/ George J. Kourpias
--------------------------------------------------              ------------------------------------------------------
                  Ray J. Groves                                                  George J. Kourpias
                    Director                                                          Director

             /s/ W. Craig McClelland                                             /s/ James L. Murdy
--------------------------------------------------              ------------------------------------------------------
               W. Craig McClelland                                                 James L. Murdy
                    Director                                            Executive Vice President and Director

              /s/ William G. Ouchi                                           /s/ Charles J. Queenan, Jr.
--------------------------------------------------              ------------------------------------------------------
                William G. Ouchi                                               Charles J. Queenan, Jr.
                    Director                                                          Director

                /s/ James E. Rohr
--------------------------------------------------
                  James E. Rohr
                    Director
</TABLE>



                                       29
<PAGE>   30

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

   EXHIBIT
     NO.                              DESCRIPTION
   -------                            -----------

2.1      Separation and Distribution Agreement dated November 29, 1999 among
         Allegheny Teledyne Incorporated (now known as Allegheny Technologies
         Incorporated), TDY Holdings, LLC, Teledyne Industries, Inc., and
         Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November
         29, 1999 (File No. 1-12001)).

2.2      Separation and Distribution Agreement dated November 29, 1999 among
         Allegheny Teledyne Incorporated (now known as Allegheny Technologies
         Incorporated), TDY Holdings, LLC, Teledyne Industries, Inc., and Water
         Pik Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to
         Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 29, 1999 (File
         No. 1-12001)).

3.1      Certificate of Incorporation of Allegheny Technologies Incorporated, as
         amended , (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's
         Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File No.
         1-12001)).

3.2      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Allegheny Technologies Incorporated
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998 (File No. 1-12001)).

4.1      Credit Agreement dated as of August 30, 1996 (incorporated by reference
         to Exhibit 10 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
         ended September 30, 1996 (File No. 1-12001)), Assignment and Assumption
         Agreements dated as of August 22, 1997 and First Amendment to Credit
         Agreement dated as of August 31, 1996 (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 4 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
         September 30, 1997 (File No. 1-12001)), and Second Amendment to Credit
         Agreement dated as of March 24, 1998 to certain Credit Agreement dated
         as of August 30, 1996, as amended by First Amendment to Credit
         Agreement dated as of August 31, 1997 (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 4 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the quarter ended
         March 31, 1998 (File No. 1-12001), and Third Amendment to Credit
         Agreement dated as of March 30, 1999 (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 4 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
         March 31, 1999 (File No. 1-12001)) and Fourth Amendment to Credit
         Agreement dated as of August 6, 1999 (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 4 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
         June 30, 1999 (File No. 1-12001)), and Fifth Amendment to Credit
         Agreement dated December 29, 2000 (filed herewith).

4.2      Indenture dated as of December 15, 1995 between Allegheny Ludlum
         Corporation and The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association), as
         trustee (relating to Allegheny Ludlum Corporation's 6.95% Debentures
         due 2025) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to Allegheny
         Ludlum Corporation's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended



                                       30
<PAGE>   31

         December 31, 1995 (File No. 1-9498)), and First Supplemental Indenture
         by and among Allegheny Technologies Incorporated, Allegheny Ludlum
         Corporation and The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association), as
         Trustee, dated as of August 15, 1996 (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 15,
         1996 (File No. 1-12001)).

4.3      Rights Agreement dated March 12, 1998, including Certificate of
         Designation for Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as filed
         with the State of Delaware on March 13, 1998 (incorporated by reference
         to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March
         12, 1998 (File No. 1-12001)).

4.4      Issuing and Paying Agreement dated as of November 2, 2000 between
         Allegheny Technologies Incorporated and Bank One (filed herewith).

4.5      Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement 4(2) Program between Allegheny
         Technologies Incorporated and Chase Securities, Inc. dated as of
         November 2, 2000 (filed herewith).

4.6      Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement 4(2) Program between Allegheny
         Technologies Incorporated and Goldman, Sachs & Co. dated as of November
         2, 2000 (filed herewith).

10.1     Allegheny Technologies Incorporated 1996 Incentive Plan (incorporated
         by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K
         for the year ended December 31, 1997 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.2     Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Stock Acquisition and Retention
         Plan effective January 1, 1997 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         10.2 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
         December 31, 1996 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.3     Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Stock Acquisition and Retention
         Program effective January 1, 1998, as amended and restated
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Report
         on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.4     Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Stock Acquisition and Retention
         Program effective December 13, 2000 (filed herewith).*

10.5     Allegheny Technologies Incorporated 1996 Non-Employee Director Stock
         Compensation Plan, as amended December 17, 1998 (incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for
         the year ended December 31, 1998 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.6     Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Fee Continuation Plan for
         Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to
         the Company's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997
         (File No. 1-12001)).*



                                       31
<PAGE>   32

10.7     Supplemental Pension Plan for Certain Key Employees of Allegheny
         Technologies Incorporated and its subsidiaries (formerly known as the
         Allegheny Ludlum Corporation Key Man Salary Continuation Plan)
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.8     Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Benefit Restoration Plan, as
         amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's
         Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File No.
         1-12001)).*

10.9     Allegheny Ludlum Corporation 1987 Stock Option Incentive Plan (as
         amended and restated) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to
         Allegheny Ludlum Corporation's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
         December 31, 1995 (File No. 1-9498)).*

10.10    Allegheny Ludlum Corporation Performance Share Plan (as amended and
         restated) (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on
         Form S-4 (No. 333-8235) of Allegheny Technologies Incorporated, appears
         as Appendix F to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus forming part of
         the Registration Statement).*

10.11    Allegheny Ludlum Corporation Stock Acquisition and Retention Plan, as
         restated effective as of August 15, 1996 (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
         December 31, 1997 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.12    Teledyne, Inc. 1990 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 10 to Teledyne, Inc.'s Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
         December 31, 1990 (File No. 1-5212)).*

10.13    Teledyne, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
         to Exhibit A to Teledyne, Inc.'s 1994 proxy statement (File No.
         1-5212)).*

10.14    Teledyne, Inc. 1995 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Teledyne, Inc.'s 1995 proxy
         statement (File No. 1-5212)).*

10.15    Summary of Teledyne, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as
         restated effective September 1, 1994 (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 10.2 to Teledyne, Inc.'s Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
         December 31, 1994 (File No. 1-5212)).*

10.16    First Amendment dated as of August 14, 1995 and Second Amendment dated
         as of December 4, 1995 to the Summary of Teledyne, Inc. Executive
         Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
         to Teledyne, Inc.'s Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
         1995 (File No. 1-5212)).*

10.17    Employment Agreement dated July 15, 1996 between Allegheny Technologies
         Incorporated and James L. Murdy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         10.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No.
         333-8235)).*



                                       32
<PAGE>   33

10.18    Employment Agreement dated July 15, 1996 between Allegheny Technologies
         Incorporated and Jon D. Walton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         10.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No.
         333-8235)).*

10.19    Employment Agreement dated August 17, 1999 between Allegheny
         Technologies Incorporated and Thomas A. Corcoran (incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit 10(a) of the Company's Report on Form 10-Q for the
         period ending September 30, 1999 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.20    Restricted Stock Agreement dated September 16, 1999 between Allegheny
         Technologies Incorporated and Thomas A. Corcoran (incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company's Report on Form 10-Q for the
         period ending September 30, 1999 (File No. 12001)).*

10.21    Supplemental Pension Plan Agreement dated September 16, 1999 between
         Allegheny Technologies Incorporated and Thomas A. Corcoran
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company's Report on
         Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 1999 (File No.
         1-12001)).*

10.22    Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement (Senior Management),
         as amended (filed herewith).*

10.23    Employee Benefits Agreement dated November 29, 1999 between Allegheny
         Technologies Incorporated and Teledyne Technologies Incorporated
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant's Report
         on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.24    Employee Benefits Agreement dated November 29, 1999 between Allegheny
         Technologies Incorporated and Water Pik Technologies, Inc.
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant's Report
         on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.25    Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement dated November 29, 1999
         between Allegheny Technologies Incorporated and Teledyne Technologies
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant's Report
         on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.26    Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement dated November 29, 1999
         between Allegheny Technologies Incorporated and Teledyne Technologies
         Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the
         Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999
         (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.27    Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Executive Deferred Compensation
         Plan, as amended (filed herewith).



                                       33
<PAGE>   34

10.28    Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Performance Share Program
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Report
         on Form 10-K for 1998 (File 1-12001)).*

10.29    Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated
         by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K
         for the year ended December 31, 1998 (File 1-12001)).*

10.30    Allegheny Technologies Incorporated 2000 Incentive Plan (incorporated
         by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K
         for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File No. 1-12001)).*

10.31    Settlement Agreement and Release dated February 15, 2001 by and between
         Thomas A. Corcoran and Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (filed
         herewith).*

10.32    Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Performance Share Program and form
         of Participant Agreement for the 2000-2002 Award Period (filed
         herewith).*

10.33    Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Annual Incentive Plan for the year
         2000 (filed herewith).*

13.1     Pages 17 through that part of page 51 referencing financial data,
         inclusive, of the Annual Report of Allegheny Technologies Incorporated
         for the year ended December 31, 2000 (filed herewith).

21.1     Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith).

23.1     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP (filed herewith).

*Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as
an Exhibit to this Report.

Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the
Company and its subsidiaries have been omitted from the Exhibits in accordance
with Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted document will
be furnished to the Commission upon request.



                                       34
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
