<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a2041192z10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K


[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended                   DECEMBER 31, 2000
                          -----------------------------------------------------

[ ] Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934

Commission file number                           0-18630
                       --------------------------------------------------------


                              CATHAY BANCORP, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)


              DELAWARE                               95-4274680
--------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------
   (State or other jurisdiction of       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
   incorporation or organization)


              777 NORTH BROADWAY, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA   90012
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Address of principal executive offices)    (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:      (213) 625-4700
                                                   ----------------------------

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

    TITLE OF EACH CLASS               NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED
--------------------------            -----------------------------------------
          None                                        None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Title of class)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                    [X]  Yes                        [ ]  No

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ X ]

     The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
Registrant as of March 29, 2001 was $339,929,684 (computed on the basis of
$46.25 per share, which was the closing price of our Common Stock reported by
the Nasdaq National Market on March 29, 2001).*

     The number of shares outstanding as of March 29, 2001: Common Stock, $.01
par value - 9,085,938 shares


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


o    Portions of Registrant's definitive proxy materials relating to
     Registrant's 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, as filed, are
     incorporated by reference into Part I and Part III.

o    Portions of Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders for the Year Ended
     December 31, 2000 (referred to below as "Annual Report to Stockholders")
     are incorporated by reference into Parts I, II and IV.





-------------------------
*    Estimated solely for the purposes of this cover page. The market value of
     shares held by Registrant's directors, officers and Employee Stock
     Ownership Plan have been excluded.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

     In this annual report on Form 10-K, "Bancorp," "we," "us" and "our" refer
to Cathay Bancorp, Inc. and the "Bank" refers to Cathay Bank. The statements in
this report include forward-looking statements regarding management's beliefs,
projections and assumptions concerning future results and events. These
forward-looking statements may, but do not necessarily, also include words such
as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates" or
similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees. They involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things, adverse
developments or conditions related to or arising from:

     o   our expansion into new market areas
     o   fluctuations in interest rates
     o   demographic changes
     o   increases in competition
     o   deterioration in asset or credit quality
     o   changes in the availability of capital
     o   adverse regulatory developments
     o   changes in business strategy or development plans, including plans
         regarding the registered investment company
     o   general economic or business conditions
     o   other factors discussed in the section entitled "Factors that May
         Affect Future Results" on pages 37 through 40 of Annual Report to
         Stockholders which is incorporated herein by reference

     Actual results in any future period may also vary from the past results
discussed in this report. Given these risks and uncertainties, we caution
readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which
speak as of the date of this report. We have no intention and undertake no
obligation to update any forward-looking statement or to publicly announce the
results of any revision of any forward-looking statement to reflect future
developments or events.

ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES

                               BUSINESS OF BANCORP

     Cathay Bancorp, Inc. is a business corporation organized under the laws of
the State of Delaware on March 1, 1990. Our only office, and our principal place
of business, is located at the main office of Cathay Bank at 777 North Broadway,
Los Angeles, California 90012. Our telephone number is (213) 625-4700.

     We are the holding company of Cathay Bank, a California state-chartered
commercial bank. Our sole current business activity is to hold all of the
outstanding stock of Cathay Bank. In the future, we may become an operating
company or acquire savings institutions, banks or companies engaged


                                       2
<PAGE>

in bank-related activities and may engage in or acquire such other businesses or
activities as may be permitted by applicable law.

PROPERTY

     We currently neither own nor lease any real or personal property. We use
the premises, equipment and furniture of the Bank without the payment of any
rental fees to the Bank. See "Business of the Bank - Premises" and "Cathay
Investment Company" below.

COMPETITION

     Our primary business is the business of the Bank. Therefore, the
competitive conditions to be faced by us are expected to continue to include
those faced by the Bank. See "Business of the Bank -- Competition." In addition,
many banks and financial institutions have formed holding companies. It is
likely that these holding companies will attempt to acquire other banks, thrift
institutions or companies engaged in bank-related activities. Thus, we may face
increased competition in undertaking acquisitions of such institutions and in
operating after any such acquisition.

EMPLOYEES

     Due to the limited nature of our activities, we currently do not employ any
persons other than our management, which includes the President and the Chief
Financial Officer. In the future, if we acquire other financial institutions or
pursue other lines of business, we may hire additional employees. See "Business
of the Bank - Employees" below.

BUSINESS OF THE BANK

     Cathay Bank was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on
August 22, 1961 and was licensed by the California State Banking Department (now
named the Department of Financial Institutions) and commenced operations as a
California state-chartered bank on April 19, 1962. Cathay Bank is an insured
bank under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act but, like most state-chartered
banks of similar size in California, it is not a member of the Federal Reserve
System.

     Cathay Bank's main office is located in the Chinatown area of Los Angeles,
at 777 North Broadway, Los Angeles, California 90012.

     In addition, the Bank has the following branch offices:

     o   Southern California - 11 branches located in the cities of:
         o    Monterey Park
         o    Alhambra (2 locations)
         o    City of Industry (2 locations)
         o    Westminster
         o    San Gabriel
         o    Torrance
         o    Cerritos


                                       3
<PAGE>

         o    Irvine
         o    Diamond Bar
     o   Northern California - Six branches located in the cities of:
         o    San Jose
         o    Oakland
         o    Cupertino
         o    Fremont
         o    Millbrae
         o    Richmond
     o New York - Two branches located in the cities of:
         o    Flushing
         o    New York
     o   Texas - One branch located in Houston

     Our primary market area is defined by the Community Reinvestment Act
delineation which includes the contiguous areas surrounding each of the Bank's
branch offices. It is the Bank's policy to reach out and actively offer services
to low and moderate income groups in the delineated branch service areas. Many
of the Bank's employees speak both English and one or more Chinese dialects or
Vietnamese, and are thus able to serve the Bank's Chinese, Vietnamese and
English speaking customers.

     Cathay Bank conducts substantially the same business operations as a
typical commercial bank. It accepts checking, savings, and time deposits, and
makes commercial, real estate, personal, home improvement, automobile and other
installment and term loans. From time to time, the Bank invests available funds
in other interest earning assets, such as U.S. Treasury securities, U.S.
government agencies securities, state and municipal securities, mortgage-backed
securities, asset-backed securities and corporate bonds.

     The Bank's services also include:

      o   letters of credit
      o   wire transfers
      o   spot and forward contracts
      o   traveler's checks
      o   safe deposit
      o   night deposit
      o   social security payment deposit
      o   collection
      o   bank-by-mail
      o   drive-up and walk-up windows
      o   automatic teller machine ("ATM")
      o   Internet banking services
      o   other customary bank services


                                       4
<PAGE>

     To accommodate those customers who cannot conduct banking businesses during
normal banking hours, the Bank has extended its banking hours to include
Saturdays for all branches and Sundays for certain branches. In addition, the
operations of the drive-up and walk-up facilities are extended past normal
banking hours.

     Since its inception, the Bank's policy has been to attract business from,
and to focus its primary services for the benefit of, individuals, professionals
and small to medium-sized businesses in the local markets in which its branches
are located. The three general areas to which the Bank has directed its lendable
assets are:

     o   loans secured by real estate
     o   commercial loans and trade financing
     o   installment loans to individuals for automobile, household and other
         consumer expenditures

     Beginning in 1999, the Bank launched a program under the name of Cathay
Global Investment Services which allows its customers to purchase mutual funds,
annuities, equities, bonds and short-term money market instruments through BISYS
Brokerage Services, Inc. In 2000, BISYS Brokerage Services, Inc. was replaced by
PrimeVest Financial Services. In February 2001, Cathay Bank, in conjunction with
Trade.com, became one of the first Chinese-American banks to offer Internet
stock trading services.

SECURITIES

     Information concerning the carrying value and the maturity distribution and
yield analysis of the Bank's securities available-for-sale and securities
held-to-maturity portfolios is included on pages 21 through 23 of the Annual
Report to Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. A summary of the
amortized cost and estimated fair value of the Bank's securities by contractual
maturity is found in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 51
through 53 of the Annual Report to Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by
reference.

LOANS

     DISTRIBUTION AND MATURITY OF LOANS. Information concerning loan type and
mix, distribution of loans and maturity of loans is included on pages 23 through
25 of the Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

     NON-PERFORMING LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES. Information concerning
non-performing loans, allowance for loan losses, loans charged-off, loan
recoveries and other real estate owned is included on pages 25 through 31 and in
Notes 5 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 53 through 55 of
the Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

DEPOSITS

     Information concerning types of deposit accounts, average deposits and
rates, and maturity of time deposits of $100,000 or more is included on pages 31
through 33 of the Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated herein by
reference.


                                       5
<PAGE>

RETURN ON EQUITY AND ASSETS

     Information concerning the return on average assets, return on average
stockholders' equity, average equity to assets ratio and dividend payout ratio
is included on page 13 of the Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.

INTEREST RATES AND DIFFERENTIALS

     Information concerning interest earning asset mix, average interest earning
assets, average interest bearing liabilities and the yields on interest earning
assets and interest bearing liabilities is included on pages 17 through 19 of
the Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME

     An analysis of changes in net interest income due to changes in rate and
volume is included on pages 15 through 17 of the Annual Report to Stockholders
and is incorporated herein by reference.

COMMITMENTS AND LINES OF CREDIT

     Information concerning the Bank's outstanding loan commitments and letters
of credit is included in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on
pages 60 and 61 of the Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated herein
by reference.

CATHAY INVESTMENT COMPANY

     Cathay Investment Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cathay Bank that
was formed in 1984 to invest in real property. In 1987, Cathay Investment
Company opened a branch office in Taipei, Taiwan to promote Taiwanese real
estate investments in Southern California. The office in Taipei is located at
Sixth Floor, Suite 3, 146 Sung Chiang Road, Taipei, Taiwan, and consists of
1,812 square feet. The lease was renewed for three years from October 5, 1999 to
October 4, 2002 for a monthly rent of approximately $3,600 based on the exchange
rate in effect at March 16, 2001. As of December 31, 2000, Cathay Investment
Company did not own any properties.

CATHAY SECURITIES FUND, INC.

     Cathay Securities Fund, Inc. is a registered investment company and a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank. It was formed in 2000 to engage in the
business of investing in, owning and holding loans and securities. Its office
is located at 777 North Broadway, Los Angeles, California 90012. The
long-term plan for the registered investment company is currently under
review.

PREMISES

     The Bank's main corporate office and headquarters branch is located in the
Chinatown district of Los Angeles. The offices are in a spacious traditional
three-story structure containing 26,527 square


                                       6
<PAGE>

feet and constructed of glass and concrete. The Bank owns both the building and
the land upon which the building is situated.

     o   The main floor currently accommodates:
         o   a platform area for consumer loans and certain business and
             commercial real estate loans
         o   a new account area
         o   24 teller stations (including 16 regular tellers, seven commercial
             tellers, and one ATM)
         o   four pneumatic drive-up teller stations
         o   one walk-up teller station
         o   an operations area
         o   a vault area
     o   The second floor contains executive offices and the Bank's Board Room
     o   The third floor houses the Bank's corporate lending department

     Parking for approximately 126 automobiles is provided on three lots
adjacent to the Bank's building, two of which are owned by the Bank. The third
lot is leased under a 55-year term with a 30-year option commencing in January
1987 at a current monthly rent of approximately $15,000.

     Furthermore, the Bank owns properties in the following cities where certain
of its branch offices are located:

     o   Monterey Park
     o   Alhambra
     o   Westminster
     o   San Gabriel
     o   Torrance
     o   Cerritos
     o   City of Industry
     o   Cupertino

     In addition to the bank-owned properties, the parking lot lease and the
lease for the Cathay Investment Company's Taipei office described above, the
Bank leases certain other premises. The following table lists the location,
square footage, purpose, lease term and monthly payment of each lease.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          LOCATION             SQ. FT.             PURPOSE                  LEASE TERM          MONTHLY PAYMENT
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>        <C>                         <C>                      <C>
767 N. Hill Street            8,912      Administrative offices      2/01 - 1/04              $8,912
Los Angeles, CA
(Rm 305-306, 308-309,
313-315, 320)*
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
767 N. Hill Street            1,800      Administrative offices      2/01 - 1/04              $1,800
Los Angeles, CA
(Rm 301-302)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16025 E. Gale Ave., Ste B-1   4,483      Hacienda Heights branch     7/99 - 6/04 with one     $5,648
City of Industry, CA                     office                      more 5-year option
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                       7
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          LOCATION             SQ. FT.             PURPOSE                  LEASE TERM          MONTHLY PAYMENT
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>        <C>                         <C>                      <C>
2010 Tully Road               4,800      San Jose branch office      3/96 - 4/06 with two     $8,640
San Jose, CA                                                         5-year options**
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
710 Webster Street            5,000      Oakland branch office       9/96 - 9/01              $6,000
Oakland, CA
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1759 N. Milpitas Blvd.        3,121      Milpitas branch office      10/00 - 10/05 with two   $6,866
Milpitas, CA                                                         5-year options
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
15323 Culver Drive            4,450      Irvine branch office        10/94 - 4/09 with two    $6,089
Irvine, CA                                                           5-year options
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1095 El Camino Real           3,441      Millbrae branch office      1/00- 12/04 with one     $7,337
Millbrae, CA                                                         more 5-year option
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
800 N. Hill Street            8,707      Administrative offices      2/99 - 2/04              $5,105
Los Angeles, CA
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
43 E. Valley Blvd.            1,976      Valley/Stoneman branch      8/96 - 8/01 with three   $4,412
Alhambra, CA                             office                      5-year options
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3288 Pierce Street            2,535      Berkeley/Richmond branch    10/97 - 10/03 with two   $6,845
Suite D-101                              office                      5-year options
Richmond, CA
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1195 S. Diamond Bar Blvd.     2,500      Diamond Bar branch office   9/99 - 9/07              $5,875
Diamond Bar, CA
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
45 E. Broadway                6,450      New York Chinatown branch   1/97 - 12/06             $25,500
New York, NY                             office
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10375 Richmond Avenue         1,797      Houston branch              5/99 - 4/02              $3,414
Suite 1600                               office
Houston, TX
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Room 902-3, 9/F               700        Hong Kong representative    1/00 - 1/03 with one     $2,200
Printing House                           office                      2-year option            approximately
6 Duddell Street, Central                                                                     based on the
Hong Kong                                                                                     exchange rate in
                                                                                              effect at 3/16/01
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

* The lease is between the Bank and T.C. Realty, Inc., a California corporation
owned by the spouse of Mr. Patrick Lee. Mr. Lee is a director of Bancorp and the
Bank. Management believes that the lease is on terms at least as favorable to
the Bank as would have existed in a transaction with an unrelated third party.

** Cathay Bank has a one-time right to cancel the lease after the fifth year
upon the payment of $55,500 in consideration.

     The Bank currently operates 21 domestic branch offices, one branch office
of Cathay Investment Company in Taiwan, and one representative office in Hong
Kong. Each branch office has loan approval rights subject to the branch
manager's authorized lending limits. Activities of Cathay Investment Company's
Taiwan office and Hong Kong representative office are limited to coordinating
the transportation of documents to the Bank's main office and performing liaison
services. A list of the offices of the Bank and Cathay Investment Company is
included on page 74 of the Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.


                                       8
<PAGE>

     As of December 31, 2000, the Bank's investment in premises and equipment
totaled $29,723,160. See also Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on
page 56 of the Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by
reference.

EXPANSION

     Management of the Bank continues to look for opportunities to expand the
Bank's branch network by seeking new branch locations and/or by acquiring other
financial institutions to diversify its customer base in order to compete for
new deposits and loans, and to be able to serve its customers more effectively.

COMPETITION

     The banking business in California, and specifically in the market areas
served by most of Cathay Bank's branch offices, is highly competitive. The Bank
competes for deposits and loans with other commercial banks, savings and thrift
institutions, brokerage houses, insurance companies, mortgage companies, credit
unions, credit card companies and other financial and non-financial institutions
and entities. In addition, the Bank also competes with other entities (both
governmental and private industry) that are seeking to raise capital through the
issuance and sale of debt and equity securities. Many of these institutions and
entities offer services that are not offered directly by the Bank and have
substantially greater financial resources than does the Bank.

     The direction of federal legislation in recent years seems to favor
increased competition between different types of financial institutions and to
foster new entrants into the financial services market. Competitive conditions
are expected to continue to intensify as legislation is enacted which has the
effect of dissolving historical barriers that limit participation in certain
markets, increasing the cost of doing business for banks, or affecting the
competitive balance between banks and other financial and non-financial
institutions and entities. Technological factors, such as on-line banking and
brokerage services, and economic factors can also be expected to have an ongoing
impact on increasingly competitive conditions.

     To compete with other financial institutions in its primary service areas,
the Bank relies principally upon the following:

     o   local promotional activities
     o   personal contacts by its officers, directors, employees, and
         stockholders
     o   extended hours on week days, Saturday banking, and in certain locations
         Sunday banking
     o   Internet banking
     o   an Internet website
     o   certain other specialized services

     For customers whose loan demands exceed the Bank's lending limit, the Bank
has attempted in the past, and intends in the future, to arrange for such loans
on a participation basis with correspondent banks. The Bank also assists
customers requiring other services not offered by the Bank to obtain such
services from its correspondent banks.


                                       9
<PAGE>

     In Southern California, four other major Chinese-American banks compete for
loans and deposits with us and two major financial institutions also compete for
deposits. In Northern California, one of the four major Chinese-American banks
competes for loans and deposits and the same two major financial institutions
compete for deposits as well.

     In addition, there are many other Chinese-American banks in both Southern
and Northern California. Banks from the Pacific Rim countries, such as Taiwan,
Hong Kong and China also continue to open branches in the Los Angeles area, thus
increasing competition in the Bank's primary markets.

EMPLOYEES

     As of December 31, 2000, Bancorp and Cathay Bank (including subsidiaries)
employed approximately 559 persons, including 121 officers. None of the
employees are represented by a union. Management believes that its relations
with employees are excellent.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     See Part III, Item 10 ("Directors and Executive Officers of the
Registrant") below for information regarding the executive officers of Bancorp
and Cathay Bank.

                       REGULATION OF BANCORP AND THE BANK

     As a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended and as revised by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999,
Bancorp's primary regulatory authority is the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (or the Federal Reserve Board). The Bank Holding Company Act
requires Bancorp to file annual reports of its operations with the Federal
Reserve Board. Bancorp is also subject to examination by the Federal Reserve
Board.

     Cathay Bank, as a California state-chartered commercial bank, is regulated
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (or FDIC) and by the State of
California Department of Financial Institutions. The Bank's deposits are
insured, up to the legal maximum, by the FDIC. Although not a member of the
Federal Reserve System, the Bank is subject to Federal and State rules and
regulations.

     Regulatory authorities review key operational areas of Bancorp and the
Bank, including asset quality, capital adequacy, liquidity, management and
administrative ability, compliance with consumer protection laws and security
of confidential customer information. Applicable law and regulations also
limit the business activities in which Bancorp, the Bank and its subsidiaries
may be engaged. See also, "Other Banking Regulations - Interstate Banking"
and "- Federal Limits on the Activities and Investments of State-Chartered
Banks" below.

     Bancorp also files periodic reports, proxy statements and other information
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


                                       10
<PAGE>

     The following summary describes some of the more significant laws,
regulations and policies that affect our operations. It is not a complete
listing of all laws that apply to Bancorp and the Bank. To the extent that the
information in this Section, "Regulation of Bancorp and the Bank," describes
statutory or regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference
to such provisions.

REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT

     The banking and financial services industry is heavily regulated.
Regulations, statutes and policies affecting the industry are frequently under
review by Congress, state legislatures and the federal and state agencies
charged with supervisory and examination authority over banking institutions.
This regulatory framework is intended primarily to protect the Bank's
depositors, the federal deposit insurance fund and the safety and soundness of
the regulated financial institutions. Generally, the regulatory framework is not
intended to protect our stockholders.

     We expect that changes in the banking and financial services industry will
continue to occur in the future. Some of the changes may create opportunities
for us to compete in financial markets with less regulation. However, these
changes also may create new competitors in geographic and product markets which
have historically been limited by law to banking institutions, such as Cathay
Bank. We cannot predict how changes in regulations, statutes or policies will
impact us. These changes may have a material adverse effect on our business and
earnings.

FISCAL AND MONETARY POLICIES

     The operations of bank holding companies and their subsidiaries are
affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Bank. An
important function of the Federal Reserve Bank is to regulate the national
supply of bank credit.

     The Federal Reserve Bank uses the following instruments of monetary policy,
among others, as a means to implement its objectives:

     o   open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities
     o   changes in the discount rate on bank borrowings
     o   changes in reserve requirements on bank deposits and borrowings by
         banks and their affiliates

     The Federal Reserve Bank uses these instruments of monetary policy in
varying combinations to seek to influence the overall level of bank loans,
investments and deposits; the interest rates charged on loans and paid for
deposits; the price of the dollar in foreign exchange markets; and the level of
inflation. The Federal Reserve Bank's fiscal and monetary policies will continue
to have a significant effect on Bancorp and the Bank.

BANK HOLDING COMPANY REGULATION

     As a bank holding company, Bancorp is subject to regulation, supervision
and examination by the Federal Reserve Board. It is required to file reports
with the Federal Reserve Board and furnish such other information as may be
required by the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act.


                                       11
<PAGE>

     The Federal Reserve Board has a policy that bank holding companies must
serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks
and may not conduct their operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. It is the
Federal Reserve Bank's position that bank holding companies should stand ready
to use their available resources to provide adequate capital to their subsidiary
banks during periods of financial stress or adversity. Bank holding companies
should also maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to
obtain additional resources for assisting their subsidiary banks. If a bank
holding company fails in these requirements, the Federal Reserve Board will
generally consider such failure to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or
a violation of the Federal Reserve Board's regulations or both.

     The Federal Reserve Board also has the authority to regulate bank holding
company debt, including the authority to impose interest rate ceilings and
reserve requirements on such debt. Under certain circumstances, the Federal
Reserve Board may require Bancorp to file written notice and obtain its approval
prior to purchasing or redeeming Bancorp's equity securities.

     Bancorp must also obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board if
it acquires more than 5% of the outstanding shares of any class of voting
securities or substantially all of the assets of a bank or bank holding company.
The Federal Reserve Board must also give prior approval to any merger or
consolidation with another bank holding company.

     In addition, under the Bank Holding Company Act, Bancorp cannot acquire
direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the outstanding
voting shares of any company that is not a bank or bank holding company. It
cannot engage directly or indirectly in activities other than banking, managing
or controlling banks or furnishing services to its subsidiaries. However, there
are some statutory exceptions. Subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve
Board, Bancorp can acquire shares of companies engaged in activities that the
Federal Reserve Board deems to be closely related to banking or managing or
controlling banks. In addition, as discussed below under "Financial Services
Modernization Legislation," if Bancorp becomes a "Financial Holding Company,"
certain restrictions on acquiring ownership or control of certain non-banking
companies will no longer apply.

FINANCIAL SERVICES MODERNIZATION LEGISLATION

     On November 12, 1999, President Clinton signed into law the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (referred to in this report as the Modernization
Act), which among other things revised the Bank Holding Company Act. Effective
March 12, 2000, the Modernization Act repealed the two affiliation provisions of
the Glass-Steagall Act that restricted banks and securities firms from
affiliating.

     The Modernization Act repealed:

     o   Section 20, which restricted the affiliation of Federal Reserve member
         banks with firms "engaged principally" in specified securities
         activities, and
     o   Section 33, which restricted officer, director, or employee interlocks
         between a member bank and any company or person "primarily engaged" in
         specified securities activities.


                                       12
<PAGE>

     In addition, the Modernization Act expressly preempted any state law
restricting the establishment of financial affiliations, primarily related to
insurance. The law established a comprehensive framework to permit affiliations
among commercial banks, insurance companies, securities firms and other
financial service providers. The Modernization Act revised and expanded the Bank
Holding Company Act framework and permitted a bank holding company to engage in
additional types of financial activities provided that it became a "Financial
Holding Company" under the Modernization Act.

     Such financial activities include banking, insurance, and securities
activities; merchant banking; and additional activities incidental to such
financial activities, or complementary activities that do not pose a substantial
risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial
system generally.

     To affiliate with other financial service providers, we would have to
become a "Financial Holding Company." We would have to file a declaration with
the Federal Reserve Board, electing to engage in activities permissible for
Financial Holding Companies and certify that we are eligible to do so because
Cathay Bank is "well-capitalized" and "well-managed." The Federal Reserve Board
must also determine that Cathay Bank, as the insured depository institution
subsidiary, has at least a "satisfactory" rating under the Community
Reinvestment Act. We have not sought to become a Financial Holding Company. We
will continue to monitor our strategic business plan, market conditions and
other factors to determine whether we wish to become a Financial Holding Company
and take advantage of the expanded powers provided in the Modernization Act.

     Under the Modernization Act, securities firms and insurance companies that
become Financial Holding Companies may acquire banks and other financial
institutions. No regulatory approval will be required for a Financial Holding
Company to acquire a company (other than a bank holding company, bank or savings
association) engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to
activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve
Board. Prior Federal Reserve Board approval is required before a Financial
Holding Company acquires the beneficial ownership or control of more than 5% of
the voting shares of a bank holding company, bank or savings association. To the
extent that the Modernization Act permits banks, securities firms, and insurance
companies to affiliate, the financial services industry may experience further
consolidation.

     The Modernization Act also added a new section to the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act. The new section allowed subsidiaries of state banks to engage in
"activities as principal that would only be permissible" for a national bank to
conduct in a financial subsidiary. It expressly preserved a state bank's right
to retain all existing subsidiaries. California permits state chartered
commercial banks to engage in any activity permissible for national banks. Under
the Modernization Act, a national bank subsidiary may engage in any financial
activity which may be conducted through a Financial Holding Company subsidiary,
except for insurance underwriting, insurance investments, real estate investment
or development or merchant banking. Therefore, Cathay Bank can form subsidiaries
to engage in the activities authorized by the Modernization Act to the same
extent as a national bank. To form a financial subsidiary, the Bank must be
"well-capitalized" and meet other regulatory requirements. See "Other Banking
Regulations - Federal Limits on the Activities and Investments of
State-Chartered Banks" below.


                                       13
<PAGE>

     The Modernization Act may have the result of increasing the amount of
competition that Bancorp and the Bank face from larger institutions and other
types of companies offering financial products, many of which may have
substantially more financial resources than Bancorp and the Bank.

     PRIVACY. The Modernization Act provides consumers with new protections
against the transfer and use of their nonpublic personal information by
financial institutions. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the
Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office
of Thrift Supervision issued final rules on June 1, 2000.

     Under the new rules, financial institutions must provide among other
things:

     o   initial notices to customers about their privacy policies (including a
         description of the conditions under which they may disclose nonpublic
         personal information to nonaffiliated third parties and affiliates)
     o   annual notices of such privacy policies to current customers
     o   subject to certain exceptions, a reasonable method for customers to
         "opt out" of disclosure to nonaffiliated third parties

     The rules were effective November 13, 2000, but compliance is optional
until July 1, 2001. These federal privacy protections do not prohibit state
governments from imposing more protective rules, and a variety of such bills are
currently pending in the California state legislature.

     CONSUMER PROTECTION RULES - SALE OF INSURANCE PRODUCTS. On December 4,
2000, the federal bank and thrift regulatory agencies adopted consumer
protection rules for the sale of insurance products by depository institutions
as required by the Modernization Act. The effective date was originally April 1,
2001, but on March 19, 2001, the federal agencies postponed the effective date
until October 1, 2001. The rules apply to any depository institution or any
person selling, soliciting, advertising or offering insurance products or
annuities to a customer at an office of the institution or on behalf of the
institution.

     The rule requires oral and written disclosure, before the completion of the
sale of an insurance product or annuity, that such product:

     o   is not a deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed by, the
         depository institution or its affiliate
     o   is not insured by the FDIC or any other agency of the United States,
         the depository institution or its affiliates
     o   has certain risks of investment, including possible loss of value

     Finally, the depository institution may not condition an extension of
credit on the consumer's purchase of an insurance product or annuity from the
depository institution or from any of its affiliates; on the consumer's
agreement not to obtain an insurance product or annuity from an unaffiliated
entity; or by prohibiting a consumer from obtaining an insurance product or
annuity from


                                       14
<PAGE>

an unaffiliated entity. The disclosure must be understandable and the customer
must acknowledge receipt of such disclosure.

     In addition, to the extent practicable, a depository institution must keep
insurance and annuity activities physically segregated from the areas where
retail deposits are routinely accepted from the general public.

     SAFEGUARDING CONFIDENTIAL CUSTOMER INFORMATION. In February 2001, the
federal bank and thrift regulatory agencies published guidelines requiring
financial institutions to establish an information security program to:

     o   identify and assess the risks that may threaten customer information
     o   develop a written plan containing policies and procedures to manage and
         control these risks
     o   implement and test the plan
     o   adjust the plan on a continuing basis to account for changes in
         technology, the sensitivity of customer information, and internal or
         external threats to information security

     Each institution may implement a security program appropriate to its size
and complexity and the nature and scope of its operations.

     The guidelines outline specific security measures that institutions should
consider in implementing a security program. A financial institution must adopt
those security measures determined to be appropriate. The guidelines require the
Board of Directors to oversee an institution's efforts to develop, implement and
maintain an effective information security program and approve written
information security policies and programs. The guidelines are effective July 1,
2001.

     The precise impact of the Modernization Act on Bancorp and the Bank will
not be fully known until the last of the Modernization Act's phased effective
dates occurs on November 12, 2004 and until regulatory agencies promulgate all
the administrative regulations implementing many portions of the Act. It can be
expected that state regulatory authorities and/or legislatures may act in
response to the Modernization Act.

OTHER BANKING REGULATIONS

     Cathay Bank, as a California state-chartered commercial bank, is subject
to primary supervision, periodic examination and regulation by the FDIC and
by the State of California Department of Financial Institutions. The Bank's
deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the legal maximum and the Bank is
subject to FDIC rules applicable to insured banks. Although not a member of
the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is subject to Federal and State rules
and regulations.

     CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS. The Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC have
established risk-based minimum capital guidelines that seek to ensure that
banking organizations are appropriately capitalized. The guidelines are intended
to provide a measure of capital that reflects the degree of risk associated with
a banking organization's operations for transactions reported on the balance
sheet as assets, and transactions which are recorded as off-balance sheet items,
such as letters of


                                       15
<PAGE>

credit or recourse arrangements. Under these guidelines, the nominal dollar
amounts of assets and the credit equivalent amounts of off-balance sheet items
are multiplied by one of several risk adjusted percentages. The risk adjusted
percentages range from 0% for assets with low credit risk, such as U.S. Treasury
Securities, to 100% for assets with high credit risk, such as commercial loans.

     The federal regulators require a minimum ratio of qualifying total capital
to risk-adjusted assets of 8% (10% to be well capitalized) and a minimum ratio
of Tier 1 capital to risk-adjusted assets of 4% (6% to be well capitalized). In
addition, the federal regulators require a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%
(5% to be well capitalized). The Bank was well capitalized as of December 31,
2000 with a total risk-based capital ratio of 11.84%, a Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of 10.64% and Tier 1 leverage ratio of 8.93%.

     The tables presenting our risk-based capital and leverage ratios as of
December 31, 2000 are included in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements on page 59 of the Annual Report to Stockholders, and are incorporated
herein by reference.

     PROMPT CORRECTIVE ACTION. In December 1991, the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (or FDICIA) was enacted into law. FDICIA
provided for the recapitalization of the Bank Insurance Fund and improved
examinations of insured depository institutions. It required each federal
banking regulatory agency to revise its risk-based capital standards and to
specify levels at which regulated institutions are considered "well
capitalized," "adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly
undercapitalized" or "critically undercapitalized." It prescribes standards for
safety and soundness of all insured depository institutions. FDICIA requires
each federal banking agency and the FDIC to take "prompt corrective action"
against those institutions that fail to satisfy their minimum capital
requirements. As of December 31, 2000 the Bank was well capitalized for these
regulatory purposes.

     An institution that, based on its capital levels, is classified as well
capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized may be treated as though
it were in the next lower capital category, if the appropriate federal banking
agency determines that an unsafe or unsound condition or an unsafe or unsound
practice warrants such treatment. The affected institution must receive proper
notice and have an opportunity for a hearing. At each successive lower capital
category, an insured bank is subject to more restrictions, including
restrictions on the bank's activities, operational practices and ability to pay
dividends.

     In addition to measures taken under the prompt corrective action provision,
commercial banking organizations may be subject to potential enforcement actions
by federal regulators for, among other things, unsafe or unsound practices in
conducting their businesses, or violations of any law, rule, regulation, or any
condition imposed in writing by the relevant regulatory agency or any written
agreement with a regulatory agency.

     PREMIUMS FOR DEPOSIT INSURANCE. Cathay Bank's deposit accounts are insured
by the Bank Insurance Fund, as administered by the FDIC, up to the maximum
permitted by law. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by each Bank Insurance
Fund member institution is based on its capitalization risk level and its
supervisory subgroup category. The supervisory subgroup category is based on the


                                       16
<PAGE>

FDIC's assessment of the financial condition of the institution and the
probability that FDIC intervention or other corrective action will be required.

     The Bank Insurance Fund assessment rate as of December 31, 2000, ranged
from zero to 27 basis points per $100 of insured deposits. At December 31, 2000,
the Bank's assessment rate was zero. The FDIC may increase or decrease the
assessment rate schedule on a semiannual basis. An increase in the Bank
Insurance Fund assessment rate could have a material adverse effect on our
earnings.

     The FDIC is authorized to terminate a depository institution's deposit
insurance if it finds among other things that:

     o   the institution's condition is unsafe or unsound
     o   the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices
     o   the institution has violated any applicable law, rule, regulation,
         order or condition imposed in writing by the relevant regulating agency
         or any written agreement with a regulating agency

     Under the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996,
on January 1, 1997, banks began paying an annual assessment towards the
retirement of U.S. government issued Financing Corporation bonds. The bonds were
issued in the 1980s to capitalize the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance
Corporation to assist in the recovery of the savings and loan industry. FDIC
insured institutions paid approximately 2.07 cents per $100 of Bank Insurance
Fund-assessable deposits in 2000. The FDIC established the assessment rate
effective for the first two quarters of 2001 at approximately 1.93 cents
annually per $100 of Bank Insurance Fund-assessable deposits.

     DIVIDENDS. As a California corporation and a state-chartered bank, Cathay
Bank may not pay dividends to Bancorp in excess of certain statutory and
regulatory limits. As of December 31, 2000, the maximum dividend that Cathay
Bank could have declared, subject to regulatory approval, was $71,973,000.

     The California Commissioner of Financial Institutions and the Federal
Reserve Board may also prohibit a bank from paying dividends to its bank holding
company if they determine that such payment would constitute an unsafe or
unsound banking practice. In addition, if Cathay Bank fails to comply with its
minimum capital requirements, its regulators may restrict its ability to pay
dividends using prompt corrective action or other enforcement powers.

     COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT AND FAIR LENDING. Cathay Bank is subject to
certain fair lending requirements and reporting obligations involving its home
mortgage lending operations and Community Reinvestment Act activities. Under the
Community Reinvestment Act, a bank is obligated to help meet the credit needs of
its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods,
consistent with safe and sound operation. The Community Reinvestment Act does
not establish specific lending requirements or programs, nor does it limit a
bank's discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes
are best suited to its community. However, the Community Reinvestment Act does
require that federal regulators, when examining an institution, assess the
institution's record of meeting the credit needs of its community and take such


                                       17
<PAGE>

record into account in evaluating certain applications, including an application
to become a Financial Holding Company under the Modernization Act.

     Federal regulators are required to provide a written examination of an
institution's Community Reinvestment Act performance. The regulators rate an
institution's performance using a four tiered rating system. The ratings are:
outstanding record of meeting community credit needs; satisfactory record of
meeting community credit needs; needs to improve record of meeting community
credit needs; and substantial noncompliance of meeting community credit needs.
The ratings are available to the public. Based upon an examination by the FDIC
in January 2001, the Bank's Community Reinvestment Act rating was "satisfactory"
in meeting community credit needs.

     Cathay Bank is also subject to other fair lending requirements and
reporting obligations related to its home mortgage lending operations. The Equal
Credit Opportunity Act and Fair Housing Act prohibit discrimination on the basis
of race, color, religion, national origin, sex or marital status, or age
(provided the applicant has the capacity to contract). A bank can become subject
to substantial penalties and corrective measures for violations of fair lending
laws.

     FEDERAL LIMITS ON THE ACTIVITIES AND INVESTMENTS OF STATE-CHARTERED BANKS.
Federal restrictions on the direct and indirect activities and investments of
state-chartered or licensed depository institutions exist if the institution
either carries federal deposit insurance or is involved in activities with
foreign banks. The FDIC is the regulatory agency with the authority to determine
federal restrictions on all direct and indirect activities and investments.

     Prior to 1999, subject to a number of grandfathering provisions and a few
exceptions, there were three rules which limited the activities and investments
of state-chartered banks.

     1.  A state-chartered bank could not engage as principal in any type of
         activity that was prohibited for a national bank, unless the FDIC
         determined the activity posed no significant risk to the affected
         deposit insurance fund and the institution met its fully phased in
         capital requirements.
     2.  A state-chartered bank could not make or retain an equity investment of
         a type or in an amount that was prohibited for a national bank; and,
         divestiture of such an investment was required by 1996.
     3.  A state-chartered bank could retain an equity investment in the form of
         a majority-owned subsidiary engaged as principal in activities
         prohibited for a national bank subsidiary, but only if the FDIC had
         made the same determinations respecting risk to the insurance fund and
         capital compliance by the bank.

     The Modernization Act added a new section to the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act to provide that an insured state bank may control or hold an interest in a
subsidiary engaged as principal in activities that would be permissible for a
national bank to conduct through a financial subsidiary, subject to certain
conditions. Under the Modernization Act, in January 2001, the FDIC adopted final
rules to streamline the certification process. State nonmember banks may self
certify that they meet the requirements necessary to qualify for conducting
non-agency activities. The insured state bank must certify that: it is "well
managed;" it is "well capitalized;" it will deduct the aggregate amount of its
outstanding equity investment in all financial subsidiaries that engage in
activities as principal from


                                       18
<PAGE>

the bank's total assets and tangible equity; and it will deduct such equity
investment in such financial subsidiaries from its total risk-based capital. In
addition, the bank must have received a Community Reinvestment Act rating of
"satisfactory" in meeting community credit needs in its most recent examination.

     Additional requirements must be satisfied in order for a financial
subsidiary of a state nonmember insured bank to conduct securities underwriting.
Securities activities are subject to a variety of general and specific safety
and soundness restrictions. Further, state banks wishing to engage in activities
prohibited to national banks, such as real estate development or investment,
must continue to seek FDIC consent by filing a notice or application, as was the
procedure before the Modernization Act.

     INTERSTATE BANKING. The Federal Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and
Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 was signed into law on September 29, 1994. The
Riegle-Neal Act significantly relaxed or eliminated many restrictions on
interstate banking. Effective September 29, 1995, the Riegle-Neal Act permitted
a bank holding company to acquire banks in states other than its "home state,"
even if applicable state law would not permit that acquisition. Such
acquisitions continue to require Federal Reserve Board approval and remain
subject to certain state laws.

     Effective June 1, 1997, the Riegle-Neal Act permitted interstate mergers of
banks, thereby allowing a single merged bank to operate branches in multiple
states. The Riegle-Neal Act allowed each state to adopt legislation to "opt-out"
of these interstate merger provisions. Conversely, the Riegle-Neal Act permitted
states to "opt in" to the merger provisions of the Act prior to their stated
effective date, to permit interstate mergers in that state prior to June 1,
1997. The enactment of the California Interstate Banking and Branching Act of
1995 provided for interstate banking and branching in California. This early
opt-in legislation became effective on October 2, 1995. It required out-of-state
institutions which did not own a California bank to acquire an existing whole
five-year old bank before establishing a California branch. De novo interstate
branching was not permitted. This act revised much of the original California
interstate banking law first enacted in 1986 that permitted interstate banking
with other states on a reciprocal basis.

     Banks and bank holding companies contemplating acquisitions must comply
with the following Acts, as applicable:

     o   the competitive standards of the Bank Holding Company Act
     o   the Change in Bank Control Act
     o   the Bank Merger Act

     The crucial test under each Act is whether the proposed acquisition will
"result in a monopoly" or will "substantially" lessen competition in the
relevant geographic market. Both the Bank Holding Company Act and the Bank
Merger Act preclude granting regulatory approval for any transaction that will
"result in" a monopoly or is in furtherance of a plan to create a monopoly.
However, where a proposed transaction is likely to cause a substantial reduction
in competition, or tends to create a monopoly or otherwise restrain trade, these
Acts permit the granting of regulatory approval under certain circumstances. The
applicable regulator may approve the transaction if it concludes that the


                                       19
<PAGE>

perceived anti-competitive effects are clearly outweighed by the probable
beneficial effects of the transaction in meeting the convenience and needs of
the community to be served.

     We seek to expand our market areas by acquiring other financial
institutions or establishing de novo branches in or outside of California as
permitted by applicable laws, whenever suitable opportunities present
themselves. The Riegle-Neal Act may have the effect of increasing competition by
facilitating entry into the California banking market by out of state banks and
bank holding companies.

     FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK. The Federal Home Loan Bank System consists of
twelve district banks and is supervised by the Federal Housing Finance Board.
Commercial banks, credit unions, savings associations and certain other insured
depository institutions making long-term home mortgage loans are eligible to
become members of the Federal Home Loan Bank System.

     In January 1993, the Bank became a member and stockholder of the Federal
Home Loan Bank in San Francisco. As a member and stockholder, the Bank has
access to a source of low-cost liquidity. The level of stock ownership is
currently governed by the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, and the amount of
borrowing is defined by the amount of stock purchased. Stock is purchased and
redeemed at par. The Bank's investment in Federal Home Loan Bank stock totaled
56,133 shares or $5,613,300 as of December 31, 2000.

     All credit extended by the district bank requires full collateralization.
Eligible collateral includes the following:

     o  residential first mortgage loans on single and multi-family projects
     o  U.S. government and agency securities
     o  deposits in district banks
     o  certain other real estate related assets permitted by law

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Management is not currently aware of any litigation that is expected to
have material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition or the
results of operations. The information contained in the second paragraph
under the caption "Certain Transactions - Banking Transactions" on Page 21 of
the Proxy Statement (as defined below) is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the
fourth quarter of 2000.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

   (a)  Market Information


                                       20
<PAGE>

        The information under the caption "Market for Cathay Bancorp, Inc.
        Stock"on page 41 and under the caption "Additional Information" on page
        74 of the Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by
        reference. As of March 29, 2001, the closing price of our Common Stock
        was $46.25 per share as reported by the Nasdaq National Market.

   (b)  Holders

        As of March 2, 2001, there were approximately 1,750 holders of record of
        our Common Stock.

   (c)  Dividends

        The information under the captions "Market for Cathay Bancorp, Inc.
        Stock" on page 41 and "Capital Resources" on pages 33 and 34 and in Note
        11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 59 and 60 of the
        Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The information under the caption "Selected Consolidated Financial Data" on
page 13 of the Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

     The information under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 14 through 40 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The information under the captions "Liquidity and Market Risk" and
"Interest Rate Sensitivity" on pages 34 through 37 of the Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The Independent Auditors' Report and the Company's Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes thereto on pages 43 through 70 of the Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. See Item 14 of this report for
information concerning financial statements filed with this report.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not applicable.


                                       21
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information under the caption "Election of Directors" on pages 3
through 7 of our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2001 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") is incorporated herein by reference.

     The term of office of each officer is from the time of appointment until
the next annual organizational meeting of the Board of Directors of Bancorp or
Cathay Bank (or action in lieu of a meeting) and until the appointment of his or
her successor unless, before that time, the officer resigns or is removed or is
otherwise disqualified from serving as an officer of Bancorp or Cathay Bank.

     The information under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance" on page 21 of our Proxy Statement is incorporated herein
by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information under the captions "Compensation of Directors",
"Information Concerning Management Compensation", "Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Compensation Committee Report on
Executive Compensation" on pages 9 through 19 of our Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS

     The information under the captions "Principal Holders of Securities" on
page 2 and "Election of Directors" on pages 3 through 7 of our Proxy Statement
is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information under the captions "Election of Directors" on pages 3
through 7 and "Certain Transactions" on pages 21 and 22 of our Proxy Statement
is incorporated herein by reference.


                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     Documents Filed as Part of this Report

                                       22
<PAGE>

     (a)(1)  Financial Statements

                              Financial Statements
                                       of
                      Cathay Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary*

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                              PAGE NO. IN
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             -------------
<S>                                                                                          <C>
             Consolidated Statements of Condition
               as of December 31, 2000 and 1999                                                     43

             Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
               for each of the years in the 3-year period
               ended December 31, 2000                                                              44

             Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
               for each of the years in the 3-year period
               ended December 31, 2000                                                              45

             Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
               for each of the years in the 3-year period
               ended December 31, 2000                                                              46

             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                           47-69

             Independent Auditors' Report of KPMG LLP                                               70
</TABLE>


     *Parent-only condensed financial information of Bancorp as of December 31,
2000 and 1999 and for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 is
included in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 67 and 68
of the Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.

     (a)(2)  Financial Statement Schedules

             Schedules have been omitted since they are not applicable, they are
             not required, or the information required to be set forth in the
             schedules is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or
             notes thereto incorporated by reference into this report.

     (a)(3)  Exhibits

     3.1     Restated Articles of Incorporation. Previously filed with the
             Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Registration
             Statement No. 33-33767 and incorporated herein by reference.


                                       23
<PAGE>

     3.2     Restated Bylaws. Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
             Commission as an exhibit to Bancorp's Annual Report on Form 10-K
             for the year ended December 31, 1990 and incorporated herein by
             reference.

     3.3     Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating
             Preferred Stock.

     4.1     Shareholders Rights Plan. Previously filed with the Securities and
             Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Bancorp's Registration
             Statement on Form 8-A on December 20, 2000 and incorporated herein
             by reference.

     10.1    Form of Indemnity Agreements between Bancorp and its directors and
             certain officers. Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
             Commission as an exhibit to Registration Statement No.
             33-33767 and incorporated herein by reference.

     10.2    Amended and Restated Cathay Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan and
             Trust, each amended by the First Amendment, and Second Amendment
             thereto. Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
             Commission as an exhibit to Bancorp's Amendment No.1 to Annual
             Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 1998 and
             incorporated herein by reference.

     10.3    Dividend Reinvestment Plan of Bancorp. Previously filed with the
             Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Registration
             Statement No. 33-33767 and incorporated herein by reference.

     10.4    Equity Incentive Plan of Bancorp. Previously filed with the
             Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Bancorp's
             Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998
             and incorporated herein by reference.*

     13.1    Certain portions of Bancorp's 2000 Annual Report to Stockholders
             being incorporated herein by reference.

     22.1    Subsidiaries of Bancorp

     23.1    Consent of Independent Auditors

     * Management compensatory plan

     (b)     Reports on Form 8-K

             On November 28, 2000, Bancorp filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
             with the Securities and Exchange Commission to report Bancorp's
             adoption of a successor rights plan.


                                       24
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES


     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                  CATHAY BANCORP, INC.



Date:  March 30, 2001                             By: /s/ DUNSON K. CHENG
                                                      --------------------------
                                                      Dunson K. Cheng
                                                      Chairman and President

                               POWERS OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature
appears below constitutes and appoints Dunson K. Cheng and Anthony M. Tang,
jointly and severally, his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of
substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his
substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

SIGNATURE                                        TITLE                                  DATE
<S>                                              <C>                                    <C>

/s/ DUNSON K. CHENG                              President, Chairman of                 March 30, 2001
------------------------------------             the Board and Director
Dunson K. Cheng                                  (principal executive officer)

/s/ ANTHONY M. TANG                              Executive Vice President,              March 30, 2001
------------------------------------             Chief Financial Officer
Anthony M. Tang                                  /Treasurer and Director
                                                 (principal financial officer)
                                                 (principal accounting officer)

/s/ RALPH ROY BUON-CRISTIANI                     Director                               March 30, 2001
------------------------------------
Ralph Roy Buon-Cristiani
</TABLE>

                             [SIGNATURES CONTINUED]


                                       25
<PAGE>

                             [SIGNATURES CONTINUED]

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

SIGNATURE                                        TITLE                                  DATE
<S>                                              <C>                                    <C>

/s/ KELLY L. CHAN                                Director                               March 30, 2001
------------------------------------
Kelly L. Chan


/s/ MICHAEL M.Y. CHANG                           Director                               March 30, 2001
------------------------------------
Michael M.Y. Chang


/s/ GEORGE T.M. CHING                            Vice Chairman of the                   March 30, 2001
------------------------------------             Board and Director
George T.M. Ching

/s/ WING K. FAT                                  Director                               March 30, 2001
------------------------------------
Wing K. Fat


/s/ PATRICK S.D. LEE                             Director                               March 30, 2001
------------------------------------
Patrick S.D. Lee


/s/ JOSEPH C.H. POON                             Director                               March 30, 2001
------------------------------------
Joseph C.H. Poon


/s/ THOMAS G. TARTAGLIA                          Director                               March 30, 2001
------------------------------------
Thomas G. Tartaglia


/s/ WILBUR K. WOO                                Secretary of the Board                 March 30, 2001
------------------------------------             and Director
Wilbur K. Woo
</TABLE>


                                       26
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT NO.       DESCRIPTION
-----------       -----------

3.1               Restated Articles of Incorporation. Previously filed with the
                  Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to
                  Registration Statement No. 33-33767 and incorporated herein by
                  reference.

3.2               Restated Bylaws. Previously filed with the Securities and
                  Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Bancorp's Annual Report
                  on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990 and
                  incorporated herein by reference.

3.3               Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating
                  Preferred Stock.

4.1               Shareholders Rights Plan. Previously filed with the Securities
                  and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Bancorp's
                  Registration Statement on Form 8-A on December 20, 2000 and
                  incorporated herein by reference.

10.1              Form of Indemnity Agreements between Bancorp and its directors
                  and certain officers. Previously filed with the Securities and
                  Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Registration Statement
                  No. 33-33767 and incorporated herein by reference.

10.2              Amended and Restated Cathay Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan
                  and Trust, each amended by the First Amendment, and Second
                  Amendment thereto. Previously filed with the Securities and
                  Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Bancorp's Amendment No.1
                  to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December
                  31, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference.

10.3              Dividend Reinvestment Plan of Bancorp. Previously filed with
                  the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to
                  Registration Statement No. 33-33767 and incorporated herein by
                  reference.

10.4              Equity Incentive Plan of Bancorp. Previously filed with the
                  Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to Bancorp's
                  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
                  1998 and incorporated herein by reference.*

13.1              Certain portions of Bancorp's 2000 Annual Report to
                  Stockholders being incorporated herein by reference.

22.1              Subsidiaries of Bancorp

23.1              Consent of Independent Auditors

                  * Management compensatory plan

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
