<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c45950_10-k.txt
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 AND 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                  For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006

                         Commission file number 0-14030

                              ARK RESTAURANTS CORP.
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

              New York                                 13-3156768
--------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------
   (State or Other Jurisdiction of          (IRS Employer Identification No.)
   Incorporation or Organization)

             85 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY                   10003
      -------------------------------------------------------------------
        (Address of Principal Executive Offices)           (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (212) 206-8800

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

             Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
                      Act: Common Stock, par value $0.01.

         Indicate  by check  mark  whether  the  Registrant:  (1) has  filed all
reports  required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter  period that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes _X_ No __

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,
to the best of  Registrant's  knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or  information
statements  incorporated  by  reference  in Part  III of this  Form  10-K or any
amendments to this Form 10-K. [ ]

         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an  accelerated  filer
(as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes __ No _X_

         Indicate by check mark whether the  Registrant  is a shell  company (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes __ No _X_

         The  aggregate  market  value at  December  14,  2006 of  shares of the
Registrant's  Common  Stock,  $.01 par value  (based upon the closing  price per
share of such stock on the Nasdaq National Market) held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant  was  approximately  $62,721,035.  Solely  for the  purposes  of this
calculation,  shares held by directors and officers of the Registrant  have been
excluded. Such exclusion should not be deemed a determination or an admission by
the Registrant that such individuals are, in fact, affiliates of the Registrant.

         At December 14, 2006,  there were  outstanding  3,569,299 shares of the
Registrant's Common Stock, $.01 par value.

DOCUMENTS  INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:  Portions of the  Registrant's  definitive
proxy  statement to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal
year covered by this form are  incorporated  by reference in Part III, Items 10,
11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Report.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I
                                     ------

                SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
                -------------------------------------------------

On one or more  occasions,  we may make statements in this Annual Report on Form
10-K regarding our assumptions,  projections,  expectations, targets, intentions
or beliefs  about  future  events.  All  statements,  other than  statements  of
historical  facts,  included or  incorporated  by reference  herein  relating to
management's  current  expectations of future financial  performance,  continued
growth and changes in economic conditions or capital markets are forward looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the  Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Words or phrases  such as  "anticipates,"  "believes,"  "estimates,"  "expects,"
"intends,"  "plans,"  "predicts,"  "projects,"  "targets," "will likely result,"
"hopes,"  "will  continue"  or  similar  expressions  identify  forward  looking
statements.  Forward-looking  statements  involve risks and uncertainties  which
could  cause  actual  results  or  outcomes  to  differ  materially  from  those
expressed.  We caution that while we make such  statements  in good faith and we
believe such statements are based on reasonable  assumptions,  including without
limitation,  management's  examination  of  historical  operating  trends,  data
contained  in records and other data  available  from third  parties,  we cannot
assure you that our  projections  will be achieved.  Factors that may cause such
differences include: economic conditions generally and in each of the markets in
which we are  located,  the  amount  of sales  contributed  by new and  existing
restaurants,  labor costs for our  personnel,  fluctuations  in the cost of food
products,  adverse weather conditions,  changes in consumer  preferences and the
level of competition from existing or new competitors.

We have  attempted  to  identify,  in context,  certain of the  factors  that we
believe may cause actual future experience and results to differ materially from
our current  expectation  regarding  the  relevant  matter of subject  area.  In
addition to the items  specifically  discussed above,  our business,  results of
operations  and financial  position and your  investment in our common stock are
subject to the risks and  uncertainties  described in "Item 1A Risk  Factors" of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

From time to time, oral or written forward-looking  statements are also included
in our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, our Schedule 14A, our press releases
and other materials released to the public. Although we believe that at the time
made, the expectations reflected in all of these forward-looking  statements are
and will be  reasonable,  any or all of the  forward-looking  statements in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K,  our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, our Schedule 14A
and any other public  statements  that are made by us may prove to be incorrect.
This may occur as a result of  inaccurate  assumptions  or as a  consequence  of
known or unknown risks and uncertainties.  Many factors discussed in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, certain of which are beyond our control,  will be important
in determining our future performance.  Consequently,  actual results may differ
materially from those that might be anticipated from forward-looking statements.
In light of these and other  uncertainties,  you should not regard the inclusion
of a  forward-looking  statement  in this  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K or other
public  communications  that we might  make as a  representation  by us that our
plans and objectives  will be achieved,  and you should not place undue reliance
on such forward-looking statements.

We  undertake no  obligation  to publicly  update or revise any  forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information,  future events or otherwise.
However,  your attention is directed to any further  disclosures made on related
subjects  in our  subsequent  periodic  reports  filed with the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and Schedule 14A.

Unless the context requires  otherwise,  references to "we," "us," "our," "ARKR"
and  the  "Company"  refer   specifically  to  Ark  Restaurants  Corp.  and  its
subsidiaries and predecessor entities.

ITEM 1.           BUSINESS

Overview

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

We are a New York  corporation  formed  in 1983.  As of the  fiscal  year  ended
September 30, 2006, we owned and/or  operated 23  restaurants  and bars, 25 fast
food concepts,  catering  operations,  and wholesale and retail bakeries through
its  subsidiaries.  Initially our facilities were located only in New York City.
As of the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2006,  seven of our  restaurants  are
located  in New York  City,  four are  located in  Washington,  D.C.,  eight are
located in Las Vegas,  Nevada, two are located in Atlantic City, New Jersey, and
two are located at the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard, Connecticut. As of the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, our Las Vegas operations included:

         --       three restaurants  within the New York-New York Hotel & Casino
Resort, and operation of the resort's room service, banquet facilities, employee
dining room and nine food court operations;

         --       two  restaurants,  two bars and three food court facilities at
the Venetian Casino Resort; and

         --       one  restaurant  within the Forum Shops at  Caesar's  Shopping
Center.

In 2004,  we  established  operations  in Florida  which  include five fast food
facilities  in Tampa,  Florida  and eight  fast food  facilities  in  Hollywood,
Florida,  each at a Hard Rock Hotel and Casino  operated by the Seminole  Indian
Tribe at  these  locations.  All  pre-opening  expenses  were  borne by  outside
investors who invested in a limited  liability  company  established to develop,
construct,  operate and manage these  facilities.  We are the managing member of
this limited liability company and, through this limited liability  company,  we
lease and manage the  operations  of each of these  facilities in exchange for a
monthly  management  fee equal to  five-percent  of the gross  receipts of these
facilities.  Neither us nor any of our  subsidiaries  contributed any capital to
this  limited  liability  company.  None  of the  obligations  of  this  limited
liability  company are guaranteed by us and investors in this limited  liability
company have no recourse against us or any of our assets.

In December  2005, we  established  operations in Atlantic  City,  New Jersey by
opening a bar, LUNA LOUNGE, and a separate restaurant, a GALLAGHER'S STEAKHOUSE,
in the Resorts Atlantic City Hotel and Casino.

During the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2006, we  established  operations at
the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard,  Connecticut by opening a restaurant, THE
FIFTH  STREET  CAFE,  in its  newly  expanded  poker  room in  March  2006 and a
fast-casual  restaurant,  LUCKY  SEVEN,  in the  Bingo  Hall  in May  2006.  All
pre-opening  expenses were borne by outside  investors who invested in a limited
liability company  established to develop,  construct,  operate and manage these
facilities.  We are the managing member of this limited  liability  company and,
through this limited  liability  company,  we lease and manage the operations of
each of these  facilities  in  exchange  for a monthly  management  fee equal to
five-percent  of the gross receipts of these  facilities.  Neither we nor any of
our subsidiaries contributed any capital to this limited liability company. None
of the  obligations of this limited  liability  company are guaranteed by us and
investors in this limited  liability  company have no recourse against us or any
of our assets.

In  addition  to the shift  from a  Manhattan-based  operation  to a  multi-city
operation, the nature of the facilities operated by us has shifted from smaller,
neighborhood restaurants to larger,  destination restaurants intended to benefit
from high patron  traffic  attributable  to the  uniqueness of the  restaurant's
location.  Most of our  restaurants  which are in operation  and which have been
opened in recent  years are of the latter  description.  As of the  fiscal  year
ended  September 30, 2006,  these include the  restaurant  operations at the New
York-New York Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada (1997); the STAGE DELI located
at the Forum  Shops in Las  Vegas,  Nevada;  RED,  located  at the South  Street
Seaport in New York

                                       3
<PAGE>

(1998); THUNDER GRILL in Union Station, Washington, D.C. (1999); two restaurants
and four food  court  facilities  at the  Venetian  Casino  Resort in Las Vegas,
Nevada  (2000);  the 13 fast food  facilities in Tampa,  Florida and  Hollywood,
Florida,  respectively (2004); the GALLAGHER'S STEAKHOUSE and LUNA LOUNGE in the
Resorts Atlantic City Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey (2005);  and
THE FIFTH STREET CAFE and the  fast-casual  restaurant  in the Bingo Hall at the
Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard, Connecticut (2006).

Further,  in September 2006, we entered into an agreement to lease a to be named
Mexican  restaurant at the to be developed  Planet  Hollywood  Resort and Casino
(formerly  known as the  Aladdin  Resort and Casino) in Las Vegas,  Nevada,  and
entered into an agreement  to purchase the  restaurant  known as the DURGIN PARK
RESTAURANT AND THE BLACK HORSE TAVERN in Boston,  Massachusetts.  The obligation
to pay rent for the to be named Mexican  restaurant  is not effective  until the
restaurant opens for business.  We anticipate this restaurant to open during our
third quarter of the 2007 fiscal year. The agreement to purchase the DURGIN PARK
facility  provides  that we cannot take  possession of the  restaurant  until we
obtain a liquor  license for the  facility.  We are  currently in the process of
obtaining such liquor license.

Finally,  in December  2006, we expanded our  operations at the Foxwoods  Resort
Casino by opening THE GRILL AT TWO TREES in the Two Trees Inn, a facility  owned
by the  Mashantucket  Pequot  Tribal  Nation and a part of the  Foxwoods  Resort
Casino, in Ledyard, Connecticut.

The names and themes of each of our restaurants are different except for our two
AMERICA  restaurants,   two  SEQUOIA   restaurants,   two  GONZALEZ  Y  GONZALEZ
restaurants  and  two  GALLAGHER'S  STEAKHOUSE  restaurants.  The  menus  in our
restaurants  are  extensive,  offering a wide variety of high  quality  foods at
generally  moderate prices.  Of our restaurants owned or managed as of September
30, 2006, only the LUTECE restaurant may be classified as expensive.  The LUTECE
restaurant was closed effective  December 3, 2006. The atmosphere at many of the
restaurants  is  lively  and  extremely  casual.  Most of the  restaurants  have
separate  bar areas.  A majority  of our net sales are  derived  from  dinner as
opposed to lunch service. Most of the restaurants are open seven days a week and
most serve lunch as well as dinner.

While decor  differs from  restaurant  to  restaurant,  interiors  are marked by
distinctive  architectural and design elements which often incorporate  dramatic
interior  open  spaces  and  extensive  glass  exteriors.  The wall  treatments,
lighting and decorations are typically vivid, unusual and, in some cases, highly
theatrical.

The  following  table  sets  forth the  facilities  we lease and  operate  as of
September 30, 2006:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Seating
                                                                                          Capacity(2)
                                                      Year        Restaurant Size           Indoor-        Lease
Name                          Location              Opened(1)      (Square Feet)          (Outdoor)     Expiration(3)
----                          --------              ---------      -------------          ---------     -------------
<S>                   <C>                             <C>              <C>                 <C>              <C>
Metropolitan          First Avenue                    1982             4,000               180(50)          2006
 Cafe(4)              (between 52nd and 53rd
                      Streets)
                      New York, New York
</TABLE>

                                       4
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Seating
                                                                                          Capacity(2)
                                                      Year        Restaurant Size           Indoor-        Lease
Name                          Location              Opened(1)      (Square Feet)          (Outdoor)     Expiration(3)
----                          --------              ---------      -------------          ---------     -------------
<S>                   <C>                             <C>              <C>                 <C>              <C>
Gonzalez y            Broadway                        1989             6,000               250              2007
Gonzalez              (between Houston and
                      Bleecker Streets)
                      New York, New York

America               Union Station                   1989            10,000               400(50)          2009
                      Washington, D.C.

Center Cafe           Union Station                   1989             4,000               200              2009
                      Washington, D.C.

Sequoia               Washington Harbour              1990            26,000               600(400)         2017
                      Washington, D.C.

Sequoia               South Street Seaport            1991            12,000               300(100)         2008
                      New York, New York

Canyon Road           First Avenue                    1984             2,500               130              2014
                      (between 76th and 77th
                      Streets) New York, New York

Columbus              Columbus Avenue                 1988             3,000                75              2012
Bakery                (between 82nd and 83rd
                      Streets)
                      New York, New York

Bryant Park           Bryant Park                     1995            25,000               180(820)         2025
Grill & Cafe(5)       New York, New York

Columbus              First Avenue                    1995              2000                75              2006
Bakery(4)             (between 52nd and 53rd
                      Streets)
                      New York, New York

America(6)            New York-New York Hotel         1997            20,000               450              2017
                      and Casino
                      Las Vegas, Nevada

Gallagher's           New York-New York               1997             5,500               260              2017
Steakhouse(6)         Hotel & Casino
                      Las Vegas, Nevada

Gonzalez y            New York-New York               1997             2,000               120              2017
Gonzalez(6)           Hotel & Casino
                      Las Vegas, Nevada
</TABLE>

                                       5
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Seating
                                                                                          Capacity(2)
                                                      Year        Restaurant Size           Indoor-        Lease
Name                          Location              Opened(1)      (Square Feet)          (Outdoor)     Expiration(3)
----                          --------              ---------      -------------          ---------     -------------
<S>                   <C>                             <C>              <C>                 <C>              <C>
Village Eateries      New York-New York               1997             6,300               400(*)           2017
(6)(7)                Hotel & Casino
                      Las Vegas, Nevada

The Grill Room (8)    World Financial Center          1997            10,000               250              2011
                      New York, New York

The Stage Deli        Forum Shops                     1997             5,000               200              2008
                      Las Vegas, Nevada

Red                   South Street Seaport            1998             7,000               150(150)         2013
                      New York, New York

Thunder Grill         Union Station                   1999            10,000               500              2019
                      Washington, D.C.

Venetian Food         Venetian Casino Resort          1999             3,980               300(*)           2014
Court(9)              Las Vegas, Nevada

Tsunami               Venetian Casino Resort          1999            13,000               300              2019
Grill(10)(11)         Las Vegas, Nevada

Lutece(10)            Venetian Casino Resort          1999             6,400                90(90)          2019
                      Las Vegas, Nevada

Vivid(12)             Venetian Casino Resort          2001             9,700               250              2019
                      Las Vegas, Nevada

V-Bar                 Venetian Casino Resort          2000             3,000               100              2015
                      Las Vegas, Nevada

Gallagher's           Resorts Atlantic City           2005             6,280               196              2020
Steakhouse            Hotel and Casino
                      Atlantic City, New Jersey


Luna Lounge           Resorts Atlantic City           2005             2,270               114              2020
                      Hotel and Casino
                      Atlantic City, New Jersey
</TABLE>

---------------

(1)      Restaurants are, from time to time, renovated, renamed and/or converted
         from or to managed or owned  facilities.  "Year  Opened"  refers to the
         year in which we, or an  affiliated  predecessor  of us, first  opened,
         acquired or began  managing a restaurant  at the  applicable  location,
         notwithstanding  that the restaurant may have been  renovated,  renamed
         and/or  converted  from or to a managed  or owned  facility  since that
         date.

                                       6
<PAGE>

(2)      Seating capacity refers to the seating capacity of the indoor part of a
         restaurant  available for dining in all seasons and weather conditions.
         Outdoor seating  capacity,  if applicable,  is set forth in parentheses
         and refers to the seating capacity of terraces and sidewalk cafes which
         are  available  for dining  only in the warm  seasons  and then only in
         clement weather.

(3)      Assumes the exercise of all available lease renewal options.

(4)      These leases were terminated at the landlord's option effective October
         1, 2006.

(5)      The lease  governing a substantial  portion of the outside seating area
         of this restaurant expires on April 30, 2012.

(6)      Includes two five-year  renewal  options  exercisable  by us if certain
         sales  goals  are  achieved  during  the two year  period  prior to the
         exercise of the renewal option. Under the AMERICA lease, the sales goal
         is $6.0 million.  Under the Gallagher's STEAKHOUSE lease the sales goal
         is $3.0  million.  Under the  lease for  GONZALEZ  Y  GONZALEZ  and the
         VILLAGE Eateries, the combined sales goal is $10.0 million. Each of the
         restaurants is currently  operating at a level  substantially in excess
         of the minimum sales level  required to exercise the renewal option for
         each respective restaurant.

(7)      We operate eight small food court  restaurants in the VILLAGES EATERIES
         food court at the New  York-New  York Hotel & Casino.  We also  operate
         that hotel's room service, banquet facilities and employee cafeteria.

(8)      This  restaurant  experienced  damage in the attack on the World  Trade
         Center on September  11,  2001.  In  addition,  substantial  damage was
         sustained  by the World  Financial  Center in which the  restaurant  is
         located.  The  restaurant  closed on September 11, 2001 and reopened in
         early December 2002.

(9)      Our landlord  for this  facility  paid us $200,000 for the  unamortized
         portion of the non-removable  improvements  located in the facility and
         closed this facility on August 10, 2006.

(10)     These restaurants were sold effective December 1, 2006.

(11)     We shall continue to operate this restaurant until December 31, 2006.

(12)     This bar changed its name from Venus to Vivid in January 2005.

(*)      Represents common area seating.

The following table sets forth the facilities  managed by us as of September 30,
2006:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Seating
                                                                                          Capacity(2)
                                                      Year        Restaurant Size           Indoor-        Lease
Name                          Location              Opened(1)      (Square Feet)          (Outdoor)     Expiration(3)
----                          --------              ---------      -------------          ---------     -------------
<S>                   <C>                             <C>              <C>                 <C>              <C>
El Rio Grande         Third Avenue                    1987             4,000               160              2014
(4)(5)                (between 38th and 39th
                      Streets)
                      New York, New York

The Saloon(6)         Neonopolis Center               2002             6,000               200              2014
                      at Fremont Street
                      Las Vegas, Nevada
</TABLE>

                                       7
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Seating
                                                                                          Capacity(2)
                                                      Year        Restaurant Size           Indoor-        Lease
Name                          Location              Opened(1)      (Square Feet)          (Outdoor)     Expiration(3)
----                          --------              ---------      -------------          ---------     -------------
<S>                   <C>                             <C>              <C>                 <C>              <C>
Tampa Food            Hard Rock Hotel and             2004             4,000               250(*)           2029
Court(7)              Casino
                      Tampa, Florida

Hollywood Food        Hard Rock Hotel and             2004             5,000               250(*)           2029
Court(7)              Casino
                      Hollywood, Florida

Fifth Street          Foxwoods Resort Casino          2006             4,825                68              2026
Cafe(7)               Ledyard, Connecticut

Lucky Seven(7)        Foxwoods Resort Casino          2006             6,858             4,000 (**)         2026
                      Ledyard, Connecticut
</TABLE>

---------------

(1)      Restaurants are, from time to time, renovated, renamed and/or converted
         from or to managed or owned  facilities.  "Year  Opened"  refers to the
         year in which we, or an  affiliated  predecessor  of us, first  opened,
         acquired or began  managing a restaurant  at the  applicable  location,
         notwithstanding  that the restaurant may have been  renovated,  renamed
         and/or  converted  from or to a managed  or owned  facility  since that
         date.

(2)      Seating capacity refers to the seating capacity of the indoor part of a
         restaurant  available for dining in all seasons and weather conditions.
         Outdoor seating  capacity,  if applicable,  is set forth in parentheses
         and refers to the seating capacity of terraces and sidewalk cafes which
         are  available  for dining  only in the warm  seasons  and then only in
         clement weather.

(3)      Assumes the exercise of all available lease renewal options.

(4)      Management  fees earned are based on a  percentage  of cash flow of the
         restaurant.

(5)      We own a 19% interest in the partnership that owns EL RIO GRANDE.

(6)      We  received  $7,000  per  month  for  managing  the  restaurant.  This
         restaurant closed effective July 25, 2006.

(7)      Management  fees earned are based on a percentage of gross sales of the
         restaurant(s).

(*)      Represents common area seating.

(**)     Represents number of seats in the Bingo Hall.

Revenues  from  facilities  managed by us are not  included in our  consolidated
sales.

Restaurant Expansion

                                       8
<PAGE>

We opened a GALLAGHER'S STEAKHOUSE restaurant in the Resorts Atlantic City Hotel
and Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey in December 2005.

During the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2006, we  established  operations at
the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard,  Connecticut by opening a restaurant, THE
FIFTH  STREET  CAFE,  in its  newly  expanded  poker  room in  March  2006 and a
fast-casual  restaurant,  LUCKY  SEVEN,  in the  Bingo  Hall  in May  2006.  All
pre-opening  expenses were borne by outside  investors who invested in a limited
liability company  established to develop,  construct,  operate and manage these
facilities.  We are the managing member of this limited  liability  company and,
through this limited  liability  company,  we lease and manage the operations of
each of these  facilities  in  exchange  for a monthly  management  fee equal to
five-percent  of the gross receipts of these  facilities.  Neither we nor any of
our subsidiaries contributed any capital to this limited liability company. None
of the  obligations of this limited  liability  company are guaranteed by us and
investors in this limited  liability  company have no recourse against us or any
of our assets.

In addition,  in September  2006,  we entered into an agreement to lease a to be
named Mexican  restaurant  at the to be developed  Planet  Hollywood  Resort and
Casino  (formerly known as the Aladdin Resort and Casino) in Las Vegas,  Nevada,
and entered into an agreement  to purchase  the  restaurant  known as the DURGIN
PARK  RESTAURANT  AND THE BLACK  HORSE  TAVERN  in  Boston,  Massachusetts.  The
obligation to pay rent for the to be named  Mexican  restaurant is not effective
until the restaurant  opens for business.  We anticipate this restaurant to open
during our third quarter of the 2007 fiscal year.  The agreement to purchase the
DURGIN PARK facility  provides that we cannot take  possession of the restaurant
until we obtain a liquor  license  for the  facility.  We are  currently  in the
process of obtaining such liquor license.

Finally,  in December  2006, we expanded our  operations at the Foxwoods  Resort
Casino by opening THE GRILL AT TWO TREES in the Two Trees Inn, a facility  owned
by the  Mashantucket  Pequot  Tribal  Nation and a part of the  Foxwoods  Resort
Casino, in Ledyard, Connecticut.

The  opening  of a new  restaurant  is  invariably  accompanied  by  substantial
pre-opening  expenses and early operating losses associated with the training of
personnel,  excess kitchen costs, costs of supervision and other expenses during
the  pre-opening  period and during a  post-opening  "shake  out"  period  until
operations  can be considered  to be  functioning  normally.  The amount of such
pre-opening  expenses and early  operating  losses can  generally be expected to
depend upon the size and  complexity of the facility  being opened.  We incurred
$15,000 in pre-opening expenses in fiscal 2006.

Our restaurants  generally do not achieve substantial  increases in revenue from
year to year,  which we consider to be typical of the  restaurant  industry.  To
achieve  significant  increases in revenue or to replace  revenue of restaurants
that lose customer  favor or which close because of lease  expirations  or other
reasons,  we would  have to open  additional  restaurant  facilities  or  expand
existing  restaurants.  There  can be no  assurance  that a  restaurant  will be
successful  after it is opened,  particularly  since in many instances we do not
operate our new  restaurants  under a trade name  currently  used by us, thereby
requiring new restaurants to establish their own identity.

Apart from these agreements,  we are not currently committed to any projects. We
may take  advantage  of  opportunities  we consider to be  favorable,  when they
occur, depending upon the availability of financing and other factors.

Recent Restaurant Dispositions and Charges

We entered into a sale and leaseback  agreement with GE Capital in November 2000
to  refinance  the  purchase  of various  restaurant  equipment  at our food and
beverage facilities at Desert Passage, the retail

                                       9
<PAGE>

complex  at the  Aladdin  Resort & Casino in Las  Vegas,  Nevada.  In 2002,  the
operations  at the Aladdin were  abandoned.  The lease  matured in November 2005
and, in  connection  therewith,  we made an  unprovided  for lump sum payment of
$142,000 due under this lease. This lump sum payment is included in discontinued
operations.

In fiscal 2003, we determined that our restaurant,  Lutece,  located in New York
City,  had been  impaired  by the  events of  September  11th and the  continued
weakness  in the  economy.  Based upon the sum of the future  undiscounted  cash
flows  related to our  long-lived  fixed assets at Lutece,  we  determined  that
impairment  had occurred.  To estimate the fair value of such  long-lived  fixed
assets,  for determining  the impairment  amount,  we used the expected  present
value of the future cash flows. We projected  continuing negative operating cash
flow for the  foreseeable  future with no value for  subletting or assigning the
lease for the premises.  As a result,  we determined  that there was no value to
the  long-lived  fixed  assets.  We had an  investment  of $667,000 in leasehold
improvements,  furniture  fixtures and equipment.  We believed that these assets
would have nominal  value upon  disposal and  recorded an  impairment  charge of
$667,000  during  fiscal 2003.  Due to continued  weak sales,  we closed  Lutece
during the second  quarter of 2004. We recorded a net operating  loss of $27,000
during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006 which is included in losses from
discontinued  operations.  In fiscal 2004, we also incurred a one-time charge of
$470,000 related to pension plan  contributions  required in connection with the
closing of Lutece which is payable monthly over a nine year period beginning May
17, 2004 and bears interest at a rate of 8% per annum.

On December 1, 2003, we sold a restaurant,  Lorelei, for approximately $850,000.
The book value of  inventory,  fixed  assets,  intangible  assets  and  goodwill
related to this  entity was  approximately  $625,000.  We recorded a gain on the
sale of approximately $225,000 during the first quarter of fiscal 2004.

Our restaurant,  Ernie's,  located on the upper west side of Manhattan opened in
1982. As a result of a steady  decline in sales,  we felt that a new concept was
needed at this location. The restaurant was closed June 16, 2003 and reopened in
August 2003. Total conversion costs were  approximately  $350,000.  Sales at the
new restaurant,  La Rambla,  failed to reach the level sufficient to achieve the
results we required. As a result, we sold this restaurant on January 1, 2004 and
realized a gain on the sale of this restaurant of  approximately  $214,000.  Net
operating income of $5,000 was included in losses from  discontinued  operations
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

Our restaurant  Jack Rose located on the west side of Manhattan has  experienced
weak sales for several  years.  In  addition,  this  restaurant  did not fit our
desired profile of being in a landmark  destination  location.  As a result,  we
sold this  restaurant  on February 23,  2004.  We realized a loss on the sale of
this  restaurant  of $137,000  which was recorded  during the second  quarter of
fiscal  2004.  Net  operating  losses of $3,000  were  included  in losses  from
discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

Our  restaurant,  America,  located in New York City has  experienced  declining
sales for several  years.  In March 2004,  we entered  into a new lease for this
restaurant at a  significantly  increased  rent. We entered into this lease with
the belief that due to the  location and the  uniqueness  of the space the lease
had value. On January 19, 2005, we signed a definitive agreement for the sale of
this  restaurant  which closed on March 15, 2005.  We realized a pre-tax gain of
$644,000 on the sale of this  restaurant.  Net operating  losses of $12,000 were
included  in losses  from  discontinued  operations  for the  fiscal  year ended
September 30, 2006.

Our  bar/nightclub  facility  Venus,  located  at the  Venetian  Casino  Resort,
experienced a steady  decline in sales and we felt that a new concept was needed
at this location. During the first quarter of 2005, this

                                       10
<PAGE>

bar/nightclub  facility was closed for re-concepting and re-opened as "Vivid" on
February 4, 2005. Total conversion costs were approximately  $400,000.  Sales at
the new  bar/nightclub  facility  have failed to reach the level  sufficient  to
achieve  the  results  we  required  and we have  identified  a buyer  for  this
facility.  As of December 31, 2005, we classified the assets and  liabilities of
this  bar/nightclub  facility as "held for sale" in accordance with Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 144,  "Accounting  for the  Impairment  or
Disposal  of  Long-Lived  Assets"  ("SFAS No.  144")  based on the fact that the
facility has met the criteria  under SFAS No. 144.  Based on the initial  offers
made on this  facility,  we do not  anticipate a loss on the sale. Net operating
losses of $486,000 are included in losses from  discontinued  operations for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

Effective August 22, 2004, our lease for The Saloon at the Neonopolis  Center at
Fremont Street was converted into a management  agreement  whereby we received a
management  fee of $7,000 per month  regardless  of the results of operations of
this  restaurant.  In June 2006, the owner of the  Neonopolis  Center at Fremont
Street sold the  building to a new entity who, on June 25, 2006,  exercised  its
option to terminate the management  agreement upon thirty days written notice to
us.

On July 6, 2006, the landlord for the Vico's Burrito's fast food facility at the
Venetian Casino Resort, General Growth Properties, notified us that the landlord
was exercising an option granted to it pursuant to the lease for the facility to
terminate  the  lease  in  exchange  for the  landlord  providing  us  with  the
unamortized portion of the non-removable  improvements  located in the facility.
On August 10, 2006, we and our landlord for this facility  entered into a letter
agreement  pursuant  to which the  landlord  agreed to pay us  $200,000  for the
unamortized portion of the non-removable  improvements  located in the facility.
We  realized a pre-tax  loss of $70,000 on the closure of this  restaurant.  Net
operating income of $35,000 is included in losses from  discontinued  operations
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

As a result of the above  mentioned sales or closures,  we allocated  $75,000 of
goodwill  to these  restaurants  and  reduced  goodwill by this amount in fiscal
2005.

Effective December 1, 2006, our subsidiaries that lease each of Lutece,  Tsunami
and our Vivid location at The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada,
have entered  into an  agreement  to sell  Lutece,  Tsunami and a portion of the
Vivid location used by Lutece as a prep kitchen to Venetian  Casino Resort,  LLC
for an aggregate of  $14,000,000.  Our Lutece location closed as of the close of
business on December 3, 2006 and it is  contemplated  that our Tsunami  location
will close at the end of the calendar  year. We do not  anticipate a loss on the
sale of these restaurants.

Restaurant Management

Each  restaurant  is  managed  by its own  manager  and has its own  chef.  Food
products and other supplies are purchased  primarily  from various  unaffiliated
suppliers,  in most cases by our  headquarters'  personnel.  Our Columbus Bakery
supplies bakery products to most of our New York City restaurants in addition to
operating a retail  bakery.  Our Columbus  Bakery in Las Vegas  supplies  bakery
products  to most of our Las  Vegas  restaurants  in  addition  to  operating  a
wholesale bakery. Each of our restaurants has two or more assistant managers and
sous chefs (assistant chefs).  Financial and management control is maintained at
the  corporate  level  through  the  use  of  automated   systems  that  include
centralized accounting and reporting.

Purchasing and Distribution

We strive to obtain quality menu  ingredients,  raw materials and other supplies
and services for our operations  from reliable  sources at  competitive  prices.
Substantially all menu items are prepared on each

                                       11
<PAGE>

restaurant's  premises  daily  from  scratch,  using  fresh  ingredients.   Each
restaurant's  management determines the quantities of food and supplies required
and  orders the items from  local,  regional  and  national  suppliers  on terms
negotiated by our centralized purchasing staff. Restaurant-level inventories are
maintained  at a  minimum  dollar-value  level in  relation  to sales due to the
relatively  rapid turnover of the perishable  produce,  poultry,  meat, fish and
dairy commodities that are used in operations.

We attempt to negotiate  short-term and long-term supply agreements depending on
market  conditions  and expected  demand.  However,  we do not contract for long
periods of time for our fresh commodities such as produce,  poultry,  meat, fish
and dairy items and, consequently, such commodities can be subject to unforeseen
supply and cost fluctuations.  Independent foodservice distributors deliver most
food and supply items daily to restaurants.  The financial impact of such supply
agreements would not have a material adverse effect on our financial position.

Employees

At December 10, 2006, we employed 2,117 persons (including  employees at managed
facilities),  1,544 of whom were full-time employees, 573 of whom were part-time
employees, 30 of whom were headquarters  personnel,  214 of whom were restaurant
management personnel,  586 of whom were kitchen personnel and 1,287 of whom were
restaurant service  personnel.  A number of our restaurant service personnel are
employed on a  part-time  basis.  Changes in minimum  wage levels may affect our
labor costs and the restaurant  industry generally because a large percentage of
restaurant  personnel  are paid at or  slightly  above  the  minimum  wage.  Our
employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement.

Government Regulation

We are subject to various federal,  state and local laws affecting our business.
Each  restaurant  is  subject  to  licensing  and  regulation  by  a  number  of
governmental  authorities that may include alcoholic  beverage control,  health,
sanitation,  environmental,  zoning and public  safety  agencies in the state or
municipality  in which the restaurant is located.  Difficulties  in obtaining or
failures to obtain the required licenses or approvals could delay or prevent the
development and openings of new restaurants,  or could disrupt the operations of
existing restaurants.

Alcoholic beverage control  regulations require each of our restaurants to apply
to a state authority and, in certain locations, county and municipal authorities
for licenses and permits to sell alcoholic beverages on the premises. Typically,
licenses  must be renewed  annually and may be subject to  penalties,  temporary
suspension  or  revocation  for cause at any time.  Alcoholic  beverage  control
regulations  impact many  aspects of the daily  operations  of our  restaurants,
including  the minimum ages of patrons and  employees  consuming or serving such
beverages; employee alcoholic beverages training and certification requirements;
hours of operation;  advertising;  wholesale purchasing and inventory control of
such beverages;  seating of minors and the service of food within our bar areas;
and  the  storage  and  dispensing  of  alcoholic  beverages.  State  and  local
authorities in many  jurisdictions  routinely monitor  compliance with alcoholic
beverage  laws.  The failure to receive or retain,  or a delay in  obtaining,  a
liquor license for a particular restaurant could adversely affect our ability to
obtain such licenses in jurisdictions where the failure to receive or retain, or
a delay in obtaining, a liquor license occurred.

We are  subject to  "dram-shop"  statutes in most of the states in which we have
operations,  which generally  provide a person injured by an intoxicated  person
the right to  recover  damages  from an  establishment  that  wrongfully  served
alcoholic  beverages to such person. We carry liquor liability  coverage as part
of our existing  comprehensive  general  liability  insurance.  A settlement  or
judgment against us under a "dram-shop"  statute in excess of liability coverage
could have a material adverse effect on our operations.

                                       12
<PAGE>

Various federal and state labor laws govern our operations and our  relationship
with  employees,  including  such matters as minimum  wages,  breaks,  overtime,
fringe benefits, safety, working conditions and citizenship requirements. We are
also subject to the regulations of the Immigration  and  Naturalization  Service
(INS).   If  our  employees  do  not  meet  federal   citizenship  or  residency
requirements,  this could lead to a  disruption  in our work force.  Significant
government-imposed  increases  in minimum  wages,  paid  leaves of  absence  and
mandated  health  benefits,  or increased tax  reporting,  assessment or payment
requirements related to employees who receive gratuities could be detrimental to
our profitability.

Our  facilities  must comply with the applicable  requirements  of the Americans
With  Disabilities  Act of 1990  ("ADA") and  related  state  statutes.  The ADA
prohibits  discrimination  on the basis of  disability  with  respect  to public
accommodations  and  employment.  Under the ADA and  related  state  laws,  when
constructing new restaurants or undertaking  significant  remodeling of existing
restaurants, we must make them more readily accessible to disabled persons.

The New York State  Liquor  Authority  must approve any  transaction  in which a
shareholder  of the  licensee  increases  his  holdings  to 10% or  more  of the
outstanding  capital stock of the licensee and any transaction  involving 10% or
more of the outstanding capital stock of the licensee.

Seasonal Nature Of Business

Our  business  is highly  seasonal.  The  second  quarter  of our  fiscal  year,
consisting of the non-holiday portion of the cold weather season in New York and
Washington (January,  February and March), is the poorest performing quarter. We
achieve our best results during the warm weather,  attributable to our extensive
outdoor dining availability, particularly at BRYANT PARK in New York and SEQUOIA
in Washington,  D.C. (our largest  restaurants) and our outdoor cafes.  However,
even  during  summer  months  these  facilities  can be  adversely  affected  by
unusually  cool  or  rainy  weather  conditions.  Our  facilities  in Las  Vegas
generally operate on a more consistent basis through the year.

Terrorism and International Unrest

The terrorist  attacks on the World Trade Center in New York and the Pentagon in
Washington,  D.C. on  September  11, 2001 had a material  adverse  effect on our
revenues.  As a result of the attacks,  one of our restaurants,  THE GRILL ROOM,
located  at 2 World  Financial  Center,  which is  adjacent  to the World  Trade
Center,  experienced  some damage.  THE GRILL ROOM was closed from September 11,
2001 and reopened in early December 2002.

Our restaurants in New York, Las Vegas, Washington D.C. and Florida benefit from
tourist traffic. Though the Las Vegas market has shown resiliency,  the sluggish
economy  and the  lingering  effects of  September  11, 2001 have had an adverse
effect  on our  restaurants.  Recovery  depends  upon a general  improvement  in
economic  conditions  and the public's  willingness  and  inclination  to resume
vacation  and  convention  travel.  Additional  acts of  terrorism in the United
States or substantial international unrest may have a material adverse effect on
our business and revenues.

ITEM 1A.                RISK FACTORS.


The following are the most significant risk factors applicable to us:

                                       13
<PAGE>

                          RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS
                          -----------------------------

OUR  UNFAMILIARITY  WITH NEW  MARKETS  MAY  PRESENT  RISKS,  WHICH  COULD HAVE A
MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR FUTURE GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY.

Due to higher  operating  costs  caused by  temporary  inefficiencies  typically
associated with expanding into new regions and opening new restaurants,  such as
lack of market awareness and acceptance and limited  availability of experienced
staff, continued expansion may result in an increase in our operating costs. New
markets  may  have  different  competitive   conditions,   consumer  tastes  and
discretionary  spending patterns than our existing markets,  which may cause our
restaurants in these new markets to be less  successful  than our restaurants in
our existing markets.  We cannot assure you that restaurants in new markets will
be successful.

Our  ability  to open new  restaurants  efficiently  is  subject  to a number of
factors beyond our control, including:

     --  Selection and availability of suitable restaurant sites;

     --  Negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for such sites;

     --  Negotiation   of   reasonable   construction   contracts  and  adequate
         supervision of construction;

     --  Our ability to secure required  governmental  permits and approvals for
         both construction and operation;

     --  Availability of adequate capital;

     --  General economic conditions; and

     --  Adverse weather conditions.

We may not be successful  in addressing  these  factors,  which could  adversely
affect our ability to open new  restaurants on a timely basis, or at all. Delays
in opening or failures to open new restaurants could cause our business, results
of operations and financial condition to suffer.

TERRORISM AND WAR MAY HAVE MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.

Terrorist attacks, such as the attacks that occurred in New York and Washington,
D.C.  on  September  11,  2001,  and other acts of violence or war in the United
States or abroad,  such as the war in Iraq,  may affect the  markets in which we
operate and our business,  results of operations and financial  conditions.  The
potential  near-term and long-term effects these events may have on our business
operations,  our  customers,  the markets in which we operate and the economy is
uncertain.  Because the  consequences  of any  terrorist  attacks,  or any armed
conflicts,  are  unpredictable,  we may not be able to foresee events that could
have an adverse effect on our markets or our business.

OUR  PROFITABILITY  IS DEPENDENT IN LARGE  MEASURE ON FOOD,  BEVERAGE AND SUPPLY
COSTS WHICH ARE NOT WITHIN OUR CONTROL.

Our profitability is dependent in large measure on our ability to anticipate and
react to changes in food, beverage and supply costs.  Various factors beyond our
control, including climatic changes and government regulations,  may affect food
and beverage costs. Specifically,  our dependence on frequent, timely deliveries
of fresh beef, poultry, seafood and produce subjects us to the risks of possible
shortages  or  interruptions  in  supply  caused  by  adverse  weather  or other
conditions,  which could adversely  affect the availability and cost of any such
items.  We  cannot  assure  you that we will be able to  anticipate  or react to
increasing  food and supply  costs in the future.  The failure to react to these
increases  could  materially  and  adversely  affect  our  business,  results of
operations and financial condition.

THE  RESTAURANT  INDUSTRY IS AFFECTED  BY CHANGES IN  CONSUMER  PREFERENCES  AND
DISCRETIONARY  SPENDING  PATTERNS  THAT  COULD  RESULT  IN A  REDUCTION  IN  OUR
REVENUES.

                                       14
<PAGE>

Consumer  preferences could be affected by health concerns or by specific events
such as the outbreak of or scare caused by "mad cow disease",  the popularity of
the Atkins diet and the South  Beach diet and  changes in consumer  preferences,
such as "carb  consciousness".  If we were to have to  modify  our  restaurants'
menus,  we may lose  customers who would be less satisfied with a modified menu,
and we may not be able to attract a new customer  base to generate the necessary
revenues to  maintain  our income from  restaurant  operations.  A change in our
menus may also result in us having different competitors.  We may not be able to
successfully  compete against established  competitors in the general restaurant
market.  Our success also  depends on various  factors  affecting  discretionary
consumer spending,  including economic  conditions,  disposable consumer income,
consumer confidence and the United States  participation in military activities.
Adverse  changes in these  factors  could reduce our customer  base and spending
patterns, either of which could reduce our revenues and results of operations.

OUR  GEOGRAPHIC  CONCENTRATIONS  COULD  HAVE A  MATERIAL  ADVERSE  EFFECT ON OUR
BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

We currently operate in six regions, New York City, Washington, D.C., Las Vegas,
Nevada,  Tampa and  Hollywood,  Florida,  Atlantic City, New Jersey and Ledyard,
Connecticut,  and  our  Las  Vegas,  Florida,  Atlantic  City,  and  Connecticut
operations  are all located in  casinos.  We also expect to take over the Durgin
Park  location  in Boston,  Massachusetts  in the second  quarter of 2007.  As a
result,  we  are  particularly   susceptible  to  adverse  trends  and  economic
conditions in these markets,  including its labor market,  and the casino market
in general,  which could have a negative impact on our profitability as a whole.
In addition,  given our geographic  concentration,  negative publicity regarding
any of our  restaurants  could have a material  adverse  effect on our business,
results  of  operations  and  financial  condition,   as  could  other  regional
occurrences  such as acts of  terrorism,  local  strikes,  natural  disasters or
changes in laws or regulations.

OUR OPERATING  RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE  SIGNIFICANTLY DUE TO SEASONALITY AND OTHER
FACTORS BEYOND OUR CONTROL.

Our  business  is  subject  to  seasonal  fluctuations,  which may vary  greatly
depending upon the region of the United States in which a particular  restaurant
is located.  In addition to  seasonality,  our  quarterly  and annual  operating
results and comparable unit sales may fluctuate  significantly  as a result of a
variety of factors, including:

     --  The amount of sales contributed by new and existing restaurants;

     --  The timing of new openings;

     --  Increases in the cost of key food or beverage products;

     --  Labor costs for our personnel;

     --  Our  ability to achieve  and sustain  profitability  on a quarterly  or
         annual basis;

     --  Adverse weather;

     --  Consumer confidence and changes in consumer preferences;

     --  Health concerns,  including adverse publicity  concerning  food-related
         illness;

     --  The level of competition from existing or new competitors;

     --  Economic conditions generally and in each of the market in which we are
         located; and

     --  Acceptance  of a new or modified  concept in each of the new markets in
         which we could be located.

                                       15
<PAGE>

These  fluctuations  make it difficult for us to predict and address in a timely
manner  factors  that may have a  negative  impact on our  business,  results of
operations and financial condition.

ANY  EXPANSION  MAY  STRAIN OUR  INFRASTRUCTURE,  WHICH  COULD  SLOW  RESTAURANT
DEVELOPMENT.

Any expansion may place a strain on our management systems,  financial controls,
and information systems. To manage growth effectively, we must maintain the high
level of quality and service at our  existing  and future  restaurants.  We must
also continue to enhance our operational,  information, financial and management
systems and locate,  hire,  train and retain qualified  personnel,  particularly
restaurant  managers.  We cannot predict whether we will be able to respond on a
timely basis to all of the changing  demands that any  expansion  will impose on
management  and those  systems and controls.  If we are not able to  effectively
manage any one or more of these or other  aspects of  expansion,  our  business,
results of operations  and  financial  condition  could be materially  adversely
affected.

WE COULD FACE LABOR  SHORTAGES,  INCREASED LABOR COSTS AND OTHER ADVERSE EFFECTS
OF VARYING LABOR CONDITIONS.

The  development and success of our  restaurants  depend,  in large part, on the
efforts, abilities, experience and reputations of the general managers and chefs
at such restaurants.  In addition,  our success depends in part upon our ability
to attract,  motivate  and retain a sufficient  number of  qualified  employees,
including  restaurant  managers,   kitchen  staff  and  wait  staff.   Qualified
individuals needed to fill these positions are in short supply and the inability
to recruit and retain  such  individuals  may delay the planned  openings of new
restaurants  or result in high  employee  turnover  in existing  restaurants.  A
significant  delay in finding  qualified  employees or high turnover of existing
employees  could  materially  and  adversely  affect  our  business,  results of
operations and financial  condition.  Also,  competition for qualified employees
could require us to pay higher wages to attract sufficient  qualified employees,
which could result in higher, labor costs. In addition, increases in the minimum
hourly wage, employment tax rates and levies,  related benefits costs, including
health insurance, and similar matters over which we have no control may increase
our operating costs.

UNANTICIPATED  COSTS OR  DELAYS IN THE  DEVELOPMENT  OR  CONSTRUCTION  OF FUTURE
RESTAURANTS  COULD  PREVENT  OUR  TIMELY  AND  COST-EFFECTIVE   OPENING  OF  NEW
RESTAURANTS.

We  depend  on  contractors   and  real  estate   developers  to  construct  our
restaurants. Many factors may adversely affect the cost and time associated with
the development and construction of our restaurants, including:

     --  Labor disputes;

     --  Shortages of materials or skilled labor;

     --  Adverse weather conditions;

     --  Unforeseen engineering problems;

     --  Environmental problems;

     --  Construction or zoning problems;

     --  Local government regulations;

     --  Modifications in design; and

     --  Other unanticipated increases in costs.

Any of these  factors  could  give rise to delays  or cost  overruns,  which may
prevent us from developing additional restaurants within our anticipated budgets
or time periods or at all. Any such failure could cause our business, results of
operations and financial condition to suffer.

                                       16
<PAGE>

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN AND  MAINTAIN  NECESSARY  FEDERAL,  STATE AND LOCAL
PERMITS WHICH COULD DELAY OR PREVENT THE OPENING OF FUTURE RESTAURANTS.

Our  business  is  subject  to  extensive  federal,  state and local  government
regulations, including regulations relating to:

     --  Alcoholic beverage control;

     --  The purchase, preparation and sale of food;

     --  Public health and safety;

     --  Sanitation, building, zoning and fire codes; and

     --  Employment and related tax matters.

All of these  regulations  impact not only our current  operations  but also our
ability  to open  future  restaurants.  We  will  be  required  to  comply  with
applicable  state and local  regulations  in new locations into which we expand.
Any difficulties, delays or failures in obtaining licenses, permits or approvals
in such new  locations  could delay or prevent the opening of a restaurant  in a
particular area or reduce  operations at an existing  location,  either of which
would  materially and adversely  affect our business,  results of operations and
financial condition.

THE RESTAURANT INDUSTRY IS AFFECTED BY LITIGATION AND PUBLICITY  CONCERNING FOOD
QUALITY,  HEALTH  AND  OTHER  ISSUES,  WHICH  CAN  CAUSE  GUESTS  TO  AVOID  OUR
RESTAURANTS AND RESULT IN LIABILITIES.

Health concerns,  including adverse publicity concerning  food-related  illness,
although  not  specifically  related to our  restaurants,  could cause guests to
avoid our  restaurants,  which would have a negative impact on our sales. We may
also  be  the  subject  of  complaints  or  litigation   from  guests   alleging
food-related  illness,  injuries suffered on the premises or other food quality,
health or  operational  concerns.  A lawsuit or claim could result in an adverse
decision  against us that could have a material  adverse  effect on our business
and  results  of  operations.  We may  also  be  subject  to  litigation  which,
regardless of the outcome, could result in adverse publicity.  Adverse publicity
resulting  from such  allegations  may  materially  adversely  affect us and our
restaurants,  regardless of whether such  allegations are true or whether we are
ultimately held liable. Such litigation, adverse publicity or damages could have
a material  adverse effect on our  competitive  position,  business,  results of
operations and financial condition and results of operations.

MANY OF OUR  OPERATIONS  ARE LOCATED IN CASINOS AND MUCH OF OUR SUCCESS  WILL BE
DEPENDENT ON THE SUCCESS OF THOSE CASINOS.

The success of the  business of our  restaurants  located in Las Vegas,  Nevada,
Atlantic  City,  New  Jersey,   Tampa  and  Hollywood,   Florida,  and  Ledyard,
Connecticut  will be  substantially  dependent  on the success of the casinos in
which  the  company  operates  in  these  locations  to  attract  customers  for
themselves and for our restaurants.  The successful  operation of the casinos in
these locations is subject to various risks and uncertainties including:

         --       The risk associated with governmental approvals of gaming;

         --       The risk of a change in laws regulating gaming operations;

         --       Operating in a limited market;

         --       Competitive risks relating to casino operations; and

                                       17
<PAGE>

         --       Risks of terrorism and war.


                        RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK
                        ---------------------------------

THE FACT THAT A RELATIVELY  SMALL NUMBER OF INVESTORS  HOLD OUR PUBLICLY  TRADED
COMMON STOCK COULD CAUSE OUR STOCK PRICE TO FLUCTUATE.

The market price of our common stock could fluctuate as a result of sales by our
existing  stockholders  of a large  number of shares of our common  stock in the
market or the  perception  that such sales could occur. A large number of shares
of our common stock is concentrated in the hands of a small number of individual
and institutional  investors and is thinly traded. An attempt to sell by a large
holder could adversely affect the price of our stock.

OWNERSHIP  OF  APPROXIMATELY  66% OF OUR  OUTSTANDING  COMMON  STOCK  BY  TWELVE
STOCKHOLDERS WILL LIMIT YOUR ABILITY TO INFLUENCE CORPORATE MATTERS.

A  substantial  majority  of our  capital  stock is held by a limited  number of
stockholders.  Twelve  stockholders,  including  our officers and  directors and
parties  affiliated with or related to such persons or to us, own  approximately
66% of the shares of common stock  outstanding.  Accordingly,  such stockholders
will likely have a strong influence on major decisions of corporate policy,  and
the  outcome  of  any  major  transaction  or  other  matters  submitted  to our
stockholders or board of directors, including potential mergers or acquisitions,
and  amendments  to our  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation.
Stockholders  other than these principal  stockholders  are therefore  likely to
have little influence on decisions regarding such matters.

THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY.

The price at which our common stock will trade may fluctuate significantly.  The
stock  market  has from time to time  experienced  significant  price and volume
fluctuations.  The  trading  price of our common  stock could be subject to wide
fluctuations in response to a number of factors, including:

     --  Fluctuations in quarterly or annual results of operations;

     --  Changes in  published  earnings  estimates  by analysts and whether our
         actual earnings meet or exceed such estimates;

     --  Additions or departures of key personnel; and

     --  Changes in overall stock market conditions,  including the stock prices
         of other restaurant companies.

In the past,  companies that have experienced extreme fluctuations in the market
price  of  their  stock  have  been  the  subject  of  securities  class  action
litigation.  If we were to be subject  to such  litigation,  it could  result in
substantial  costs and a diversion of our management's  attention and resources,
which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
and financial condition.

ITEM 1B.               UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

Not applicable.

ITEM 2.           PROPERTIES

Our restaurant  facilities and our executive  offices are occupied under leases.
Most of our  restaurant  leases  provide for the payment of base rents plus real
estate taxes,  insurance and other expenses and, in certain  instances,  for the
payment of a percentage of our sales at such facility. As of September 30, 2006,

                                       18
<PAGE>

these leases  (including  leases for managed  restaurants) have terms (including
any available renewal options) expiring as follows:

                Years Lease                    Number of
               Terms Expire                    Facilities
               ------------                    ----------

                2006-2010                          7
                2011-2015                          8
                2016-2020                         11
                2021-2025                          1
                2026-2030                          4

Our executive,  administrative and clerical offices are located in approximately
8,500 square feet of office space at 85 Fifth Avenue,  New York,  New York.  Our
lease for this office space expires in 2015.

Our lease for office space related to our Washington,  D.C. catering  operations
expires in 2012.

For  information   concerning  our  future  minimum  rental   commitments  under
non-cancelable  operating  leases,  see  Note  7 of the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

See also "Item 1. Business - Overview" for a list of restaurant properties.

ITEM 3.           LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In the  ordinary  course of its  business,  we are a party to  various  lawsuits
arising from  accidents at our  restaurants  and workers'  compensation  claims,
which are generally handled by our insurance carriers.

Our employment of management personnel, waiters, waitresses and kitchen staff at
a number of different restaurants has resulted in the institution,  from time to
time, of litigation alleging violation by us of employment  discrimination laws.
We do not believe that any of such suits will have a materially  adverse  effect
upon us, our financial condition or operations.

ITEM 4.           SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

Not applicable.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The following table sets forth the names and ages of our executive  officers and
all offices held by each person:

                                       19
<PAGE>

         Name                       Age        Positions and Offices
         ----                       ---        ---------------------

         Michael Weinstein          63         Chairman, President and Chief
                                               Executive Officer
         Vincent Pascal             63         Senior Vice President
         Robert Towers              59         Executive Vice President, Chief
                                               Operating Officer and Treasurer
         Paul Gordon                55         Senior Vice President
         Robert Stewart             50         Chief Financial Officer

Each of our executive  officers serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors
and until his successor is duly elected and qualifies.

Michael  Weinstein has been our President and a director  since our inception in
January  1983.  During the past five years,  Mr.  Weinstein has been an officer,
director and 25%  shareholder  of Easy Diners,  Inc.,  RSWB Corp. and BSWR Corp.
(since 1998). Mr.  Weinstein is the owner of 24% of the membership  interests in
each  of  Dockeast,  LLC  and  Dockwest,   LLC.  These  companies  operate  four
restaurants  in New  York  City,  and  none  of  these  companies  is a  parent,
subsidiary or other affiliate of us. Mr. Weinstein spends  substantially  all of
his business time on Company-related matters.

Vincent  Pascal  was  elected  our Vice  President,  Assistant  Secretary  and a
director in October 1985. Mr. Pascal became a Senior Vice President in 2001.

Robert Towers has been  employed by us since  November 1983 and was elected Vice
President,  Treasurer  and a  director  in March  1987.  Mr.  Towers  became  an
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in 2001.

Paul Gordon has been  employed by us since 1983 and was elected as a director in
November 1996 and a Senior Vice  President in 2001. Mr. Gordon is the manager of
our Las Vegas  operations.  Prior to assuming that role in 1996,  Mr. Gordon was
the manager of our operations in Washington, D.C. since 1989.

Robert  Stewart has been  employed  by us since June 2002 and was elected  Chief
Financial  Officer  effective as of June 24, 2002.  For the three years prior to
joining  us, Mr.  Stewart  was a Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Executive  Vice
President at Fortis Capital  Holdings.  For eleven years prior to joining Fortis
Capital  Holdings,  Mr.  Stewart held senior  financial  and audit  positions in
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken in their New York, London and Stockholm offices.

                                       20
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.           Market For Our Common Equity and
                  Related Stockholder Matters
                  ---------------------------

Market Information

Our Common Stock,  $.01 par value, is traded in the  over-the-counter  market on
the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "ARKR." The high and low sale prices
for our Common Stock from  September 27, 2003 through  September 30, 2005 are as
follows:


         Calendar 2004               High                   Low
         -------------               ----                   ---

         Fourth Quarter              $ 39.22               $ 27.07

         Calendar 2005
         -------------

         First Quarter                 41.88                 29.61
         Second Quarter                32.80                 25.52
         Third Quarter                 34.59                 27.26
         Fourth Quarter                31.23                 26.70

         Calendar 2006
         -------------

         First Quarter                 30.50                 27.00
         Second Quarter                30.50                 27.11
         Third Quarter                 28.57                 23.09


A  quarterly  cash  dividend  in the amount of $0.35 per share was  declared  on
October 12, 2004.  Subsequent to October 12, 2004,  quarterly  cash dividends in
the amount of $0.35 per share were declared on January 12, April 12, July 12 and
October  11, 2005 and on January  12,  April 12,  July 12,  October 10, 2006 and
December 20,  2006.  In  addition,  we declared a special  cash  dividend in the
amount of $3.00 per share on December 20, 2006.  Prior to this,  we had not paid
any cash  dividends  since our  inception.  We intend  to  continue  to pay such
quarterly  cash dividend for the  foreseeable  future,  however,  the payment of
future  dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and is based on
future earnings, cash flow, financial condition,  capital requirements,  changes
in U.S. taxation and other relevant factors.

On August 22, 2006, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program
under which up to four  million  dollars of our common  stock may be acquired in
the open market  over the twelve  months  following  such  authorization  at our
discretion.

The  shares  may be  purchased  from time to time at  prevailing  market  prices
through open market or unsolicited negotiated transactions,  depending on market
conditions.  Under the program,  the purchases  are to be funded from  available
working capital, and the repurchased shares will be held in treasury or used for
ongoing stock issuances.  At September 30, 2006, no shares had been purchased by
us under the  program.  There is no  guarantee  as to the exact number of shares
which we will repurchase, and we may discontinue the program at any time.

                                       21
<PAGE>

As of December  14, 2006,  there were 40 holders of record of our Common  Stock,
$.01 par value.  This does not include  the number of persons  whose stock is in
nominee or "street name" accounts through brokers.


                                       22
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.           SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

The following table sets forth certain financial data for the fiscal years ended
in 2002 through 2006.  During fiscal year 2004, we sold three of our restaurants
and  closed  one  restaurant.  During  fiscal  year  2005,  we  sold  one of our
restaurants which was considered held for sale in accordance with FAS 144 during
part of fiscal year 2004 and part of fiscal year 2005.  During fiscal year 2006,
we classified one of our restaurants as held for sale in accordance with FAS 144
and  closed  one  restaurant.  The  operations  of these  restaurants  have been
presented as  discontinued  operations for the 2004, 2005 and 2006 fiscal years,
and we have  reclassified  its  statements  of  operations  data for all periods
presented,  in  accordance  with FAS 144.  This  information  should  be read in
conjunction  with our  Consolidated  Financial  Statements and the notes thereto
beginning at page F-1.

                                       23
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        YEARS ENDED
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           SEPTEMBER 30,    OCTOBER 1,    OCTOBER 2,   SEPTEMBER 27,   SEPTEMBER 28,
                                               2006           2005          2004           2003            2002
                                               ----           ----          ----           ----            ----
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                         <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
OPERATING DATA:
 Total revenues                             $ 115,969      $ 113,237      $ 112,271      $  99,153      $  99,709

 Cost and expenses                           (108,253)      (104,127)      (102,824)       (94,069)       (92,663)

 Operating income                               7,716          9,110          9,447          5,084          7,046

 Other (income) expense, net                     (795)          (748)          (542)          (404)           611



 Income from continuing operations
  before provision for income taxes             8,511          9,858          9,989          5,488          7,657

 Provision for income taxes                     2,824          3,048          2,757          1,325          1,617

 Income from continuing operations              5,687          6,810          7,232          4,163          6,040

 Loss from discontinued
  operations before benefit for
  income taxes                                   (699)          (334)          (794)        (1,113)          (787)

Benefit for income taxes                         (232)          (103)          (219)          (269)          (198)

Loss from discontinued operations                (467)          (231)          (575)          (844)          (589)

NET INCOME                                      5,220          6,579          6,657          3,319          5,451

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE:

Continuing operations basic                 $    1.64      $    1.98      $    2.19      $    1.31      $    1.52
Discontinued operations basic               $   (0.14)     $   (0.06)     $   (0.18)     $   (0.27)     $   (0.19)
                                            ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------
  Net basic                                 $    1.50      $    1.92      $    2.01      $    1.04      $    1.33

Continuing operations diluted               $    1.60      $    1.92      $    2.10      $    1.30      $    1.50
Discontinued operations diluted             $   (0.13)     $   (0.07)     $   (0.17)     $   (0.27)     $   (0.18)
                                            ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------
  Net diluted                               $    1.47      $    1.85      $    1.93      $    1.03      $    1.32

 Weighted average number of shares

 Basic                                          3,472          3,436          3,305          3,181          3,181
 Diluted                                        3,548          3,555          3,444          3,213          3,206

BALANCE SHEET DATA
 (end of period):

 Total assets                               $  52,120      $  47,435      $  44,894      $  43,635      $  47,960
 Working capital (deficit)                      8,398          3,399          1,893         (4,802)        (7,990)
 Long-term debt                                                   --             --          7,226          9,547
 Shareholders' equity                          39,753         37,413         34,200         24,826         21,446
 Shareholders' equity per share                 11.45          10.89          10.35           7.80           6.74


 Facilities in operation--end of year,
 Owned                                             43             44             45             40             40
 Managed                                            5              4              3              1              1
</TABLE>



                                       24
<PAGE>



ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Accounting period

Our fiscal year ends on the  Saturday  nearest  September  30. We report  fiscal
years under a 52/53-week format. This reporting method is used by many companies
in the hospitality industry and is meant to improve year-to-year  comparisons of
operating results.  Under this method,  certain years will contain 53 weeks. The
fiscal year ended October 1, 2005 and September 30, 2006 each included 52 weeks.
The fiscal year ended October 2, 2004 included 53 weeks.

Overview

We have  reclassified  our  statements of operations  data for the prior periods
presented below, in accordance with FAS 144, as a result of the sale of three of
our restaurants  and the closure of one restaurant  during the fiscal year ended
October 2, 2004,  the sale of another  restaurant  during the fiscal  year ended
October 1, 2005 and the  classification  of another  restaurant as held for sale
and the closure of one  restaurant  during the fiscal year ended  September  30,
2006. The operations of these  restaurants  have been presented as  discontinued
operations  for the fiscal  years  ended  October  2, 2004,  October 1, 2005 and
September 30, 2006. See "Item 1 -Recent  Restaurant  Dispositions  and Charges",
"Item 7 - Recent Restaurant  Dispositions" and Note 2 of Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

Revenues

Total  revenues  increased by 2.4% from fiscal 2005 to fiscal 2006 and increased
by 0.9% from fiscal 2004 to fiscal  2005.  Revenues for fiscal 2006 were reduced
by  $1,159,000  and  revenues for fiscal 2005 were  reduced by  $4,010,000  as a
result of the sale of one facility,  the classification of one facility as "held
for  sale",  the  closure  of  one  facility  and  their   reclassification   to
discontinued operations.

Same store sales  increased  0.2%,  or $244,000,  on a  Company-wide  basis from
fiscal 2005 to fiscal 2006.  Same store sales in Las Vegas decreased by $63,000,
or 0.1%, in fiscal 2006 compared to fiscal 2005  generally  because of less than
expected  business at the Venetian Casino Resort. We sold our Tsunami and Lutece
locations at the Venetian Casino Resort  effective  December 1, 2006. Same store
sales in New York increased $1,862,000,  or 5.8%, during fiscal 2006. Same store
sales in Washington D.C.  decreased by $1,364,000,  or 7.6%, during fiscal 2006.
The  increase  in New York  was  principally  due to a  general  improvement  in
economic  conditions  and the public's  willingness  and  inclination  to resume
vacation and convention  travel. The decrease in Washington D.C. was principally
due to poor weather.

During the fourth  quarter of 2002 we abandoned  our  restaurant  and food court
operations at the Desert  Passage,  the retail  complex at the Aladdin  Resort &
Casino in Las Vegas.  From fiscal 2002 to fiscal  2001 sales  decreased  at this
location from $4,999,000 to $2,853,000,  or 42.9%,  resulting in our decision to
abandon these operations.

Of the  $5,219,000  decrease  in  revenues  from  fiscal  2001 to  fiscal  2002,
$3,282,000 is attributable to the year long closure of the GRILL ROOM restaurant
located in 2 World Financial  Center,  an office building  adjacent to the World
Trade Center site.  This restaurant was damaged in the September 11, 2001 attack
and reopened in early fiscal 2003. A $256,000  increase in sales is attributable
to the opening of the SALOON at the Neonopolis Center in downtown Las Vegas.

                                       25
<PAGE>

Other  operating  income,  which  consists of the sale of merchandise at various
restaurants,  management  fee income and door  sales were  $2,423,000  in fiscal
2006, $1,826,000 in fiscal 2005 and $742,000 in fiscal 2004.

Costs and Expenses

Food and beverage  cost of sales as a percentage  of total  revenue was 25.3% in
fiscal 2006, 25.2% in fiscal 2005 and 25.8% in fiscal 2004.

Total costs and expenses  increased by $4,126,000,  or 4.0%, from fiscal 2005 to
fiscal 2006  primarily  due to an  increase in the minimum  wage in New York and
Washington,  D.C., a $748,000  expense related to our  share-based  compensation
plan and increased occupancy costs.

Total costs and expenses  increased by $1,303,000,  or 1.3%, from fiscal 2004 to
fiscal 2005. The increase in the minimum wage in New York and Washington,  D.C.,
the cost of compliance with the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act and increased  energy costs
contributed to this increase.  Other operating costs and expenses also increased
in fiscal  2004 due to an  increase  in total  revenue  and a one time charge of
$270,000 used to pay for casino  entertainment tax liability.  We had previously
thought that certain of our  operations at the VENETIAN HOTEL RESORT CASINO were
exempt from casino  entertainment  tax due to the fact that such operations were
not on the casino floor. As subsequent tax ruling by tax authorities  determined
that such operations were subject to casino  entertainment tax and we determined
to include such charge in other operating costs and expenses.

Payroll  expenses as a  percentage  of total  revenues  was 32.3% in fiscal 2006
compared to 31.4% in fiscal 2005 and 31.5% in fiscal 2004.  Payroll  expense was
$37,418,000,  $35,550,000  and  $35,363,000  in  fiscal  2006,  2005  and  2004,
respectively.  In fiscal 2003, we had aggressively adapted our cost structure in
response  to lower  sales  expectations  following  September  11th.  Due to the
increase in sales during  fiscal 2004,  we had  increased  our payroll  expenses
incrementally.  In fiscal 2005 and 2006, the increase of the minimum wage in New
York and  Washington,  D.C.  resulted  in an increase  in payroll  expenses.  We
continually evaluate our payroll expenses as they relate to sales.

We typically incur significant  pre-opening  expenses in connection with our new
restaurants that are expensed as incurred.  Furthermore, it is not uncommon that
such  restaurants  experience  operating  losses  during  the  early  months  of
operation.

In fiscal  2006,  we  established  operations  in Atlantic  City,  New Jersey by
opening a bar, LUNA LOUNGE, and a separate restaurant, a GALLAGHER'S STEAKHOUSE,
in the  Resorts  Atlantic  City Hotel and  Casino.  We  experienced  $447,000 in
pre-opening  and early  operating  losses at these  facilities  in fiscal  2006.
Further  during fiscal 2006, we  established  operations at the Foxwoods  Resort
Casino in Ledyard,  Connecticut by opening a restaurant,  THE FIFTH STREET CAFE,
in its newly  expanded  poker room in March 2006 and a  fast-casual  restaurant,
LUCKY SEVEN, in the Bingo Hall in May 2006. All pre-opening  expenses were borne
by outside investors who invested in a limited liability company  established to
develop, construct, operate and manage these facilities. We did not open any new
restaurants and no pre-opening expenses and early operating losses were incurred
during fiscal 2005 and 2004.

General and administrative expenses, as a percentage of total revenue, were 6.2%
in fiscal  2006,  6.5% in fiscal 2005 and 5.8% in fiscal  2004.  The decrease in
these  expenses as a percentage of total revenue during fiscal 2004 is primarily
due to increased total revenue during this period.

                                       26
<PAGE>

During the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2006, we managed two  restaurants we
did not own (THE  SALOON  and EL RIO  GRANDE)  and also  managed  our  Tampa and
Hollywood Florida food court operations and our Foxwoods operations.  We managed
two  restaurants  we did not own (THE SALOON and EL RIO GRANDE) and also managed
the Tampa and  Hollywood  Florida food court  operations  at October 1, 2005. We
managed two restaurants we did not own (THE SALOON and EL RIO GRANDE) at October
2, 2004. Sales of EL RIO GRANDE,  which are not included in consolidated  sales,
were  $3,519,000  in fiscal 2006,  $3,345,000  in fiscal 2005 and  $2,786,000 in
fiscal 2004. Our lease of THE SALOON was converted  into a management  agreement
effective as of August 22, 2004,  whereby we received a management fee of $7,000
per month  regardless  of the results of  operations  of this  restaurant.  This
restaurant  closed effective July 25, 2006.  During fiscal 2004, we entered into
agreements to manage 11 fast food  restaurants  located in the Hard Rock Casinos
in Hollywood and Tampa, Florida. Sales from these operations totaled $10,469,000
during the 2006 fiscal year and $8,843,000  during the 2005 fiscal year.  During
fiscal 2006, we established operations at the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard,
Connecticut  by  managing a  restaurant,  THE FIFTH  STREET  CAFE,  in its newly
expanded poker room in March 2006 and a fast-casual restaurant,  LUCKY SEVEN, in
the Bingo  Hall in May 2006.  Sales  from these  operations  totaled  $2,389,000
during the 2006 fiscal year.

Interest expense was $8,000 in fiscal 2006,  $25,000 in fiscal 2005 and $190,000
in fiscal  2004.  The  significant  decreases in interest  expense  during these
periods was due to lower  outstanding  borrowings on our credit facility and the
benefit from rate  decreases in the  prime-borrowing  rate.  As of September 30,
2006, we had no borrowings on its credit  facility.  Interest income was $90,000
in fiscal 2006, $101,000 in fiscal 2005 and $138,000 in fiscal 2004.

Other income,  which  generally  consists of  purchasing  service fees and other
income at various  restaurants,  was $713,000,  $672,000 and $594,000 for fiscal
2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes  reflects  Federal  income taxes  calculated on a
consolidated  basis and state and local income taxes calculated by each New York
subsidiary on a non-consolidated basis. Most of the restaurants we own or manage
are owned or managed by a separate subsidiary.

For state and local income tax purposes, the losses incurred by a subsidiary may
only be used to offset  that  subsidiary's  income,  with the  exception  of the
restaurants  operating  in the District of  Columbia.  Accordingly,  our overall
effective  tax rate has  varied  depending  on the level of losses  incurred  at
individual subsidiaries. During fiscal 2002 we abandoned our restaurant and food
court operations at the Desert Passage, the retail complex at the Aladdin Resort
& Casino in Las Vegas.  In fiscal 2002, we were able to utilize the deferred tax
asset created in fiscal 2001 by the impairment of these  operations.  During the
years ended  October 2, 2004 and October 1, 2005, we decreased its allowance for
the utilization of the deferred tax asset arising from state and local operating
loss carryforwards by $395,000 and $125,000 in such years based on the merger of
certain unprofitable subsidiaries into profitable ones.

Our overall effective tax rate in the future will be affected by factors such as
the  level of  losses  incurred  at our New York  facilities,  which  cannot  be
consolidated for state and local tax purposes,  pre-tax income earned outside of
New York City and the  utilization  of state and local net operating  loss carry
forwards.  Nevada has no state  income tax and other  states in which we operate
have income tax rates substantially lower in comparison to New York. In order to
utilize  more  effectively  tax loss carry  forwards  at  restaurants  that were
unprofitable,  we have merged certain profitable  subsidiaries with certain loss
subsidiaries.

                                       27
<PAGE>

The Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 provides tax credits to us for FICA taxes
paid on tip income of restaurant  service  personnel.  The net benefit to us was
$733,000 in fiscal 2006, $779,000 in fiscal 2005 and $591,000 in fiscal 2004.

The  settlement  did not have a material  effect on our  consolidated  financial
statements.  During fiscal 2006, we and the Internal  Revenue Service  finalized
the  adjustments to our Federal income tax returns for fiscal years 1999 through
2004.  This  settlement  did not  have a  material  effect  on our  consolidated
financial statements.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our primary  source of capital has been cash  provided by  operations  and funds
available from our main bank,  Bank Leumi USA. We have,  from time to time, also
utilized equipment financing in connection with the construction of a restaurant
and seller  financing in connection  with the  acquisition  of a restaurant.  We
utilize  capital  primarily  to fund  the cost of  developing  and  opening  new
restaurants,  acquiring  existing  restaurants  owned by others  and  remodeling
existing restaurants we own.

The net cash used in  investing  activities  in fiscal  2006 of  $4,934,000  was
primarily used for the replacement of fixed assets at existing restaurants,  the
construction  of a  restaurant  and bar in  Atlantic  City,  New  Jersey and the
construction of a to be named Mexican  restaurant at the to be developed  Planet
Hollywood Resort and Casino (formerly known as the Aladdin Resort and Casino) in
Las Vegas,  Nevada. The net cash used in investing  activities in fiscal 2005 of
$4,236,000  was primarily  used for the  replacement of fixed assets at existing
restaurants  and the  construction of a restaurant and bar in Atlantic City, New
Jersey.  The net cash used in investing  activities in fiscal 2004 of $1,336,000
was used for the replacement of fixed assets at existing restaurants.

The net cash used in  financing  activities  in fiscal  2006 of  $3,628,000  and
fiscal 2005 of $4,397,000 was principally used for the payment of dividends. The
net  cash  used  in  financing  activities  in  fiscal  2004 of  $5,106,000  was
principally  due to repayments of long-term debt on our main credit  facility in
excess of borrowings on such facility.

We had a working capital surplus of $8,398,000 at September 30, 2006 as compared
to a working capital surplus of $3,399,000 at October 1, 2005.

Our Revolving  Credit and Term Loan Facility (the "Facility") with our main bank
(Bank  Leumi  USA),  which  included a  $8,500,000  credit  line to finance  the
development and construction of new restaurants and for working capital purposes
at our existing restaurants, matured on March 12, 2005. We do not currently plan
to enter into another credit facility and expect required cash to be provided by
operations.

We entered into a sale and leaseback agreement with GE Capital for $1,652,000 in
November 2000 to refinance the purchase of various  restaurant  equipment at our
food and beverage  facilities  in a hotel and casino in Las Vegas,  Nevada.  The
lease  bore  interest  at 8.65% per annum and was  payable  in 48 equal  monthly
installments  of $32,000 until maturity in November 2004 at which time we had an
option to  purchase  the  equipment  for  $519,000  or  extend  the lease for an
additional 12 months at the same monthly payment until maturity in November 2005
and  repurchase  the equipment at such time for $165,000.  In November  2004, we
chose to extend the lease for an additional 12 months.

We  originally  accounted for this  agreement as an operating  lease and did not
record the assets or the lease liability in the financial statements. During the
year ended  September 29, 2001, we recorded the entire amount  payable under the
lease as a liability of $1,600,000  based on the anticipated  abandonment of the

                                       28
<PAGE>

Aladdin operations. In 2002, the operations at the Aladdin were abandoned and at
September 30, 2006 the lease was fully paid.

A  quarterly  cash  dividend  in the amount of $0.35 per share was  declared  on
October 12, 2004.  Subsequent to October 12, 2004,  quarterly  cash dividends in
the amount of $0.35 per share were declared on January 12, April 12, July 12 and
October 11, 2005 and on January 12, April 12, July 12,  October 10, and December
20,  2006.  In addition,  we declared a special  cash  dividend in the amount of
$3.00 per  share on December 20, 2006.  Prior to this,  we had not paid any cash
dividends since our inception.  We intend to continue to pay such quarterly cash
dividend for the foreseeable future, however, the payment of future dividends is
at the  discretion  of our Board of Directors  and is based on future  earnings,
cash flow, financial condition,  capital requirements,  changes in U.S. taxation
and other relevant factors.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

To facilitate an  understanding  of our  contractual  obligations and commercial
commitments, the following data is provided:

                                               PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                             WITHIN                      AFTER 5
                                     TOTAL   1 YEAR  2-3 YEARS 4-5 YEARS  YEARS
                                               (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)

Contractual Obligations:
Operating Leases                    $58,086  $ 7,187  $12,525  $11,677  $26,697
                                    -------  -------  -------  -------  -------

Total Contractual Cash Obligations  $58,086  $ 7,187  $12,525  $11,677  $26,697
                                    =======  =======  =======  =======  =======

                                     AMOUNT OF COMMITMENT EXPIRATION PER PERIOD
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                             WITHIN                      AFTER 5
                                     TOTAL   1 YEAR  2-3 YEARS 4-5 YEARS  YEARS
                                               (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)

Other Commercial Commitments:
Letters of Credit                   $   466  $    --  $   466  $    --  $    --
                                    -------  -------  -------  -------  -------

Total Commercial Commitments        $   466  $    --  $   466  $    --  $    --
                                    =======  =======  =======  =======  =======


Restaurant Expansion

We opened a GALLAGHER'S  STEAKHOUSE  restaurant the Resorts  Atlantic City Hotel
and Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey in December 2005.

During the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2006, we  established  operations at
the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard,  Connecticut by opening a restaurant, THE
FIFTH  STREET  CAFE,  in its  newly  expanded  poker  room in  March  2006 and a
fast-casual  restaurant,  LUCKY  SEVEN,  in the  Bingo  Hall  in May  2006.  All
pre-opening  expenses were borne by outside  investors who invested in a limited
liability company  established to develop,  construct,  operate and manage these
facilities.  We are the managing member of this limited  liability  company and,
through this limited liability company, we lease and manage the

                                       29
<PAGE>

operations of each of these facilities in exchange for a monthly  management fee
equal to five-percent of the gross receipts of these facilities.  Neither we nor
any of our  subsidiaries  contributed  any  capital  to this  limited  liability
company.  None  of  the  obligations  of  this  limited  liability  company  are
guaranteed  by us and  investors  in  this  limited  liability  company  have no
recourse against us or any of our assets.

In addition,  in September  2006,  we entered into an agreement to lease a to be
named Mexican  restaurant  at the to be developed  Planet  Hollywood  Resort and
Casino  (formerly known as the Aladdin Resort and Casino) in Las Vegas,  Nevada,
and entered into an agreement  to purchase  the  restaurant  known as the DURGIN
PARK  RESTAURANT  AND THE BLACK  HORSE  TAVERN  in  Boston,  Massachusetts.  The
obligation to pay rent for the to be named  Mexican  restaurant is not effective
until the restaurant  opens for business.  We anticipate this restaurant to open
during our third quarter of the 2007 fiscal year.  The agreement to purchase the
DURGIN PARK facility  provides that we cannot take  possession of the restaurant
until we obtain a liquor  license  for the  facility.  We are  currently  in the
process of obtaining such liquor license.

Finally,  in December  2006, we expanded our  operations at the Foxwoods  Resort
Casino by opening THE GRILL AT TWO TREES in the Two Trees Inn, a facility  owned
by the  Mashantucket  Pequot  Tribal  Nation and a part of the  Foxwoods  Resort
Casino, in Ledyard, Connecticut.

The  opening  of a new  restaurant  is  invariably  accompanied  by  substantial
pre-opening  expenses and early operating losses associated with the training of
personnel,  excess kitchen costs, costs of supervision and other expenses during
the  pre-opening  period and during a  post-opening  "shake  out"  period  until
operations  can be considered  to be  functioning  normally.  The amount of such
pre-opening  expenses and early  operating  losses can  generally be expected to
depend upon the size and  complexity of the facility  being opened.  We incurred
$15,000 in pre-opening expenses in fiscal 2006.

Our restaurants generally do not achieve substantial increases from year to year
in  revenue,  which we  consider to be typical of the  restaurant  industry.  To
achieve  significant  increases in revenue or to replace  revenue of restaurants
that lose customer  favor or which close because of lease  expirations  or other
reasons,  we would  have to open  additional  restaurant  facilities  or  expand
existing  restaurants.  There  can be no  assurance  that a  restaurant  will be
successful  after it is opened,  particularly  since in many instances we do not
operate our new  restaurants  under a trade name  currently  used by us, thereby
requiring new restaurants to establish their own identity.

Apart from these agreements,  we are not currently committed to any projects. We
may take  advantage  of  opportunities  we consider to be  favorable,  when they
occur, depending upon the availability of financing and other factors.

Recent Restaurant Dispositions and Charges

We entered into a sale and leaseback  agreement with GE Capital in November 2000
to  refinance  the  purchase  of various  restaurant  equipment  at our food and
beverage facilities at Desert Passage,  the retail complex at the Aladdin Resort
& Casino in Las Vegas,  Nevada.  In 2002,  the  operations  at the Aladdin  were
abandoned.  The lease matured in November 2005 and, in connection therewith,  we
made an unprovided  for lump sum payment of $142,000 due under this lease.  This
lump sum payment is included in discontinued operations in fiscal 2006.

In fiscal 2003, we determined that our restaurant,  Lutece,  located in New York
City,  had been  impaired  by the  events of  September  11th and the  continued
weakness  in the  economy.  Based upon the sum of the future  undiscounted  cash
flows  related to our  long-lived  fixed assets at Lutece,  we  determined  that
impairment  had occurred.  To estimate the fair value of such  long-lived  fixed
assets, for determining the

                                       30
<PAGE>

impairment  amount, we used the expected present value of the future cash flows.
We projected  continuing negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future
with no value for  subletting  or  assigning  the lease for the  premises.  As a
result, we determined that there was no value to the long-lived fixed assets. We
had an investment of $667,000 in leasehold improvements,  furniture fixtures and
equipment.  We believed that these assets would have nominal value upon disposal
and  recorded  an  impairment  charge of $667,000  during  fiscal  2003.  Due to
continued  weak sales,  we closed Lutece  during the second  quarter of 2004. We
recorded a net operating loss of $27,000 during the fiscal year ended  September
30, 2006 which is included in losses  from  discontinued  operations.  In fiscal
2004,  we also  incurred a one-time  charge of $470,000  related to pension plan
contributions required in connection with the closing of Lutece which is payable
monthly over a nine year period  beginning May 17, 2004 and bears  interest at a
rate of 8% per annum.

On December 1, 2003, we sold a restaurant,  Lorelei, for approximately $850,000.
The book value of  inventory,  fixed  assets,  intangible  assets  and  goodwill
related to this  entity was  approximately  $625,000.  We recorded a gain on the
sale of approximately $225,000 during the first quarter of fiscal 2004.

Our restaurant,  Ernie's,  located on the upper west side of Manhattan opened in
1982. As a result of a steady  decline in sales,  we felt that a new concept was
needed at this location. The restaurant was closed June 16, 2003 and reopened in
August 2003. Total conversion costs were  approximately  $350,000.  Sales at the
new restaurant,  La Rambla,  failed to reach the level sufficient to achieve the
results we required. As a result, we sold this restaurant on January 1, 2004 and
realized  a gain on the  sale  of this  restaurant  of  approximately  $214,000.
Operating income of $5,000 was included in losses from  discontinued  operations
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

Our restaurant  Jack Rose located on the west side of Manhattan has  experienced
weak sales for several  years.  In  addition,  this  restaurant  did not fit our
desired profile of being in a landmark  destination  location.  As a result,  we
sold this  restaurant  on February 23,  2004.  We realized a loss on the sale of
this  restaurant  of $137,000  which was recorded  during the second  quarter of
fiscal  2004.   Operating   losses  of  $3,000  were  included  in  losses  from
discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

Our  restaurant,  America,  located in New York City has  experienced  declining
sales for several  years.  In March 2004,  we entered  into a new lease for this
restaurant at a  significantly  increased  rent. We entered into this lease with
the belief that due to the  location and the  uniqueness  of the space the lease
had value. On January 19, 2005, we signed a definitive agreement for the sale of
this  restaurant  which closed on March 15, 2005.  We realized a pre-tax gain of
$644,000  on the sale of this  restaurant.  Operating  losses  of  $12,000  were
included  in losses  from  discontinued  operations  for the  fiscal  year ended
September 30, 2006.

Our  bar/nightclub  facility  Venus,  located  at the  Venetian  Casino  Resort,
experienced a steady  decline in sales and we felt that a new concept was needed
at this location.  During the first quarter of 2005, this bar/nightclub facility
was closed for re-concepting and re-opened as "Vivid" on February 4, 2005. Total
conversion costs were  approximately  $400,000.  Sales at the new  bar/nightclub
facility  have  failed to reach the level  sufficient  to achieve the results we
required and we have  identified a buyer for this  facility.  As of December 31,
2005, we classified the assets and liabilities of this bar/nightclub facility as
"held for sale" in accordance with Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("SFAS
No. 144") based on the fact that the  facility  has met the criteria  under SFAS
No. 144. Based on the initial offers made on this facility, we do not anticipate
a loss on the sale.  Operating  losses of $486,000  are  included in losses from
discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

                                       31
<PAGE>

Effective August 22, 2004, our lease for The Saloon at the Neonopolis  Center at
Fremont Street was converted into a management  agreement  whereby we received a
management  fee of $7,000 per month  regardless  of the results of operations of
this  restaurant.  In June 2006, the owner of the  Neonopolis  Center at Fremont
Street sold the  building to a new entity who, on June 25, 2006,  exercised  its
option to terminate the management  agreement upon thirty days written notice to
us.

On July 6, 2006, the landlord for the Vico's Burrito's fast food facility at the
Venetian Casino Resort, General Growth Properties, notified us that the landlord
was exercising an option granted to it pursuant to the lease for the facility to
terminate  the  lease  in  exchange  for the  landlord  providing  us  with  the
unamortized portion of the non-removable  improvements  located in the facility.
On August 10, 2006, we and our landlord for this facility  entered into a letter
agreement  pursuant  to which the  landlord  agreed to pay us  $200,000  for the
unamortized portion of the non-removable  improvements  located in the facility.
We  realized  a loss of  $70,000  on the  closure  of this  restaurant  which is
included in discontinued operations.  Operating income of $35,000 is included in
discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

As a result of the above mentioned  sales,  we allocated  $75,000 of goodwill to
these  restaurants  and  reduced  goodwill  by this  amount in fiscal  2005.  No
allocation was required during fiscal 2006.

Effective December 1, 2006, our subsidiaries that lease each of Lutece,  Tsunami
and our Vivid location at The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada,
have entered  into an  agreement  to sell  Lutece,  Tsunami and a portion of the
Vivid location used by Lutece as a prep kitchen to Venetian  Casino Resort,  LLC
for an aggregate of  $14,000,000.  Our Lutece location closed as of the close of
business on December 3, 2006 and it is  contemplated  that our Tsunami  location
will close at the end of the calendar  year. We do not  anticipate a loss on the
sale of these restaurants.

Critical Accounting Policies

Financial  Reporting  Release No. 60, published by the SEC,  recommends that all
companies  include a  discussion  of critical  accounting  policies  used in the
preparation of their financial statements.  Our significant  accounting policies
are more fully  described in Note 1 to our  consolidated  financial  statements.
While all these significant  accounting  policies impact our financial condition
and  results of  operations,  we view  certain of these  policies  as  critical.
Policies  determined  to be  critical  are  those  policies  that  have the most
significant  impact  on  our  consolidated   financial  statements  and  require
management to use a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may
differ from those estimates.

We believe  that given  current  facts and  circumstances,  it is unlikely  that
applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate  methodologies would cause a
material effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or
cash flows for the periods presented in this report.

Below are listed certain policies that management believes are critical:

Use of Estimates

The  preparation  of financial  statements  requires the  application of certain
accounting  policies,  which may require us to make estimates and assumptions of
future  events.   In  the  process  of  preparing  its  consolidated   financial
statements,  we estimate the  appropriate  carrying  value of certain assets and
liabilities,  which are not readily  apparent  from other  sources.  The primary
estimates underlying our

                                       32
<PAGE>

financial  statements include allowances for potential bad debts on accounts and
notes receivable,  the useful lives and  recoverability  of its assets,  such as
property and intangibles,  fair values of financial  instruments and share-based
compensation,  the  realizable  value  of its  tax  assets  and  other  matters.
Management  bases its estimates on certain  assumptions,  which they believe are
reasonable  in the  circumstances  and actual  results  could  differ from those
estimates.

Long-Lived Assets

We annually  assess any impairment in value of long-lived  assets to be held and
used.  We evaluate  the  possibility  of  impairment  by  comparing  anticipated
undiscounted cash flows to the carrying amount of the related long-lived assets.
If such cash flows are less than carrying  value we then reduce the asset to its
fair value.  Fair value is generally  calculated  using  discounted  cash flows.
Various  factors such as sales growth and operating  margins and proceeds from a
sale are part of this analysis. Future results could differ from our projections
with a resulting adjustment to income in such period.

Leases

We are obligated  under various lease  agreements  for certain  restaurants.  We
recognize  rent expense on a  straight-line  basis over the expected lease term,
including  option periods as described  below.  Within the provisions of certain
leases there are  escalations  in payments  over the base lease term, as well as
renewal  periods.  The effects of the  escalations  have been  reflected in rent
expense on a  straight-line  basis over the expected lease term,  which includes
option periods when it is deemed to be reasonably assured that we would incur an
economic  penalty for not  exercising  the option.  Percentage  rent  expense is
generally  based upon sales levels and is expensed as incurred.  Certain  leases
include  both base rent and  percentage  rent.  We record rent  expense on these
leases based upon reasonably  assured sales levels.  The consolidated  financial
statements reflect the same lease terms for amortizing leasehold improvements as
were used in calculating  straight-line  rent expense for each  restaurant.  Our
judgments may produce  materially  different  amounts of  amortization  and rent
expense than would be reported if different lease terms were used.

Deferred Income Tax Valuation Allowance

We provide  such  allowance  due to  uncertainty  that some of the  deferred tax
amounts may not be  realized.  Certain  items,  such as state and local tax loss
carry  forwards,  are dependent on future  earnings or the  availability  of tax
strategies.  Future  results  could  require  an  increase  or  decrease  in the
valuation allowance and a resulting adjustment to income in such period.

Accounting for Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

During 2001,  the FASB issued FAS 142,  which  requires  that for us,  effective
September 28, 2002,  goodwill,  including the goodwill  included in the carrying
value of investments  accounted for using the equity method of  accounting,  and
certain other intangible  assets deemed to have an indefinite useful life, cease
amortizing.  FAS 142 requires  that  goodwill and certain  intangible  assets be
assessed for impairment using fair value measurement  techniques.  Specifically,
goodwill  impairment is determined using a two-step  process.  The first step of
the  goodwill  impairment  test is  used to  identify  potential  impairment  by
comparing  the fair  value of the  reporting  unit (we is being  treated  as one
reporting  unit)  with  its net  book  value  (or  carrying  amount),  including
goodwill.  If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying  amount,
goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired and the second step of
the impairment test is unnecessary. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit
exceeds  its fair  value,  the second step of the  goodwill  impairment  test is
performed to measure the amount of  impairment  loss, if any. The second step of
the goodwill  impairment  test  compares the implied fair value of the reporting
unit's goodwill with

                                       33
<PAGE>

the carrying  amount of that goodwill.  If the carrying  amount of the reporting
unit's goodwill  exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill,  an impairment
loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  The implied fair value of
goodwill is determined  in the same manner as the amount of goodwill  recognized
in a business  combination.  That is, the fair  value of the  reporting  unit is
allocated  to all of the  assets and  liabilities  of that unit  (including  any
unrecognized  intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a
business  combination  and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase
price  paid to  acquire  the  reporting  unit.  The  impairment  test for  other
intangible  assets  consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible
asset with its carrying  value.  If the carrying value of the  intangible  asset
exceeds its fair value,  an impairment  loss is recognized in an amount equal to
that excess.

Determining  the fair  value of the  reporting  unit under the first step of the
goodwill impairment test and determining the fair value of individual assets and
liabilities of the reporting unit  (including  unrecognized  intangible  assets)
under the second step of the goodwill  impairment  test is  judgmental in nature
and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions.  Similarly,
estimates  and  assumptions  are used in  determining  the  fair  value of other
intangible  assets.  These  estimates and  assumptions  could have a significant
impact  on  whether  or not an  impairment  charge  is  recognized  and also the
magnitude of any such charge.  To assist in the process of determining  goodwill
impairment,  we obtain appraisals from independent  valuation firms. In addition
to the  use of  independent  valuation  firms,  we  perform  internal  valuation
analyses  and  consider  other market  information  that is publicly  available.
Estimates of fair value are primarily determined using discounted cash flows and
market  comparisons and recent  transactions.  These  approaches use significant
estimates  and  assumptions  including  projected  future cash flows  (including
timing),  discount  rate  reflecting  the risk  inherent  in future  cash flows,
perpetual growth rate,  determination of appropriate  market comparables and the
determination of whether a premium or discount should be applied to comparables.
Based on the above policy no impairment  charges were recorded during the fiscal
years ended 2006, 2005 and 2004.

Share-Based Compensation

Effective October 2, 2005 the Company adopted Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards  No.  123R,  "SHARE-BASED  PAYMENT"  ("SFAS No.  123R"),  and  related
interpretations  and began expensing the grant-date fair value of employee stock
options.  Prior to October 2, 2005, the Company  applied  Accounting  Principles
Board Opinion No. 25,  "ACCOUNTING  FOR STOCK ISSUED TO EMPLOYEES,"  and related
interpretations in accounting for its stock option plans. Accordingly,  prior to
October 2, 2005, no  compensation  expense has been recognized in net income for
employee  stock options,  as options  granted had an exercise price equal to the
market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant.

Upon adoption of SFAS 123R, the Company  elected to value employee stock options
using the  Black-Scholes  option  valuation  method that uses  assumptions  that
relate to the expected  volatility of the Company's  common stock,  the expected
dividend yield of our stock,  the expected life of the options and the risk free
interest  rate.  The  assumptions  used for the options  granted on December 21,
2004,  which were unvested at the time of the adoption of SFAS 123R,  included a
risk free interest rate of 3.37%,  volatility of 37%, a dividend yield of 3% and
an expected life of three years.

The Company  adopted  SFAS No. 123R using the  modified  prospective  transition
method and  therefore  has not restated  prior  periods.  Under this  transition
method,  compensation  cost  associated  with employee stock options  recognized
during  fiscal 2006  includes  amortization  related to the  remaining  unvested
portion of stock  awards  granted  prior to October  2,  2005.  No options  were
granted during fiscal year 2006.

                                       34
<PAGE>

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

The  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board has recently  issued the  following
accounting pronouncement:

In June 2005 the  Emerging  Issues  Task  Force  (EITF)  issued  EITF No.  04-5,
INVESTOR'S  ACCOUNTING  FOR AN  INVESTMENT  IN A  LIMITED  PARTNERSHIP  WHEN THE
INVESTOR  IS THE SOLE  GENERAL  PARTNER AND THE LIMITED  PARTNERS  HAVE  CERTAIN
RIGHTS  ("EITF  04-5").  EITF 04-5 presumes  that a general  partner  controls a
limited  partnership  and therefore  should  consolidate the  partnership.  This
presumption can be overcome if the limited partners have kick-out or substantive
participating  rights.  The Company is required to adopt the  provisions of EITF
04-05 during  fiscal years  beginning  after  December 15, 2005.  The Company is
currently  evaluating  the impact of EITF 04-05 on its  consolidated  results of
operations and financial position.

In  June  2006,   the   Financial   Accounting   Standards   Board  issued  FASB
Interpretation  No.  48,  ACCOUNTING  FOR  UNCERTAINTY  IN  INCOME  TAXES  -  AN
INTERPRETATION  OF FASB  STATEMENT  NO. 109 ("FIN  48").  FIN 48  clarifies  the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in financial statements in
accordance  with FASB  Statement No. 109,  ACCOUNTING  FOR INCOME TAXES.  FIN 48
prescribes a recognition  threshold and measurement  attribute for the financial
statement  recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be
taken  in a  tax  return.  FIN  48  also  provides  guidance  on  derecognition,
classification,   interest  and  penalties,   accounting  in  interim   periods,
disclosure,  and transition.  The Company is required to adopt the provisions of
FIN 48 during fiscal years  beginning  after  December 15, 2006.  The Company is
currently  evaluating  the  impact  of  FIN 48 on its  consolidated  results  of
operations and financial position.

ITEM 7A.          QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

None.

ITEM 8.           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Our Consolidated  Financial  Statements are included in this report  immediately
following Part IV.

ITEM 9.           CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
                  ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Incorporated  herein by this  reference  is the  discussion  under Item 4 of our
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 15, 2004, and Item 4 of our Current
Report  on Form  8-K/A,  filed on  January  16,  2004,  reporting  a  change  in
certifying  accountants.  There were no disagreements  related to that change in
accountants.

ITEM 9A.

Controls and Procedures; Internal Control over Financial Reporting

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Based on their evaluation, our
principal  executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that
our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as defined in Rules  13a-14(c)  and
15d-14(c)  under the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"))  are  effective  as of  September  30,  2006 to ensure  that  information
required  to be  disclosed  by us in  reports  that we file or submit  under the
Exchange Act is recorded,  processed,  summarized  and reported  within the time
periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.

                                       35
<PAGE>

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL  REPORTING.  There were no changes in
our  internal  control over  financial  reporting  during the fourth  quarter of
fiscal year 2006 that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.

                                       36
<PAGE>

                                    PART III
                                    --------

ITEM 10.          DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

See PART I, ITEM 4. "Executive  Officers of the Registrant."  Other  information
relating to our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference to
the definitive proxy statement for our 2007 annual meeting of stockholders to be
filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (the  "SEC")  pursuant to
Regulation  14A no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year  covered
by this form (the "Proxy  Statement").  Information  relating to compliance with
Section  16(a) of the  Exchange  Act is  incorporated  by reference to the Proxy
Statement.

Code of Ethics.

We have  adopted  a code of  ethics  that  applies  to our  principal  executive
officer,   principal   financial  officer,   principal   accounting  officer  or
controller, and persons performing similar functions. We will provide any person
without  charge,  upon  request,  a copy of such code of ethics by  mailing  the
request to us at 85 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10003, Attention: Robert Towers.

Audit Committee Financial Expert

Our Board of Directors has determined that Marcia Allen,  Director, is our Audit
Committee  Financial Expert, as defined under Section 407 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and the rules  promulgated by the SEC in furtherance of Section 407.
Ms. Allen is independent of management.  Other  information  regarding the Audit
Committee is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 11.          EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy
Statement.

ITEM 12.          SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy
Statement.

ITEM 13.          CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy
Statement.

ITEM 14.          PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy
Statement.

                                       37
<PAGE>


                                     PART IV
                                     -------

ITEM 15.        EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     (a)        (1)     Financial Statements:                                                               Page
                                                                                                            ----
<S>             <C>                                                                                         <C>

                        Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                            F-1

                        Consolidated Balance Sheets --
                        at September 30, 2006 and  October 1, 2005                                          F-2

                        Consolidated Statements of Operations -- For each of the
                        three fiscal years ended September 30, 2006,  October 1,
                        2005 and October 2, 2004                                                            F-3

                        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -- For each of the
                        three fiscal years ended September 30, 2006,  October 1,
                        2005 and October 2, 2004                                                            F-4

                        Consolidated  Statements of Shareholders'  Equity -- For
                        each of the three fiscal years ended September 30, 2006,
                        October 1, 2005 and October 2, 2004                                                 F-5

                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                          F-6
</TABLE>

                (2)     Financial Statement Schedules

                        None

                (3)     Exhibits:

                3.1     Certificate of  Incorporation  of the Registrant,  filed
                        with the  Secretary of State of the State of New York on
                        January 4, 1983,  incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit
                        3.1 to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                        the fiscal year ended September 28, 2002 ("2002 10-K").

                3.2     Certificate   of   Amendment  of  the   Certificate   of
                        Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Secretary
                        of State of the State of New York on October  11,  1985,
                        incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  3.2 to the 2002
                        10-K.

                3.3     Certificate   of   Amendment  of  the   Certificate   of
                        Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Secretary
                        of  State of the  State  of New  York on July 21,  1988,
                        incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  3.3 to the 2002
                        10-K.

                3.4     Certificate   of   Amendment  of  the   Certificate   of
                        Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Secretary
                        of  State  of the  State  of New  York on May 13,  1997,
                        incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  3.4 to the 2002
                        10-K.

                3.5     Certificate   of   Amendment  of  the   Certificate   of
                        Incorporation  of the Registrant filed on April 24, 2002
                        incorporated   by   reference  to  Exhibit  3.5  to  the
                        Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for the
                        quarterly  period  ended  March 30,  2002  (the  "Second
                        Quarter 2002 Form 10-Q").

                                       38
<PAGE>

                3.6     By-Laws of the Registrant,  incorporated by reference to
                        Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's  Registration  Statement
                        on Form S-18  filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange
                        Commission on October 17, 1985.

               10.1     Amended and Restated Redemption Agreement dated June 29,
                        1993  between  the  Registrant  and  Michael  Weinstein,
                        incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the
                        Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                        year ended October 2, 1994 ("1994 10-K").

               10.2     Form of  Indemnification  Agreement entered into between
                        the  Registrant  and each of Michael  Weinstein,  Ernest
                        Bogen, Vincent Pascal,  Robert Towers, Jay Galin, Robert
                        Stewart,  Bruce R.  Lewin,  Paul  Gordon  and  Donald D.
                        Shack,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
                        1994 10-K.

               10.3     Ark  Restaurants   Corp.   Amended  Stock  Option  Plan,
                        incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.3 to the 1994
                        10-K.

               10.4     Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of
                        December  27,  1999  between  we  and  Bank  Leumi  USA,
                        incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.4  to  the
                        Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                        year ended October 2, 1999.

               10.5     Ark  Restaurants   Corp.  1996  Stock  Option  Plan,  as
                        amended,  incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's
                        Definitive Proxy Statement  pursuant to Section 14(a) of
                        the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934  (Amendment No. 1)
                        filed on March 16, 2001.

               10.6     Lease  Agreement dated May 17, 1996 between New York-New
                        York  Hotel,   LLC,   and  Las  Vegas   America   Corp.,
                        incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.6  to  the
                        Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                        year ended October 3, 1998 (the "1998 10-K").

               10.7     Lease  Agreement dated May 17, 1996 between New York-New
                        York  Hotel,  LLC,  and Las Vegas  Festival  Food Corp.,
                        incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.7 to the 1998
                        10-K.

               10.8     Lease  Agreement dated May 17, 1996 between New York-New
                        York  Hotel,   LLC,  and  Las  Vegas  Steakhouse  Corp.,
                        incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.8 to the 1998
                        10-K.

               10.9     Amendment  dated  August 21, 2000 to the Fourth  Amended
                        and Restated  Credit  Agreement dated as of December 27,
                        1999  between  we and Bank Leumi  USA,  incorporated  by
                        reference  to Exhibit  10.9 to the  Registrant's  Annual
                        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  September
                        30, 2000 (the "2000 10-K").

              10.10     Amendment  dated November 21, 2000 to the Fourth Amended
                        and Restated  Credit  Agreement dated as of December 27,
                        1999  between  we and Bank Leumi  USA,  incorporated  by
                        reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the 2000 10-K.

              10.11     Amendment  dated  November 1, 2001 to the Fourth Amended
                        and Restated  Credit  Agreement dated as of December 27,
                        1999  between  we and Bank Leumi  USA,  incorporated  by
                        reference to Exhibit  10.11 to the  Registrant's  Annual
                        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  September
                        29, 2001 (the "2001 10-K").

              10.12     Amendment  dated December 20, 2001 to the Fourth Amended
                        and Restated  Credit  Agreement dated as of December 27,
                        1999  between  we and Bank Leumi  USA,  incorporated  by
                        reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the 2001 10-K.

              10.13     Amendment  dated  as of  April  23,  2002 to the  Fourth
                        Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated  as  of
                        December  27,  1999  between  we  and  Bank  Leumi  USA,
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Second
                        Quarter 2002 Form 10-Q.

                                       39
<PAGE>

              10.14     Amendment  dated as of  January  22,  2002 to the Fourth
                        Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated  as  of
                        December  27,  1999  between  we  and  Bank  Leumi  USA,
                        incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the First
                        Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

              10.15     Ark  Restaurants   Corp.  2004  Stock  Option  Plan,  as
                        amended,  incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's
                        Definitive Proxy Statement  pursuant to Section 14(a) of
                        the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed on January 26,
                        2004.

                14      Code of Ethics,  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit
                        14.1 to the Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                        the fiscal year ended September 27, 2003.

                16      Letter from  Deloitte & Touche LLP  regarding  change in
                        certifying  accountants,  incorporated by reference from
                        the exhibit included with our Current Report on Form 8-K
                        filed with the SEC on January  15,  2004 and our Current
                        Report on Form 8-K/A  filed with the SEC on January  16,
                        2004.


               *21      Subsidiaries of the Registrant.


               *23      Consent of J.H. Cohn LLP.

              *31.1     Certification  of Chief  Executive  Officer  pursuant to
                        Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

              *31.2     Certification  of Chief  Financial  Officer  pursuant to
                        Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

               *32      Section 1350 Certification

     (b)     Reports    Report on Form 8-K dated December 22, 2005
               on
              Form      Report on Form 8-K/A dated January 12, 2006
               8-K
                        Report on Form 8-K dated February 14, 2006

                        Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2006

                        Report on Form 8-K dated May 16, 2006

                        Report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 2006

                        Report on Form 8-K dated August 15, 2006

                        Report on Form 8-K dated August 23, 2006

                        Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 2006

                        Report on Form 8-K dated December 4, 2006

--------------

*        Filed herewith.

                                       40
<PAGE>

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm




To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Ark Restaurants Corp.


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ark Restaurants
Corp. and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2006. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Ark
Restaurants Corp. and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005,
and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended September 30, 2006, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
changed the manner in which it accounts for share-based compensation in fiscal
year 2006.

/s/ J.H. Cohn LLP

Jericho, New York
December 22, 2006

                                      F-1
<PAGE>

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(IN THOUSANDS)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       SEPTEMBER 30,      OCTOBER 1,
                                                                           2006             2005
                                                                       -------------      ----------
<S>                                                                       <C>              <C>
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                $7,671           $ 5,723
 Accounts receivable                                                       2,587             2,370
 Related party receivables                                                 1,446               451
 Employee receivables                                                        394               294
 Current portion of long-term receivables                                    131               299
 Inventories                                                               1,675             1,615
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                   700             1,417
 Assets held for sale                                                      1,657                --
                                                                          ------           -------

       Total current assets                                               16,261            12,169
                                                                          ------           -------

LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES                                                      1,025             1,275
                                                                          ------           -------

FIXED ASSETS--At cost:
 Leasehold improvements                                                   34,807            31,252
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                        28,408            28,107
 Construction in progress                                                    159             1,782
                                                                          ------           -------

                                                                          63,374            61,141

 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                           39,230            37,096
                                                                          ------           -------
FIXED ASSETS--Net                                                         24,144            24,045

INTANGIBLE ASSETS--Net                                                       100               198

GOODWILL                                                                   3,440             3,440

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                                                      6,305             5,579

OTHER ASSETS                                                                 845               729
                                                                          ------           -------

TOTAL                                                                    $52,120           $47,435
                                                                         =======           =======

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
 Accounts payable--trade                                                  $2,193           $ 2,740
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                            4,218             4,756
 Accrued income taxes                                                      1,452             1,004
 Defered income taxes                                                         --               270
                                                                          ------           -------
       Total current liabilities                                           7,863             8,770

OPERATING LEASE DEFERRED CREDIT                                            4,203               878

OTHER LIABILITES                                                             301               374
                                                                          ------           -------

TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                         12,367            10,022
                                                                          ------           -------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
 Common stock, par value $.01 per share--authorized, 10,000
  shares; issued 5,632 and 5,533 at September 30, 2006                        57                56
  and October 1, 2005, respectively
 Additional paid-in capital                                               20,403            18,437
 Retained earnings                                                        27,845            27,472
                                                                          ------           -------
                                                                          48,305            45,965

 Less stock option receivable                                               (166)             (166)
 Less treasury stock of 2,070 shares                                      (8,386)           (8,386)
                                                                          ------           -------
       Total shareholders' equity                                         39,753            37,413
                                                                         -------           -------
TOTAL                                                                    $52,120           $47,435
                                                                         =======           =======
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-2
<PAGE>

 ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                YEARS ENDED
                                                                                ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30,   OCTOBER 1,     OCTOBER 2,
                                                                                      2006          2005            2004
                                                                                  -------------   ----------     ----------
<S>                                                                                <C>            <C>            <C>
REVENUES:
 Food and beverage sales                                                           $ 113,546      $ 111,411      $ 111,529
 Other income                                                                          2,423          1,826            742
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

       Total revenues                                                                115,969        113,237        112,271
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

COST AND EXPENSES:
 Food and beverage cost of sales                                                      29,376         28,591         28,985
 Payroll expenses                                                                     37,418         35,550         35,363
 Occupancy expenses                                                                   16,683         16,095         15,458
 Other operating costs and expenses                                                   14,224         13,469         13,468
 General and administrative expenses                                                   7,231          7,318          6,499
 Depreciation and amortization                                                         3,321          3,104          3,051
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

       Total cost and expenses                                                       108,253        104,127        102,824
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

OPERATING INCOME                                                                       7,716          9,110          9,447
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE:
 Interest expense                                                                          8             25            190
 Interest income                                                                         (90)          (101)          (138)
 Other income                                                                           (713)          (672)          (594)
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

OTHER INCOME - NET                                                                      (795)          (748)          (542)
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
BEFORE INCOME TAXES                                                                    8,511          9,858          9,989

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES                                                             2,824          3,048          2,757
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS                                                      5,687          6,810          7,232
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS:
LOSS FROM OPERATIONS OF DISCONTINUED RESTAURANTS
(Includes net losses on disposal of $70 and $168 for the fiscal years ended
2006 and 2004, repsectively, and a net gain on disposal of $644 for the fiscal
year ended 2005)                                                                        (699)          (334)          (794)

BENEFIT FOR INCOME TAXES                                                                (232)          (103)          (219)
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                                                       (467)          (231)          (575)
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------

NET INCOME                                                                         $   5,220      $   6,579      $   6,657
                                                                                   =========      =========      =========

PER SHARE INFORMATION - BASIC AND DILUTED
Continuing operations basic                                                        $    1.64      $    1.98      $    2.19
Discontinued operations basic                                                      $   (0.14)     $   (0.06)     $   (0.18)
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
NET BASIC                                                                          $    1.50      $    1.92      $    2.01

                                                                                   =========      =========      =========
Continuing operations diluted                                                      $    1.60      $    1.92      $    2.10
Discontinued operations diluted                                                    $   (0.13)     $   (0.07)     $   (0.17)
                                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
NET DILUTED                                                                        $    1.47      $    1.85      $    1.93
                                                                                   =========      =========      =========

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES--Basic                                               3,472          3,436          3,305
                                                                                   =========      =========      =========

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES--Diluted                                             3,548          3,555          3,444
                                                                                   =========      =========      =========
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-3
<PAGE>

ARK RESTAURANT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(IN THOUSANDS)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   YEARS ENDED
                                                                   ----------------------------------------------
                                                                      SEPTEMBER 30,  OCTOBER 1,    OCTOBER 2,
                                                                         2006          2005          2004
                                                                      -------------  ----------    ----------
<S>                                                                    <C>           <C>           <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
 Net Income                                                            $  5,220      $  6,579      $  6,657
 Adjustments to reconcile net income
  to net cash provided
  by operating activities:
    Deferred income taxes                                                  (401)          187          (144)
    Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                               (595)           --            --
    Stock-based compensation                                                748            --            --
    Depreciation and amortization                                         3,778         3,694         3,591
    Operating lease deferred credit                                          23           (21)           53
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities
    Accounts receivable                                                    (217)         (826)          113
    Related party receivables                                              (995)          176          (627)
    Employee receivables                                                   (100)           36           (75)
    Inventories                                                             (60)          116           133
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets                             1,019           198        (1,025)
    Other assets                                                           (116)           43           208
    Accounts payable - trade                                               (547)          510        (1,213)
    Accrued income taxes                                                    448          (583)        1,357
    Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                         (538)          (25)         (805)
    Cash received from landlord                                           3,000            --            --
                                                                       --------      --------      --------

        Net cash provided by continuing operating activities             10,667        10,084         8,223
        Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued
          operating activities                                             (157)         (163)        2,168
                                                                       --------      --------      --------
        Net cash provided by operating activities                        10,510         9,921        10,391
                                                                       --------      --------      --------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
    Additions to fixed assets                                            (5,352)       (4,252)       (1,529)
    Payments received on notes receivable                                   418           416           193
                                                                       --------      --------      --------

       Net cash used in continuing investing activities                  (4,934)       (3,836)       (1,336)
       Net cash used in discontinued
         investing activities                                                --          (400)           --
                                                                       --------      --------      --------
       Net cash used in investing activities                             (4,934)       (4,236)       (1,336)
                                                                       --------      --------      --------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    Principal payment on long-term debt                                      --          (251)       (7,328)
    Dividends paid                                                       (4,847)       (4,801)           --
    Exercise of stock options                                               624           457         1,966
    Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                595            --            --
    Payment received under stock option receivable                           --           198           291
    Purchase of treasury stock                                               --            --           (35)
                                                                       --------      --------      --------
       Net cash used in continuing financing activities                  (3,628)       (4,397)       (5,106)
       Net cash used in discontinued financing activities                    --            --            --
                                                                       --------      --------      --------
       Net cash used in financing activities                             (3,628)       (4,397)       (5,106)
                                                                       --------      --------      --------

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                 1,948         1,288         3,949
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, Beginning of the year                          5,723         4,435           486
                                                                       --------      --------      --------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, End of year                                 $  7,671      $  5,723      $  4,435
                                                                       ========      ========      ========
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:
 Cash paid during year for:
  Interest                                                             $      8      $     25      $    264
                                                                       ========      ========      ========
  Income taxes                                                         $  2,136      $  3,341      $  1,455
                                                                       ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2006, OCTOBER 1, 2005 AND OCTOBER 2, 2004
(IN THOUSANDS)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 COMMON STOCK      ADDITIONAL                           STOCK       TOTAL
                                              ------------------    PAID-IN   RETAINED    TREASURY      OPTION   SHAREHOLDERS'
                                              SHARES     AMOUNT     CAPITAL   EARNINGS      STOCK     RECEIVABLE    EQUITY
                                              -------  ---------  ----------  ----------  ---------  ------------  -----------
<S>                                            <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
BALANCE--September 27, 2003                    5,249    $     52   $ 14,743   $ 19,037    $ (8,351)   $   (655)   $ 24,826

 Exercise of stock options                       213           2      1,964         --          --          --       1,966

 Tax benefit on exercise of stock options         --          --        495         --          --          --         495

 Purchase of treasury stock                       --          --         --         --         (35)         --         (35)

 Payment on stock options receivables             --          --         --         --          --         291         291

 Net income                                       --          --         --      6,657          --          --       6,657
                                               -----    --------   --------   --------    --------    --------    --------

BALANCE--October 2, 2004                       5,462          54     17,202     25,694      (8,386)       (364)     34,200

 Exercise of stock options                        71           2        455         --          --          --         457

 Tax benefit on exercise of stock options         --          --        780         --          --          --         780

 Payment on stock options receivables             --          --         --         --          --         198         198

 Payment of dividends - $1.40 per share                       --         --     (4,801)                             (4,801)

 Net income                                       --          --         --      6,579          --          --       6,579
                                               -----    --------   --------   --------    --------    --------    --------

BALANCE--October 1, 2005                       5,533          56     18,437     27,472      (8,386)       (166)     37,413

 Exercise of stock options                        99           1        623         --          --          --         624

 Tax benefit on exercise of stock options         --          --        595         --          --          --         595

 Stock-based compensation                         --          --        748         --          --          --         748

 Payment of dividends - $1.40 per share           --          --         --     (4,847)         --          --      (4,847)

 Net income                                       --          --         --      5,220          --          --       5,220
                                               -----    --------   --------   --------    --------    --------    --------

BALANCE--September 30, 2006                    5,632    $     57   $ 20,403   $ 27,845    $ (8,386)   $   (166)   $ 39,753
                                               =====    ========   ========   ========    ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

                                      F-5
<PAGE>


ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2006, OCTOBER 1, 2005 AND OCTOBER 2, 2004
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.    BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      Ark Restaurants Corp. and subsidiaries (the "Company") owns and/or
      operates 23 restaurants and bars, 25 fast food concepts, catering
      operations and wholesale and retail bakeries. Seven restaurants are
      located in New York City, eight in Las Vegas, Nevada, four in Washington,
      D.C, two are located in Atlantic City, New Jersey, and two are located at
      the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard, Connecticut. The Las Vegas
      operations include three restaurants within the New York-New York Hotel &
      Casino Resort and operation of the resort's room service, banquet
      facilities, employee dining room and nine food court concepts. Four
      restaurants and bars are within the Venetian Casino Resort as well as
      three food court concepts and one restaurant is within the Forum Shops at
      Caesar's Shopping Center. The Company manages five fast food facilities in
      Tampa, Florida and eight fast food facilities in Hollywood, Florida, each
      at a Hard Rock Hotel and Casino owned by the Seminole Indian Tribe at
      these locations. The Company also manages two fast food restaurants at the
      Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard, Connecticut.

      ACCOUNTING PERIOD--The Company's fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest
      September 30. The fiscal year ended September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005
      included 52 weeks. The fiscal year ended October 2, 2004 included 53
      weeks.

      SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES--In the process of preparing its consolidated
      financial statements, the Company estimates the appropriate carrying value
      of certain assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent from
      other sources. The primary estimates underlying the Company's financial
      statements include allowances for potential bad debts on long-term
      receivables, the useful lives and recoverability of its assets, such as
      property and intangibles, fair values of financial instruments and
      share-based compensation, the realizable value of its tax assets and other
      matters.

      PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION--The consolidated financial statements include
      the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All
      intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
      consolidation.

      RECLASSIFICATIONS--Certain reclassifications of prior year balances have
      been made to conform to the current year presentation.

      CASH EQUIVALENTS--Cash equivalents include instruments with maturities of
      three months or less, when purchased.

      The Company maintains the majority of its cash and cash equivalents with
      high quality financial institutions. Deposits held with banks exceed
      insurance limits. These deposits may be redeemed upon demand and
      therefore bear minimal risk.

      ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE--Accounts receivable is primarily composed of normal
      business receivables such as credit card receivables that are paid off in
      a short period of time.

      INVENTORIES--Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in,
      first-out) or market, and consist of food and beverages, merchandise for
      sale and other supplies.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>

      REVENUE RECOGNITION--The Company-owned restaurant sales are composed
      almost entirely of food and beverage sales. The Company records revenue at
      the time of the purchase of products by customers.

      Management fees, which are included in Revenues - Other Income, are
      related to the Company's managed restaurants and are based on either gross
      restaurant sales or cash flow. The company recognizes management fee
      income in the period sales are made or cash flow is generated.

      The Company offers customers the opportunity to purchase gift
      certificates. At the time of purchase by the customer, the Company records
      a gift certificate liability for the face value of the certificate
      purchased. The Company recognizes the revenue and reduces the gift
      certificate liability when the certificate is redeemed. The Company does
      not reduce its recorded liability for potential non-use of purchased gift
      cards.

      FIXED ASSETS--Leasehold improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment
      are stated at cost. Depreciation of furniture, fixtures and equipment is
      computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
      the respective assets (three to seven years). Amortization of improvements
      to leased properties is computed using the straight-line method based upon
      the initial term of the applicable lease or the estimated useful life of
      the improvements, whichever is less, and ranges from 5 to 30 years. For
      leases with renewal periods at the Company's option, if failure to
      exercise a renewal option imposes an economic penalty to the Company,
      management may determine at the inception of the lease that renewal is
      reasonably assured and include the renewal option period in the
      determination of appropriate estimated useful lives.

      The Company includes in construction in progress improvements in
      restaurants that are under construction. Once the projects have been
      completed, the Company will begin depreciating and amortizing the assets.
      Start-up costs incurred during the construction period of restaurants,
      including rental of premises, training and payroll, are expensed as
      incurred.

      The Company follows Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS")
      No. 144, ACCOUNTING FOR THE IMPAIRMENT OR DISPOSAL OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS,
      which requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used
      in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the
      undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less
      than the asset's carrying amount. In the evaluation of the fair value and
      future benefits of long-lived assets, the Company performs an analysis of
      the anticipated undiscounted future net cash flows of the related
      long-lived assets. If the carrying value of the related asset exceeds the
      undiscounted cash flows, the carrying value is reduced to its fair value.
      Various factors including future sales growth and profit margins are
      included in this analysis. Management believes at this time that carrying
      values and useful lives continue to be appropriate.

      For the years ended September 30, 2006, October 1, 2005 and October 2,
      2004, no impairment charges were deemed necessary.

      INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL--As of September 29, 2002, the Company
      adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 142, ACCOUNTING FOR GOODWILL AND OTHER
      INTANGIBLE ASSETS. This statement requires that for goodwill, including
      the goodwill included in the carrying value of investments accounted for
      using the equity method of accounting, and certain other intangible assets
      deemed to have an indefinite useful life, the Company cease amortization.
      SFAS No. 142 requires that goodwill and certain intangible assets be
      assessed for impairment using fair value measurement techniques.
      Specifically, goodwill impairment is determined using a two-step process.
      The first step of the goodwill impairment test is to identify potential
      impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit (the Company
      is being treated as

                                      F-7
<PAGE>

      one reporting unit) with its net book value (or carrying amount),
      including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its
      carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired
      and the second step of the impairment test is unnecessary. If the carrying
      amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of
      the goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the amount of
      impairment loss, if any. The second step of the goodwill impairment test
      compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the
      carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting
      unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an
      impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The
      implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the
      amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. That is, the fair
      value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and
      liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as
      if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the
      fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid to acquire
      the reporting unit. The impairment test for other intangible assets
      consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset with
      its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds
      its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to
      that excess.

      Determining the fair value of the reporting unit under the first step of
      the goodwill impairment test and determining the fair value of individual
      assets and liabilities of the reporting unit (including unrecognized
      intangible assets) under the second step of the goodwill impairment test
      is judgmental in nature and often involves the use of significant
      estimates and assumptions. Similarly, estimates and assumptions are used
      in determining the fair value of other intangible assets. These estimates
      and assumptions could have a significant impact on whether or not an
      impairment charge is recognized and also the magnitude of any such charge.
      To assist in the process of determining goodwill impairment, the Company
      obtains appraisals from independent valuation firms. In addition to the
      use of independent valuation firms, the Company performs internal
      valuation analyses and considers other market information that is publicly
      available. Estimates of fair value are primarily determined using
      discounted cash flows, market comparisons and recent transactions. These
      approaches use significant estimates and assumptions including projected
      future cash flows (including timing), a discount rate reflecting the risk
      inherent in future cash flows, perpetual growth rate, determination of
      appropriate market comparables and the determination of whether a premium
      or discount should be applied to comparables. Based on the above policy no
      impairment charges were recorded during the fiscal years ended 2006, 2005
      and 2004.

      Costs associated with acquiring leases and subleases, principally
      purchased leasehold rights, have been capitalized and are being amortized
      on the straight-line method based upon the initial terms of the applicable
      lease agreements, which range from 9 to 20 years.

      Covenants not to compete arising from restaurant acquisitions are
      amortized over the contractual period, typically five years.

      Amortization expense for intangible assets not including goodwill was
      $29,000, $28,000 and $27,000 for the years ended September 30, 2006,
      October 1, 2005 and October 2, 2004, respectively.

      LEASES -- The Company is obligated under various lease agreements for
      certain restaurants. The Company recognizes rent expense on a
      straight-line basis over the expected lease term, including option periods
      as described below. Within the provisions of certain leases there are
      escalations in payments over the base lease term, as well as renewal
      periods. The effects of the escalations have been reflected in rent
      expense on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term, which
      includes option periods when it is deemed to be reasonably assured that
      the Company would incur an economic penalty for not exercising the option.
      Percentage rent expense is generally based upon sales levels and is
      expensed as incurred. Certain leases include both base rent and percentage
      rent. The Company records rent expense

                                      F-8
<PAGE>

      on these leases based upon reasonably assured sales levels. The
      consolidated financial statements reflect the same lease terms for
      amortizing leasehold improvements as were used in calculating
      straight-line rent expense for each restaurant. The judgments of the
      Company may produce materially different amounts of amortization and rent
      expense than would be reported if different lease terms were used.

      OPERATING LEASE DEFERRED CREDIT--Several of the Company's operating leases
      contain predetermined increases in the rentals payable during the term of
      such leases. For these leases, the aggregate rental expense over the lease
      term is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The
      excess of the expense charged to operations in any year and amounts
      payable under the leases during that year are recorded as deferred credits
      that reverse over the lease term.

      OCCUPANCY EXPENSES--Occupancy expenses include rent, rent taxes, real
      estate taxes, insurance and utility costs.

      INCOME TAXES--Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability
      method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax
      consequences attributable to the temporary differences between the
      financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their
      respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
      expected to apply in the years in which those temporary differences are
      expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
      liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that
      includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a
      valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely
      than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
      realized

      INCOME PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK--Basic net income per share is computed
      in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ("SFAS") No.
      128, EARNINGS PER SHARE, and is calculated on the basis of the weighted
      average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted
      net income per share reflects the additional dilutive effect of
      potentially dilutive shares (principally those arising from the assumed
      exercise of stock options).

                                      F-9
<PAGE>

      SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION--Effective October 2, 2005 the Company adopted
      Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R, "SHARE-BASED
      PAYMENT" ("SFAS 123R"), and related interpretations and began expensing
      the grant-date fair value of employee stock options. Prior to October 2,
      2005, the Company applied Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
      "ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK ISSUED TO EMPLOYEES," and related interpretations in
      accounting for its stock option plans. Accordingly, prior to October 2,
      2005, no compensation expense has been recognized for employee stock
      options, as options granted had an exercise price equal to the market
      value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant.

      Upon adoption of SFAS 123R, the Company elected to value employee stock
      options using the Black-Scholes option valuation method that uses
      assumptions that relate to the expected volatility of the Company's common
      stock, the expected dividend yield of our stock, the expected life of the
      options and the risk free interest rate. The assumptions used for the
      options granted on December 21, 2004, which were unvested at the time of
      the adoption of SFAS 123R, included a risk free interest rate of 3.37%,
      volatility of 37%, a dividend yield of 3% and an expected life of three
      years.

      The Company adopted SFAS 123R using the modified prospective transition
      method and therefore has not restated prior periods. Under this transition
      method, compensation cost associated with employee stock options
      recognized during fiscal 2006 includes amortization related to the
      remaining unvested portion of stock awards granted prior to October 2,
      2005. No options were granted during fiscal year 2006.

      Prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R, the Company presented tax benefits
      resulting from share-based compensation as operating cash flows in the
      consolidated statements of cash flows. SFAS 123R requires that cash flows
      resulting from tax deductions in excess of compensation cost recognized in
      the financial statements be classified as an operating cash outflow and a
      financing cash inflow.

      The compensation cost charged to operations for the fiscal year ended
      September 30, 2006 for share-based compensation programs was $748,000,
      before a tax benefit of $256,000. The compensation cost recognized is
      classified as payroll expense in the consolidated statement of operations.

      In November 2005, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. FAS 123R-3
      "Transition Election Related to Accounting for the Tax Effects of
      Share-Based Payment Awards" ("FAS 123R-3"). The Company has elected to
      adopt the alternative transition method provided in this FASB Staff
      Position for calculating the tax effects of share-based compensation
      pursuant to FAS 123R-3. The alternative transition method includes a
      simplified method to establish the beginning balance of the additional
      paid-in capital pool (APIC pool) related to the effects of employee
      share-based compensation, which is available to absorb tax deficiencies
      recognized subsequent to the adoption of SFAS 123R.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>


      A summary of stock option activity is presented below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      WEIGHTED    WEIGHTED    WEIGHTED
                                                       AVERAGE     AVERAGE     AVERAGE     AGGREGATE
                                                      EXCERSIE      FAIR     CONTRACTUAL   INTRINSIC
OPTIONS                                 SHARES         PRICE       VALUE     TERM (YRS.)     VALUE
-------                                 ------         -----       -----     -----------     -----
<S>                                     <C>           <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>
Outstanding as October 1, 2005          301,000       $   21.32   $   5.97      8.23

Granted                                      --              --         --        --


Exercised                               (99,000)           6.30       2.05      0.21

Forfeited/Cancelled                          --             --          --        --
                                        -------

Outstanding at September 30, 2006       202,000       $   28.68   $   8.06      7.91        $167,000
                                        =======       =========   ========      ====        ========

Exercisable at September 30, 2006       105,000       $   27.82   $   7.99      7.62        $167,000
                                        =======       =========   ========      ====        ========

</TABLE>

      Had the Company accounted for its share-based awards under the fair value
      method for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2005 and October 2, 2004 the
      impact on its financial statements would have been as follows:



                                                       YEARS ENDED
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                OCTOBER 1,     OCTOBER 2,
                                                   2005           2004
                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Net income as reported                            $6,579         $6,657

Deduct share-based compensation expense
  computed under the fair value method               494             85
                                                  ------         ------

Net income - pro forma                            $6,085         $6,572
                                                  ======         ======

Net income per share as reported - basic          $ 1.92         $ 2.01
Net income per share as reported - diluted        $ 1.85         $ 1.93

Net income per share pro forma - basic            $ 1.77         $ 1.99
Net income per share pro forma - diluted          $ 1.71         $ 1.91


      As of September 30, 2006, there was approximately $163,000 of unrecognized
      compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which is expected to
      be recognized over a period of approximately one year.

      The Company, generally, issues new shares upon the exercise of employee
      stock options.

      RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS-- In June 2005, the Emerging
      Issues Task Force ("EITF") issued EITF No. 04-5, INVESTOR'S ACCOUNTING FOR
      AN INVESTMENT IN A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP WHEN THE INVESTOR IS THE SOLE
      GENERAL PARTNER AND THE LIMITED PARTNERS HAVE CERTAIN RIGHTS ("EITF
      04-5"). EITF 04-5 presumes that a general partner controls a limited
      partnership and therefore should consolidate the partnership. This
      presumption can be overcome if the limited partners have kick-out or

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

      substantive participating rights. The Company is required to adopt the
      provisions of EITF 04-05 during fiscal years beginning after December 15,
      2005. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of EITF 04-05 on
      its consolidated results of operations and financial position.

      In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB
      Interpretation No. 48, ACCOUNTING FOR UNCERTAINTY IN INCOME TAXES - AN
      INTERPRETATION OF FASB STATEMENT NO. 109 ("FIN 48"). FIN 48 clarifies the
      accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in financial
      statements in accordance with FASB Statement No. 109, ACCOUNTING FOR
      INCOME TAXES. FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
      attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
      position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also
      provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and
      penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. The
      Company is required to adopt the provisions of FIN 48 during fiscal years
      beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently evaluating the
      impact of FIN 48 on its consolidated results of operations and financial
      position.

2.    RECENT RESTAURANT DISPOSITIONS

      In November 2000 the Company entered into a sale and leaseback agreement
      to refinance the purchase of various restaurant equipment at its food and
      beverage facilities at Desert Passage, the retail complex at the Aladdin
      Resort & Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. In 2002, the operations at the
      Aladdin were abandoned. During fiscal 2006 the Company made an unprovided
      for lump sum payment of $142,000 due under this lease which is included in
      discontinued operations for fiscal year 2005.

      In fiscal 2003, the Company determined that the restaurant, Lutece,
      located in New York City, had been impaired by the events of September
      11th and the continued weakness in the economy. Based upon the sum of the
      future undiscounted cash flows related to long-lived fixed assets at
      Lutece, the Company determined that impairment had occurred. To estimate
      the fair value of such long-lived fixed assets, for determining the
      impairment amount, the Company used the expected present value of the
      future cash flows. The Company projected continuing negative operating
      cash flow for the foreseeable future with no value for subletting or
      assigning the lease for the premises. As a result, the Company determined
      that there was no value to the long-lived fixed assets of $667,000
      comprised of leasehold improvements, furniture fixtures and equipment. The
      Company believed that these assets would have nominal value upon disposal
      and recorded an impairment charge of $667,000 during fiscal 2003. Due to
      continued weak sales, the Company closed Lutece during the second quarter
      of 2004. The Company recorded net operating losses of $27,000, $60,000 and
      $804,000 during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2006, October 1, 2005
      and October 2, 2004, respectively, which are included in losses from
      discontinued operations. In fiscal 2004, the Company also incurred a
      one-time charge of $470,000 related to pension plan contributions required
      in connection with the closing of Lutece which is payable monthly over a
      nine year period beginning May 17, 2004 and bears interest at a rate of 8%
      per annum.

      On December 1, 2003, the Company sold a restaurant, Lorelei, for
      approximately $850,000. The book value of inventory, fixed assets,
      intangible assets and goodwill related to this entity was approximately
      $625,000. The Company recorded a gain on the sale of approximately
      $225,000 during the first quarter of fiscal 2004 which, along with losses
      from operations of $145,000, are included in discontinued operations.
      There were no additional losses incurred related to this restaurant after
      fiscal 2004.

      The Company's restaurant, Ernie's, located on the upper west side of
      Manhattan opened in 1982. As a result of a steady decline in sales, the
      Company felt that a new concept was needed at this location and,
      accordingly, the restaurant was closed on June 16, 2003 and reopened in
      August 2003. Total conversion costs were approximately $350,000. Sales at
      the new restaurant, La Rambla, failed to reach the level sufficient to
      achieve the results the Company required. As a result, the Company sold
      this restaurant on

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

      January 1, 2004 and realized a gain of approximately $214,000. Net
      operating income of $5,000 and net operating losses of $12,000 and
      $230,000 are included in discontinued operations for the fiscal years
      ended September 30, 2006, October 1, 2005 and October 2, 2004,
      respectively.

      The Company's restaurant Jack Rose located on the west side of Manhattan
      had experienced weak sales for several years. In addition, this restaurant
      did not fit the Company's desired profile of being in a landmark
      destination location. As a result, the Company sold this restaurant on
      February 23, 2004. The Company realized a loss on the sale of this
      restaurant of $137,000 which was recorded during the second quarter of
      fiscal 2004. Net operating losses of $3,000, $19,000 and $148,000 are
      included in discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September
      30, 2006, October 1, 2005 and October 2, 2004, respectively.

      The Company's restaurant, America, located in New York City had
      experienced declining sales for several years. In March 2004, the Company
      entered into a new lease for this restaurant at a significantly increased
      rent. This lease was entered into with the belief that due to the location
      and the uniqueness of the space the lease had value. On January 19, 2005,
      the Company signed a definitive agreement for the sale of this restaurant
      which closed on March 15, 2005. The Company realized a pre-tax gain of
      $644,000 on the sale of this restaurant. An operating loss of $12,000 and
      operating income of $47,000 are included in discontinued operations
      for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005,
      respectively.

      The Company's bar/nightclub facility Venus, located at the Venetian Casino
      Resort, experienced a steady decline in sales and the Company felt that a
      new concept was needed at this location. During the first quarter of 2005,
      this bar/nightclub facility was closed for re-concepting and re-opened as
      "Vivid" on February 4, 2005. Total conversion costs were approximately
      $400,000. Sales at the new bar/nightclub facility failed to reach the
      level sufficient to achieve the results the Company required. As of
      December 31, 2005, the Company classified the assets and liabilities of
      this facility as "held for sale" in accordance with Statement of Financial
      Accounting Standards No. 144, ACCOUNTING FOR THE IMPAIRMENT OR DISPOSAL OF
      LONG-LIVED ASSETS ("SFAS 144") based on the fact that the facility has met
      the criteria for such under SFAS 144. Based on the initial offers made on
      this facility, the Company does not anticipate a loss on the sale. Net
      operating losses of $486,000 are included in loss from discontinued
      operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

      Effective August 22, 2004, the Company's lease for The Saloon at the
      Neonopolis Center at Fremont Street was converted into a management
      agreement whereby the Company received a management fee of $7,000 per
      month regardless of the results of operations of this restaurant. In June
      2006, the owner of the Neonopolis Center at Fremont Street sold the
      building to a new entity who, on June 25, 2006, exercised its option to
      terminate the management agreement upon thirty days written notice to the
      Company.

      On July 6, 2006, the landlord for the Vico's Burrito's fast food facility
      at the Venetian Casino Resort notified the Company that they were
      exercising their option to terminate the lease in exchange for the
      landlord providing the Company with the unamortized portion of the
      non-removable improvements located in the facility. On August 10, 2006,
      the Company entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which the landlord
      agreed to pay $200,000 for the unamortized portion of the non-removable
      improvements located in the facility. The Company realized a loss on the
      closure of this restaurant of $70,000 which is included in discontinued
      operations. Operating income of $35,000 is included in discontinued
      operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.

      In accordance with SFAS 144, all prior years included in the accompanying
      consolidated statements of operations and cash flows have been
      reclassified to separately show the results of operations and cash

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

      flows of these discontinued operations. Total revenues of these
      discontinued operations were $1,159,000, $4,010,000 and $9,821,000 in
      fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

      As a result of the above mentioned sales, the Company allocated $75,000 of
      goodwill to these restaurants and reduced goodwill by this amount in
      fiscal 2005. No allocation was required during fiscal 2006.

3.    LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES

      Long-term receivables consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                SEPTEMBER 30,  OCTOBER 1,
                                                                    2006         2005
                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>
Note receivable collateralized by fixed assets and lease at a
 restaurant sold by the Company, at 8% interest; due in
 monthly installments through December 2006 (a)                    $   23      $  111

Note receivable collateralized by fixed assets and lease at a
 restaurant sold by the Company, at 7.5% interest; due in
 monthly installm ents through December 2008 (b)                      558         788

Note receivable collateralized by fixed assets and lease at a
 restaurant sold by the Company, at 6% interest, due in
 monthly installm ents through June 2011 (c)                          575         675
                                                                   ------      ------

                                                                    1,156       1,574

Less current portion                                                  131         299
                                                                   ------      ------

                                                                   $1,025      $1,275
                                                                   ======      ======
</TABLE>


      (a)   In December 1996, the Company sold a restaurant for $900,000. Cash
            of $50,000 was received on sale and the balance is due in
            installments through December 2006.

      (b)   In October 1997, the Company sold a restaurant for $1,750,000, of
            which $200,000 was paid in cash and the balance is due in monthly
            installments under the terms of two notes bearing interest at 7.5%.
            One note, with an initial principal balance of $400,000, was paid in
            24 monthly installments of $19,000 through April 2000. The second
            note, with an initial principal balance of $1,150,000, is being paid
            in 104 monthly installments of principal and interest totaling
            $15,000 commencing May 2000 and ending December 2008. At December
            2008, the then outstanding balance of $519,000 matures. In
            connection with this note, the buyer has prepaid $240,000 as of
            September 30, 2006. Such prepayment has been offset against future
            maturities.


      (c)   In March 2005, the Company sold a restaurant for $1,300,000. Cash of
            $600,000 was included on the sale. Of the $600,000 cash, $200,000
            was paid to the Company as a fee to manage the restaurant for four
            months prior to closure and the balance was paid directly to the
            landlord. The remaining $700,000 was received in the form of a note
            payable in installments through June 2011. The Company recognized a
            gain of $644,000 during the year ended October 1, 2005 in connection
            with this sale.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

      The carrying value of the Company's long-term receivables approximates
      their current aggregate fair value.

4.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      Intangible assets consist of the following:

                                                 SEPTEMBER 30,     OCTOBER 1,
                                                     2006             2005
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
Purchased leasehold rights (a)                     $   490         $    611
Noncompete agreements and other                        483              600
                                                   -------         --------

                                                       973            1,211

Less accumulated amortization                          873            1,013
                                                   -------         --------

           Total intangible assets                 $   100         $    198
                                                   =======         ========



      (a)   Purchased leasehold rights arise from acquiring leases and subleases
            of various restaurants.

5.    OTHER ASSETS

      Other assets consist of the following:

                                                       SEPTEMBER 30,  OCTOBER 1,
                                                           2006         2005
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS)

Deposits and other                                     $    465      $    350
Landlord receivable (a)                                     380           379
                                                       --------      --------

                                                       $    845      $    729
                                                       ========      ========


      (a)   This balance represents certain costs paid by the Company on behalf
            of a landlord, which under an agreement with the landlord will be
            used as a future offset to contingent rent payments for certain Las
            Vegas restaurants.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

6.    ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

      Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:

                                                     SEPTEMBER 30,    OCTOBER 1,
                                                         2006            2005
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS)
Sales tax payable                                     $      696      $     763
Accrued wages and payroll related costs                    1,094          1,756
Customer advance deposits                                  1,120            986
Accrued and other liabilities                              1,308          1,134
Abandonment accrual (a)                                       --            117
                                                      ----------      ---------

                                                      $    4,218      $   4,756
                                                      ==========      =========

      (a)   During the year ended September 29, 2001, the Company recorded the
            entire amount payable under an operating lease for restaurant
            equipment for the Aladdin operations as a liability of $1,600,000
            based on their anticipated abandonment. During the year ended
            September 28, 2002, the operations at the Aladdin were abandoned.
            See Note 2.



7.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

      LEASES--The Company leases its restaurants, bar facilities, and
      administrative headquarters through its subsidiaries under terms expiring
      at various dates through 2021. Most of the leases provide for the payment
      of base rents plus real estate taxes, insurance and other expenses and, in
      certain instances, for the payment of a percentage of the restaurants'
      sales in excess of stipulated amounts at such facility.

      As of September 30, 2006, future minimum lease payments under
      noncancelable leases are as follows:

                                                                   AMOUNT
      FISCAL YEAR                                              (IN THOUSANDS)

      2007                                                        $ 7,187
      2008                                                          6,487
      2009                                                          6,038
      2010                                                          5,797
      2011                                                          5,880
      Thereafter                                                   26,697
                                                                  -------

      Total minimum payments                                      $58,086
                                                                  =======

      In connection with certain of the leases included in the table above, the
      Company obtained and delivered irrevocable letters of credit in the
      aggregate amount of $466,000 as security deposits under such leases.

      Rent expense was $12,299,000, $11,978,000 and $12,104,000 during the
      fiscal years ended September 30, 2006, October 1, 2005 and October 2,
      2004, respectively. Contingent rentals, included in rent expense, were
      $4,392,000, $4,160,000 and $4,153,000 for the fiscal years ended September
      30, 2006, October 1, 2005 and October 2, 2004, respectively.

                                      F-16
<PAGE>

      In August 2004, the Company entered into a lease agreement to operate a
      Gallagher's Steakhouse and separate bar, Luna Lounge, at the Resorts
      International Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey. In connection
      with this lease the landlord contributed $3,000,000 towards the
      construction of these facilities. The Company received the $3,000,000
      during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006. As a result of cost
      overruns the landlord provided the Company with a rent credit which
      totaled $500,000. These amounts are included in the Operating Lease
      Deferred Credit Liability as of September 30, 2006.

      In July 2006, the Company entered into an agreement to lease The Grill at
      Two Trees in the Two Trees Inn, a facility owned by the Mashantucket
      Pequot Tribal Nation and a part of the Foxwoods Resort Casino, in Ledyard,
      Connecticut. This restaurant opened in December 2006.

      In September 2006, the Company entered into an agreement to lease a to be
      named Mexican restaurant at the to be developed Planet Hollywood Resort
      and Casino (formerly known as the Aladdin Resort and Casino) in Las Vegas,
      Nevada. Lease payments do not commence until construction of this
      restaurant is completed. This restaurant is expected to open during the
      second fiscal quarter of 2007.

      The future minimum lease payments from the above noted leases are included
      in the above schedule.


      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS--In the ordinary course of its business, the Company is
      a party to various lawsuits arising from accidents at its restaurants and
      worker's compensation claims, which are generally handled by the Company's
      insurance carriers.

      The employment by the Company of management personnel, waiters, waitresses
      and kitchen staff at a number of different restaurants has resulted in the
      institution, from time to time, of litigation alleging violation by the
      Company of employment discrimination laws. The Company does not believe
      that any of such suits will have a materially adverse effect upon the
      Company's consolidated financial statements.

8.    COMMON STOCK REPURCHASE PLAN

      In August 2006, the Company authorized the repurchase of up to $4,000,000
      of the Company's outstanding common stock which may be acquired in open
      market purchases over the twelve months following the date of the
      authorization. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, there were no
      repurchases of common stock.

9.    STOCK OPTIONS

      The Company has options outstanding under two stock option plans, the 1996
      Stock Option Plan (the "1996 Plan) and the 2004 Stock Option Plan (the
      "2004 Plan"). In 2004 the Company terminated the 1996 Plan. This action
      terminated the 257,000 authorized but unissued options under the 1996 Plan
      but it did not affect any of the options previously issued under the 1996
      Plan.

      Options granted under the 1996 Plan are exercisable at prices at least
      equal to the fair market value of such stock on the dates the options were
      granted. The options expire five years after the date of grant and are
      generally exercisable as to 25% of the shares commencing on the first
      anniversary of the date of grant and as to an additional 25% commencing on
      each of the second, third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date.

      Options granted under the 2004 Plan are exercisable at prices at least
      equal to the fair market value of such stock on the dates the options were
      granted. The options expire ten years after the date of grant and

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

      are generally exercisable as to 50% of the shares commencing on the first
      anniversary of the date of grant and as to an additional 50% commencing on
      the second anniversary of the date of grant.

      Additional information as of the end of each respective fiscal year is as
      follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    2006                         2005                        2004
                                        ----------------------------  --------------------------  ----------------------------
                                                           WEIGHTED                    WEIGHTED                    WEIGHTED
                                                           AVERAGE                     AVERAGE                     AVERAGE
                                                           EXERCISE                    EXERCISE                    EXERCISE
                                            SHARES          PRICE       SHARES          PRICE       SHARES          PRICE
                                            ------          -----       ------          -----       ------          -----
<S>                                         <C>             <C>         <C>             <C>         <C>            <C>
Outstanding, beginning of year              301,000         $ 6.30      178,000         $ 7.91      392,500        $  7.91

Options:
 Granted                                         --                     194,000          29.60           --
 Exercised                                  (99,000)          6.30      (71,000)          6.47     (212,500)          9.18
 Canceled or expired                             --                          --                      (2,000)         10.00
                                           --------                    --------                    --------

Outstanding, end of year (a)                202,000          28.68      301,000          21.32      178,000           7.91
                                           ========                    ========                    ========

Exercise price, outstanding options      $6.30 - 29.60               $6.30 - 29.60                $6.30 - 7.50

Weighted average years                         7.91                    6.38 Years                  2.14 Years

Shares available for future grant (b)       256,000                     256,000                     450,000
Options exercisable (a)                     105,000          27.82      107,000           6.30       60,500           6.30
Fair value of options granted                    --                     194,000           8.13          --
</TABLE>

      (a)   Options become exercisable at various times until expiration dates
            ranging from December 2003 through December 2014.

      (b)   The 2004 Stock Option Plan, which was approved by shareholders, is
            the Company's only equity compensation plan currently in effect.
            Under the 2004 Stock Option Plan, 450,000 options were authorized
            for future grant and 194,000 of these options were issued during
            fiscal 2005. The Company, with the approval of the shareholders,
            terminated the 1996 Stock option Plan. This action terminated the
            257,000 authorized but unissued options under the 1996 Stock Option
            Plan but it did not affect any of the options previously issued
            under the 1996 Stock Option Plan.

10.   MANAGEMENT FEE INCOME

      As of September 30, 2006, the Company provides management services to two
      fast food courts and three restaurants it does not own. In accordance with
      the contractual arrangements, the Company earns management fees based on
      gross sales or cash flow as defined by the agreements. Management fee
      income relating to these services was $1,980,000, $1,568,000 and $386,000
      for the years ended September 30, 2006, October 1, 2005 and October 2,
      2004, respectively. Such amount for the year ended September 30, 2006
      included $932,000 for management fees and $1,048,000 for profit
      distributions. Such amount for the year ended October 1, 2005 included
      $851,000 for management fees and $717,000 for profit distributions. For
      the year ended October 2, 2004 the entire amount of $386,000 was for
      management fees.

      Receivables from managed restaurants, classified as Related Party
      receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet, were $1,446,000
      and $451,000 at September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005, respectively. Such
      amount for the year ended September 30, 2006 included $161,000 for
      management

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

      fees, $250,000 for profit distributions and $1,035,000 for expense
      advances. Such amount at October 1, 2005 included $133,000 for management
      fees and $318,000 for expense advances.

      Managed restaurants had sales of $16,377,000, $12,105,000 and $9,566,000
      during the management periods within the years ended September 30, 2006,
      October 1, 2005 and October 2, 2004, respectively, which are not included
      in consolidated net sales of the Company.

11.   INCOME TAXES

      The provision for income taxes reflects Federal income taxes calculated on
      a consolidated basis and state and local income taxes calculated by each
      subsidiary on a nonconsolidated basis. For state and local income tax
      purposes, the losses incurred by a subsidiary may only be used to offset
      that subsidiary's income.

      The provision (benefit) for income taxes attributable to continuing and
      discontinued operations consists of the following:

                                                        YEARS ENDED
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            SEPTEMBER 30, OCTOBER 1,  OCTOBER 2,
                                                2006        2005        2004
                                                       (IN THOUSANDS)
Current provision:
 Federal                                      $  2,985    $  2,189   $  2,168
 State and local                                   603         569        514
                                              --------    --------   --------

                                                 3,588       2,758      2,682
                                              --------    --------   --------

Deferred provision (benefit):
 Federal                                          (967)        413        259
 State and local                                   (29)       (226)      (403)
                                              --------    --------   --------

                                                  (996)        187       (144)
                                              --------    --------   --------

                                              $  2,592    $  2,945   $  2,538
                                              ========    ========   ========

      The  provision  for  income  taxes  differs  from the amount  computed  by
      applying the Federal statutory rate due to the following:

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    YEARS ENDED
                                                     ----------------------------------------
                                                     SEPTEMBER 30,    OCTOBER 1,   OCTOBER 2,
                                                         2006           2005          2004
                                                                   (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>           <C>
Provision for Federal
 income taxes (34%)                                    $  2,656       $  3,238      $  3,126

State and local income taxes net of Federal
 tax benefit                                                502            309           334

Tax credits                                                (484)          (514)         (591)

State and local net operating loss carryforward
  allowance adjustment                                     (134)          (125)         (395)

Other                                                        52             37            64
                                                       --------       --------      --------

                                                       $  2,592       $  2,945      $  2,538
                                                       ========       ========      ========
</TABLE>

      Deferred tax assets or liabilities are established for: (a) temporary
      differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
      financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes,
      and (b) operating loss carryforwards. The tax effects of items comprising
      the Company's net deferred tax asset are as follows:

                                                    SEPTEMBER 30,   OCTOBER 1,
                                                        2006           2005
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
Current deferred tax assets (liabilities):
 Inventory                                            $    --        $  (270)
                                                      -------        -------

Total current net deferred tax assets                      --           (270)
                                                      -------        -------

Long-term deferred tax assets (liabilities):
 Operating loss carryforwards                           2,513          2,153
 Operating lease deferred credits                       1,407            320
 Carryforward tax credits                               2,574          4,570
 Depreciation and amortization                             53           (973)
 Deferred gains                                          (416)          (260)
 Valuation allowance                                     (224)          (358)
 Deferred compensation                                    284             --
 Pension withdrawal liability                             114            127
                                                      -------        -------

Total long-term net deferred tax assets                 6,305          5,579
                                                      -------        -------

Total net deferred tax assets                         $ 6,305        $ 5,309
                                                      =======        =======

                                      F-20
<PAGE>

      A valuation allowance for deferred taxes is required if, based on the
      evidence, it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets
      will not be realized. The Company believes that uncertainty exists with
      respect to future realization of certain operating loss carryforwards and
      operating lease deferred credits. Therefore, the Company provided a
      valuation allowance of $224,000 at September 30, 2006 and $358,000 at
      October 1, 2005. The Company decreased its allowance for the utilization
      of the deferred tax asset arising from state and local operating loss
      carryforwards by $134,000 and $125,000 for the years ended September 30,
      2006 and October 1, 2005, respectively, based on the merger of certain
      unprofitable subsidiaries into profitable ones. The Company has state
      operating loss carryforwards of $19,726,000, which expire in the years
      2007 through 2020.

      During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, the Company agreed to a
      settlement with the Internal Revenue Service which covered fiscal years
      ended October 2, 1999 through October 2, 2004. The final adjustments
      primarily related to the timing of deductions made during the fiscal year
      ended September 28, 2003 relating to the abandonment of the Company's
      restaurant and food court operations at Desert Passage which adjoins the
      Aladdin Casino Resort in Las Vegas, Nevada. This settlement did not have a
      material effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition.

12.   OTHER INCOME

      Other income consists of the following:

                                                    YEARS ENDED
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                       SEPTEMBER 30,  OCTOBER 1,    OCTOBER 2,
                                           2006         2005          2004
                                                   (IN THOUSANDS)
Purchasing service fees                  $     60     $     41     $      61
Other                                         653          631           533
                                         --------     --------     ---------

                                         $    713     $    672     $     594
                                         ========     ========     =========


13.   INCOME PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK

      A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and
      diluted per share computations for the fiscal years ended September 30,
      2006, October 1, 2005 and October 2, 2004 follows:

                                      F-21
<PAGE>

                                                                       NET
                                      INCOME         SHARES         PER-SHARE
                                    (NUMERATOR)   (DENOMINATOR)      AMOUNT
                                    -----------   -------------      ------
                                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
Year ended September 30, 2006:

 Basic EPS                            $5,220          3,472         $   1.50
 Stock options                            --             76            (0.03)
                                      ------          -----         --------

 Diluted EPS                          $5,220          3,548         $   1.47
                                      ======          =====         ========

Year ended October 1, 2005:

 Basic EPS                            $6,579          3,436         $   1.92
 Stock options                            --            119            (0.07)
                                      ------          -----         --------

 Diluted EPS                          $6,579          3,555         $   1.85
                                      ======          =====         ========

Year ended October 2, 2004:

 Basic EPS                            $6,657          3,305         $   2.01
 Stock options                            --            139            (0.08)
                                      ------          -----         --------

 Diluted EPS                          $6,657          3,444         $   1.93
                                      ======          =====         ========


      For the year ended September 30, 2006, stock options for 194,000 shares
      were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would
      have been antidilutive. For the fiscal years ended October 1, 2005 and
      October 2, 2004 all outstanding stock options were included in the
      computation of diluted EPS.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

14.   QUARTERLY INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

      The following tables set forth certain unaudited results of operations for
      each quarter during 2006 and 2005. The unaudited information has been
      prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial
      statements and includes all adjustments which management considers
      necessary for a fair presentation of the financial data shown. The
      operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the
      results to be attained for any future period. Basic and diluted earnings
      (loss) per share are computed independently for each of the periods
      presented. Accordingly, the sum of the quarterly earnings (loss) per share
      may not agree to the total for the year (in thousands, except per share
      data).

                                             FISCAL QUARTERS ENDED
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                                 DECEMBER 31,  APRIL 1,    JULY 1  SEPTEMBER 30,
                                    2005        2006        2006       2006
                                     (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
2006

Revenues                           $27,247     $25,468     $32,606    $30,648
                                   =======     =======     =======    =======

Income from continuing operations  $ 1,192     $    14     $ 2,656    $ 1,825
Income (loss) from discontinued
operations                            (276)       (165)       (168)       142
                                   -------     -------     -------    -------
 Net income (loss)                 $   916     $  (151)    $ 2,488    $ 1,967
                                   =======     =======     =======    =======

Per share information - basic
and diluted:

Continuing operations basic        $  0.34     $  0.00     $  0.77    $  0.53
Discontinued operations basic        (0.08)      (0.04)      (0.05)      0.03
                                   -------     -------     -------    -------
 Net basic                         $  0.26     $ (0.04)    $  0.72    $  0.56
                                   =======     =======     =======    =======

Continuing operations diluted
                                   $  0.34     $  0.00     $  0.75    $  0.51
Discontinued operations diluted      (0.08)      (0.04)      (0.05)      0.04
                                   -------     -------     -------    -------
 Net diluted                       $  0.26     $ (0.04)    $  0.70    $  0.55
                                   =======     =======     =======    =======

                                      F-23
<PAGE>

                                             FISCAL QUARTERS ENDED
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                  JANUARY 1,   APRIL 2,    JULY 2,   OCTOBER 1,
                                    2005         2005       2005       2005
                                    (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
2005

Revenues                           $26,516     $23,995     $32,206    $30,520
                                   =======     =======     =======    =======

Income from continuing operations  $ 1,301     $   291     $ 3,013    $ 2,205
Income (loss) from discontinued
operations                            (117)        263        (191)      (186)
                                   -------     -------     -------    -------
 Net income (loss)                 $ 1,184     $   554     $ 2,822    $ 2,019
                                   =======     =======     =======    =======

Per share information - basic and
diluted:

Continuing operations basic
                                   $  0.38     $  0.08     $  0.87    $  0.64
Discontinued operations basic        (0.03)       0.08       (0.05)     (0.06)
                                   -------     -------     -------    -------
 Net basic                         $  0.35     $  0.16     $  0.82    $  0.58

Continuing operations diluted      $  0.37     $  0.08     $  0.85    $  0.62
Discontinued operations diluted      (0.03)       0.07       (0.05)     (0.05)
                                   -------     -------     -------    -------
 Net diluted                       $  0.34     $  0.15     $  0.80    $  0.57
                                   =======     =======     =======    =======



15.   STOCK OPTION RECEIVABLES

      Stock option receivables include amounts due from officers and directors
      totaling $166,000 at September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005. Such amounts
      which are due from the exercise of stock options in accordance with the
      Company's Stock Option Plan are payable on demand with interest (8.25% at
      September 30, 2006 and 6.75% at October 1, 2005).

16.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      Receivables due from officers and directors, excluding stock option
      receivables, totaled $37,000 at September 30, 2006 and October 1, 2005.
      Other employee loans totaled $357,000 at September 30, 2006 compared to
      $257,000 at October1, 2005. Such loans bear interest at the minimum
      statutory rate (4.96% at September 30, 2006 and 3.83% at October 1, 2005).

17.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      The Company entered into an agreement to purchase the restaurant known as
      Durgin Park Restaurant and the Black Horse Tavern in Boston,
      Massachusetts. The agreement to purchase the Durgin Park facility provides
      that the Company cannot take possession of the restaurant until it obtains
      a liquor license for the facility.

      On October 10, 2006, the Company declared its regular quarterly dividend
      of $.35 per share on the Company's outstanding common stock payable
      November 1, 2006 to shareholders of record at the close of business
      October 20, 2006. On November 1, 2006, the Company paid dividends of
      $1,246,000.

                                      F-24
<PAGE>

      Effective  December  1, 2006,  Las Vegas Asia Corp.  and Las Vegas  Lutece
      Corp.,  the  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  of the  Company  which  lease the
      Company's Tsunami and Lutece locations at The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino
      in Las Vegas, Nevada, respectively, sold the Lutece and Tsunami locations,
      and a portion of the Company's  Vivid location used by the Lutece location
      as a prep  kitchen,  for an aggregate of  $14,000,000  to Venetian  Casino
      Resort, LLC.

      On December 20, 2006, the Company declared a special dividend of $3.00 per
      share on the  Company's  common  stock to be paid on  February  1, 2007 to
      shareholders of record at the close of business on January 24, 2007.


                                     ******

                                      F-25
<PAGE>

                                   Signatures

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                  ARK RESTAURANTS CORP.


                                  By:  /s/Michael Weinstein
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Michael Weinstein
                                       President and Chief Executive Officer
Date:  December 29, 2006

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,  this report has been duly signed by the following persons on behalf of
the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Signature                              Title                                 Date
---------                              -----                                 ----

<S>                                    <C>                                   <C>
/s/Michael Weinstein                   Chairman of the Board, President,     December 29, 2006
--------------------------------       and Chief Executive Officer
(Michael Weinstein)

/s/Vincent Pascal                      Senior Vice President                 December 29, 2006
--------------------------------       and Director
(Vincent Pascal)

/s/Robert Towers                       Executive Vice President,             December 29, 2006
--------------------------------       Treasurer, Chief Operating
(Robert Towers)                        Officer and Director

/s/Robert Stewart                      Chief Financial Officer               December 29, 2006
--------------------------------
(Robert Stewart)

/s/Marcia Allen                        Director                              December 29, 2006
--------------------------------
(Marcia Allen)

/s/Steven Shulman                      Director                              December 29, 2006
--------------------------------
(Steven Shulman)

/s/Paul Gordon                         Senior Vice President                 December 29, 2006
--------------------------------       and Director
(Paul Gordon)

/s/Bruce R. Lewin                      Director                              December 29, 2006
(Bruce R. Lewin)

/s/Arthur Stainman                     Director                              December 29, 2006
--------------------------------
(Arthur Stainman)
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>                                   <C>
/s/Edward Lowenthal                    Director                              December 29, 2006
--------------------------------
(Edward Lowenthal)

/s/ Stephen Novick                     Director                              December 29, 2006
--------------------------------
(Stephen Novick)

/s/ Robert Thomas Zankel               Director                              December 29, 2006
--------------------------------
(Robert Thomas Zankel)
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBITS INDEX


         3.1      Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, filed with the
                  Secretary  of State of the  State  of New York on  January  4,
                  1983.

         3.2      Certificate of Amendment of the  Certificate of  Incorporation
                  of the  Registrant  filed with the  Secretary  of State of the
                  State of New York on October 11, 1985.

         3.3      Certificate of Amendment of the  Certificate of  Incorporation
                  of the  Registrant  filed with the  Secretary  of State of the
                  State of New York on July 21, 1988.

         3.4      Certificate of Amendment of the  Certificate of  Incorporation
                  of the  Registrant  filed with the  Secretary  of State of the
                  State of New York on May 13, 1997.

         3.5      Certificate of Amendment of the  Certificate of  Incorporation
                  of the  Registrant  filed on April 24,  2002  incorporated  by
                  reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registrant's  Quarterly Report
                  on Form 10-Q for the  quarterly  period  ended  March 30, 2002
                  (the "Second Quarter 2002 Form 10-Q").

         3.6      By-Laws  of  the  Registrant,  incorporated  by  reference  to
                  Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form
                  S-18 filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  on
                  October 17, 1985.

        10.1      Amended and Restated Redemption  Agreement dated June 29, 1993
                  between the Registrant and Michael Weinstein,  incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year ended  October 2, 1999  ("1994
                  10-K").

        10.2      Form of  Indemnification  Agreement  entered  into between the
                  Registrant  and  each  of  Michael  Weinstein,  Ernest  Bogen,
                  Vincent  Pascal,  Robert Towers,  Jay Galin,  Robert  Stewart,
                  Bruce R. Lewin, Paul Gordon and Donald D. Shack,  incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 1994 10-K.

        10.3      Ark Restaurants Corp. Amended Stock Option Plan,  incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 1994 10-K.

        10.4      Fourth  Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated as of
                  December 27, 1999 between we and Bank Leumi USA,  incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Annual Report
                  on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 1999.

        10.5      Ark  Restaurants  Corp.  1996 Stock Option  Plan,  as amended,
                  incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Definitive Proxy
                  Statement pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange
                  Act of 1934 (Amendment No. 1) filed on March 16, 2001.

        10.6      Lease  Agreement  dated May 17, 1996 between New York-New York
                  Hotel,  LLC,  and Las Vegas  America  Corp.,  incorporated  by
                  reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 1998 (the "1998
                  10-K").

        10.7      Lease  Agreement  dated May 17, 1996 between New York-New York
                  Hotel, LLC, and Las Vegas Festival Food Corp., incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the 1998 10-K.

        10.8      Lease  Agreement  dated May 17, 1996 between New York-New York
                  Hotel,  LLC, and Las Vegas Steakhouse  Corp.,  incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the 1998 10-K.

<PAGE>

        10.9      Amendment  dated  August 21,  2000 to the Fourth  Amended  and
                  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated  as of  December  27,  1999
                  between we and Bank Leumi USA,  incorporated  by  reference to
                  Exhibit 10.9 to the  Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K
                  for the  fiscal  year  ended  September  30,  2000 (the  "2000
                  10-K").

        10.10     Amendment  dated  November 21, 2000 to the Fourth  Amended and
                  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated  as of  December  27,  1999
                  between we and Bank Leumi USA,  incorporated  by  reference to
                  Exhibit 10.10 to the 2000 10-K.

        10.11     Amendment  dated  November  1, 2001 to the Fourth  Amended and
                  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated  as of  December  27,  1999
                  between we and Bank Leumi USA,  incorporated  by  reference to
                  Exhibit 10.11 to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K
                  for the  fiscal  year  ended  September  29,  2001 (the  "2001
                  10-K").

        10.12     Amendment  dated  December 20, 2001 to the Fourth  Amended and
                  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated  as of  December  27,  1999
                  between we and Bank Leumi USA,  incorporated  by  reference to
                  Exhibit 10.11 of the 2001 10-K.

        10.13     Amendment dated as of April 23, 2002 to the Fourth Amended and
                  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated  as of  December  27,  1999
                  between we and Bank Leumi USA,  incorporated  by  reference to
                  Exhibit  10.13 of the Second  Quarter  2002 Form  10-Q.

        10.14     Amendment dated as of January 22, 2002 to the Fourth Amended
                  and Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated as of December 27, 1999
                  between we and Bank Leumi USA,  incorporated  by  reference to
                  Exhibit 10.14 of the First Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

        10.15     Ark  Restaurants  Corp.  2004 Stock Option  Plan,  as amended,
                  incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Definitive Proxy
                  Statement pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange
                  Act of 1934 filed on January 26, 2004.

          14      Code of Ethics,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to
                  the  Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the  fiscal
                  year ended September 27, 2003.

          16      Letter  from  Deloitte  &  Touche  LLP  regarding   change  in
                  certifying  accountants,  incorporated  by reference  from the
                  exhibit  included  with our  Current  Report on Form 8-K filed
                  with the SEC on January  15,  2004 and our  Current  Report on
                  Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 16, 2004.


         *21      Subsidiaries of the Registrant.


         *23      Consent of J.H. Cohn LLP.

        *31.1     Certification  of Chief Executive  Officer pursuant to Section
                  302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

        *31.2     Certification  of Chief Financial  Officer pursuant to Section
                  302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

         *32      Section 1350 Certification.


           *      Filed herewith.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
