<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>brt93002.txt
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                _________________
                                    FORM 10-K

                        FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS
                     PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
(Mark One)
 [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002

                                      or

[  ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE  ACT OF 1934

      For The Transition Period From ____________ to _______________.

                          Commission file number 1-7172

                               BRT REALTY TRUST
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


   Massachusetts                                              13-2755856
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (State or other jurisdiction                               (I.R.S. employer
  of incorporation or organization)                       identification no.)

   60 Cutter Mill Road, Great Neck, New York                    11021
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (Address of principal executive offices)                   (Zip Code)

         Registrant's telephone number, including area code    516-466-3100

         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class          Name of each exchange on which registered
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Shares of Beneficial                       New York Stock Exchange
         Interest, $3.00 Par Value

         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                  NONE
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (l) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X  No
                                       --
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in PART III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [ ]

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No X
                                            --
The  aggregate  market  value of  voting  and  non-voting  common  equity of the
registrant  held by  non-affiliates  computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity sold on December 18, 2002, was approximately $45,061,000.

As of December  18,  2002 the  registrant  had  7,459,814  shares of  Beneficial
Interest outstanding, excluding treasury shares.

                         DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


PART III

Item 10 -    Directors and Executive Officers       To be included in
             of the Registrant                      the Proxy Statement
                                                    to be filed pursuant
Item 11 -    Executive Compensation                 to Regulation 14A
                                                    not later than
Item 12 -    Security Ownership of Certain          January 28, 2003,
             Beneficial Owners and Management       except for information
                                                    concerning executive
Item 13 -    Certain Relationships and Related      officers, which is
             Transactions                           included in Part I.

<PAGE>

PART IV - See Item 14.


                              Forward-Looking Statements

     This  Annual  Report on Form  10-K,  together  with  other  statements  and
information  publicly  disseminated  by  us, contains   certain-forward  looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the  Securities Act of 1933, as
amended,  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We
intend  such  forward-looking  statements  to be  covered  by  the  safe  harbor
provisions for  forward-looking  statements  contained in the Private Securities
Litigation  Reform  Act of 1995 and  include  this  statement  for  purposes  of
complying with these safe harbor provisions.  Forward-looking statements,  which
are based on certain  assumptions and describe our future plans,  strategies and
expectations,  are  generally  identifiable  by use of the words "may",  "will",
"believe", "expect", "intend",  "anticipate",  "estimate",  "project" or similar
expressions  or  variations  thereof.  You  should  not rely on  forward-looking
statements since they involve known and unknown risks,  uncertainties  and other
factors which are, in some cases,  beyond our control and which could materially
affect actual  results,  performance  or  achievements.  Factors which may cause
actual results to differ materially from current  expectations  include, but are
not limited to:

o        defaults by borrowers in paying debt service on our loans;
o        general economic and business conditions;
o        general and local real estate conditions;
o        changes in federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations;
o        an inability to originate loans on favorable terms;
o        increased competition from entities engaged in mortgage lending;
o        an inability to retain our real estate investment trust qualification;
o        the financial and securities markets; and
o        the availability of and costs associated with sources of liquidity.

     Other risks,  uncertainties  and factors that could cause results to differ
materially  from current  expectations  are  discussed  under the caption  Risk
Factors in this Form 10-K. There can be no assurance that our expectations will
be realized.

                                    PART 1
Item l.  Business.
         --------

General
-------

     We are a real estate investment trust organized as a business trust in 1972
under the laws of the  Commonwealth  of  Massachusetts.  Our principal  business
activity is to generate income by originating  and holding for  investment,  for
our own account,  senior real estate mortgage loans secured by income  producing
real  property.  We also  originate and hold for  investment for our own account
junior real estate  mortgage  loans and wrap around real estate  mortgage  loans
secured by income  producing  real  property and  participating  mortgage  loans
secured by income  producing  property,  and we purchase and hold for investment
senior or junior  participations  in existing  mortgage  loans secured by income
producing real property.  To a limited extent,  we participate as both lender to
and an equity  participant in joint ventures which acquire income producing real
property  and on  occasion  we will  originate  and hold for  investment  a loan
secured by an improved commercial or multi-family  residential property which is
vacant,  pending sale or leasing.  Except for the  origination of  participating
mortgage loans and loans to our joint  ventures,  we emphasize  loans with terms
ranging  from six  months  to three  years  (referred  to as  bridge  loans).  A
participating  mortgage  loan is usually for a term of one to five years.  We do
not finance new construction but will finance renovation  activities involved in
rehabilitating  and upgrading a property.  We normally do not provide  financing
for undeveloped real property.


     Although we will originate loans secured by real property  located anywhere
in the United States and Puerto Rico and the scope of our lending activities has
been on a more national basis in the past two years, our activities focus on the
New York metropolitan area, New Jersey and Connecticut. At September 30, 2002 we
had 43 mortgage loans outstanding,  aggregating  $84,527,000 principal amount of
loans outstanding  (before allowances of $881,000),  including senior and junior
mortgage loans,  participating  mortgage loans, senior and junior participations
in mortgage loans and loans to joint ventures.  The loan portfolio is secured by
real  property  located in 11 states and the District of Columbia,  of which 37%
were secured by properties  in the New York  metropolitan  area,  New Jersey and
Connecticut,  13% by  properties  located  in the  State of  California,  12% by
properties  in the  State of  Colorado,  and 12% by  properties  in the State of
Maryland.  During the 2002 fiscal  year,  we  originated  $61,779,000  principal
amount of loans,  had payoffs and paydowns of  $40,869,000  principal  amount of
loans and sold $4,311,000 principal amount of loans.

     A majority of the mortgage loans originated and held by us bear interest at
a floating  rate  related  to the prime rate  (referred  to as  adjustable  rate
mortgages) with a stated minimum  interest rate. A portion of our mortgage loans
are  adjustable  rate mortgages  without a stated  minimum  interest rate, and a
portion of our mortgage loans provide for a fixed rate of interest. Accordingly,
a decrease  in the prime rate will  negatively  impact  our  revenues,  but this
negative  impact is minimized  because a majority of our mortgage  loans provide
for a stated minimum  interest rate.  Conversely,  an increase in the prime rate
has a negative impact on the portion of our portfolio which provides for a fixed
rate of interest,  but any such impact is minimal since a substantial  number of
mortgage loans in our portfolio  contain an adjustable rate interest  provision.
Interest on  mortgage  loans held by us is payable  monthly and we usually  hold
escrows,  also payable  monthly,  for real estate  taxes and casualty  insurance
premiums.  We may,  from time to time,  require a borrower  to fund an  interest
reserve out of the net loan proceeds, from which reserve all or a portion of the
interest payments due to us are made.

     We  receive  a  commitment  fee on  substantially  all  mortgage  loans  we
originate and usually  receive an extension fee in connection with the extension
of a loan.  These  fees  are  generally  paid at the  time a loan is  funded  or
extended.  Commitment  and extension fees are taken into income over the life of
the loan. If we issue a commitment and the loan is not  consummated,  the fee is
recognized at the expiration of the commitment. A non-refundable  processing fee
(which includes an advance against projected legal fees, due diligence costs and
other projected miscellaneous costs to be incurred by us) is received on many of
our commitments. In fiscal 2002 we earned $1,487,000 of loan related fees.


     At September 30, 2002 our mortgage portfolio consisted of 43 mortgage loans
totaling  $83,646,000  in  aggregate  principal  amount  (net of  allowances  of
$881,000),  representing  63% of our total  assets.  At  September  30, 2002 all
outstanding loans, except for one first mortgage loan in the principal amount of
$415,000  (with no allowance for loan losses),  were earning  interest.  The one
mortgage loan not earning  interest  represents  less than 1% of the outstanding
loan  portfolio  at  September  30, 2002.  Subsequent  to September  30, 2002 we
recovered the full principal  amount and the unpaid interest on this non-earning
loan.

     Of the principal  amount of loans  outstanding  at September 30, 2002,  69%
represented  first  mortgage  loans or mortgage  loans in which we held a senior
participation,  and 31% represented second mortgage loans,  wrap-around mortgage
loans and junior participations.

     During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002, in addition to originating
mortgage loans and purchasing  participations in existing loans, we were engaged
in managing our loan portfolio, supervising the management of real estate assets
owned  by us,  overseeing  the  activities  of  joint  ventures  in which we are
involved  as  an  equity   participant  and  leasing  our  real  estate  assets.
Approximately  10% of our total assets at September 30, 2002, or an aggregate of
$13,204,000  (after valuation  allowances of $325,000),  was represented by real
estate assets (excluding  mortgage loans receivable),  including  investments in
joint ventures.

     At  September  30,  2002,  we  had  an  investment  of  $31,178,000  in the
securities  of other real estate  investment  trusts (23% of total  assets),  of
which  $29,959,000 (22% of total assets)  represents an investment in the common
shares of  Entertainment  Properties  Trust ("EPR").  We currently own 1,355,600
shares of Common Stock of EPR, or 7.89% of EPR's  outstanding  shares, at a cost
for book  purposes of  $17,806,000.  At September 30, 2002, we had an unrealized
gain on our  investment in EPR of  $12,152,000,  and $274,000 of net  unrealized
gain on the securities of other real estate investment  trusts.  Although at the
present time we do not intend to purchase  the  securities  of other  REITS,  we
intend to retain our position in EPR and we may  recommence  the purchase of the
securities of other REIT's (including additional shares of EPR) and may sell the
shares we own in EPR and  other  REIT's if our  management  determines  any such
transaction would be beneficial.

Investment Policy
-----------------

     Our investment  policy  emphasizes the  origination  for our own account of
short-term  senior real estate  mortgage  loans secured by first liens on income
producing real property. We also originate for our own account short-term junior
real estate  mortgage  loans  secured by second liens on income  producing  real
property.  On occasion we originate and hold for investment a loan secured by an
improved  commercial  or  multi-family  residential  property  which is  vacant,
pending  sale  or  leasing.  We  also,  from  time-to-time,  purchase  a  senior
participation  or a junior  participation in an existing short term bridge loan.
Junior mortgage loans and junior  participations  in existing mortgage loans are
subordinate to one or more prior liens. Junior mortgage loans may be wrap-around
loans which are subject to the prior underlying  mortgage  indebtedness.  In the
case of a wrap-around  mortgage  loan,  the principal  amount on which  interest
payable  is  calculated  is the  outstanding  balance  under the prior  existing
mortgage loan plus the amount actually  advanced under the wrap-around loan. The
terms of a wrap-around  loan normally require that a borrower make principal and
interest payments directly to the holder of the wrap position and such holder in
turn pays the holder of the prior or senior mortgage loan.

     We also  originate  for our own account  participating  mortgage  loans.  A
participating mortgage loan (which is secured by a first or second mortgage lien
on income  producing  real property)  provides for a fixed or floating  interest
rate (related to the prime rate) which is usually at a somewhat lesser base rate
than the rate  charged  by us on our bridge  mortgage  loans,  is usually  for a
longer term and provides for payment of "additional" or "appreciation"  interest
either at the time of the sale or refinancing of the property  securing the loan
or at the maturity of the loan.  The additional  interest is usually  calculated
based on the incremental  value of the property  securing the mortgage (from the
date the loan is  consummated to the date the loan is paid off), but can also be
based on the period of time the loan is outstanding,  the profit realized by the
borrower on the sale of the property  securing the loan, a fixed rate,  or other
negotiated criteria. At September 30, 2002 we had $2,898,000 principal amount of
participating mortgage loans outstanding.

     We also  originate  mortgage  loans  to joint  ventures  in which we are an
equity  participant.  If a  determination  is  made  by  management  that a real
property  investment will provide an opportunity for above market returns and an
opportunity  to  participate  in  capital  appreciation,  we will make an equity
investment,  usually on a pari passu basis with our joint  venturer,  and make a
loan (senior or junior) to the venture.  The  organizational  documents of joint
ventures in which we participate as an equity  participant  and a lender provide
for repayment of interest and  principal on the loan portion of the  transaction
before any distributions are made to the equity  participants.  At September 30,
2002, we had $6,956,000 invested in unconsolidated joint ventures and $4,154,000
in first mortgage loans and $3,975,000 in second  mortgage loans  outstanding to
these joint  ventures.  At September  30, 2002,  we had an equity  investment of
$1,526,000 in one consolidated joint venture.  Every mortgage loan made by us to
a joint venture in which we are an equity participant is secured by the property
owned by the venture.

     We have no fixed policy or  limitation  on the amount or  percentage of our
assets which we may invest in a single mortgage loan. Board approval is required
for each loan which exceeds  $10,000,000  in principal  amount.  During the year
ended  September  30,  2002  the  average  loan  originated  was   approximately
$2,575,000.  The largest loan originated in the 2002 fiscal year was $13,925,000
(of which  $10,366,000  is  currently  outstanding).  There  are no other  loans
outstanding to this borrower.

     Our lending activities are nationwide,  with loans outstanding at September
30, 2002 being  secured by  properties  located in 11 states and the District of
Columbia.  However,  the  focus  of  our  lending  activities  is the  New  York
metropolitan  area (including the counties of Nassau,  Suffolk and  Westchester)
and the states of  Connecticut  and New Jersey.  It is not our present intent to
originate or otherwise  invest in any mortgage loan secured by property  located
outside the United States and Puerto Rico.

     Loan  approvals  and approval of joint venture  investments  are based on a
review of  information  submitted  by the  proposed  borrower or proposed  joint
venturer,  and due  diligence  activities  by us,  including a site visit to the
property,  a  title  review  of  the  underlying  property,   in-house  property
evaluations, a review of the results of operations of the property or in case of
an acquisition by our borrower a review of the borrower's  projected  results of
operations  for the  property,  and a review of the  financial  condition of the
prospective  borrower.  Final  approval  by a  loan  committee  made  up of  our
executive  officers must be obtained before a commitment is issued. In addition,
in most instances,  we receive an  environmental  study which is paid for by the
potential  borrower.  We do not require a property  appraisal by an  independent
appraiser.

     We use our own capital for investing in mortgage loans and joint  ventures.
In addition,  we have  arranged a credit  facility  with North Fork Bank to make
funds available for real estate  mortgage  lending.  Under the Credit  Facility,
North Fork Bank makes  available up to  $15,000,000  on a revolving  basis.  The
maximum amount which can be outstanding  under the Credit Facility is the lesser
of 60% of  first  mortgages  pledged  to  North  Fork  Bank  as  collateral  and
$15,000,000,  but no more than 20% principal  amount of the pledged loans may be
on properties  located outside of the New York metropolitan area (defined in the
loan  agreement  as New York,  New Jersey,  Connecticut  and  Pennsylvania).  At
September 30, 2002, $12,191,000 was available under the facility,  $5,500,000 of
which was  outstanding.  Since September 30, 2002 and through December 10, 2002,
the entire principal  amount has been repaid and we have  $12,318,000  available
under this facility.  We have entered into  negotiations with North Fork Bank to
expand the credit  facility and revise certain terms.  We have no assurance that
our negotiations will be successful in any respect. The current facility matures
on August 1, 2004,  with two one year  extensions  available  to us.  Borrowings
under  the  facility  bear  interest  at prime  plus 1/2 of 1%,  but the rate is
reduced to prime if certain  compensating balance requirements are met. The loan
agreement  contains  certain  affirmative  and negative  covenants,  including a
minimum net worth  requirement of  $50,000,000  (as defined) and a required debt
coverage ratio. We are in compliance with all covenants.

     We also have the ability to borrow under a margin line of credit maintained
with Prudential Financial  Incorporated secured by the shares of stock we own in
EPR. At September 30, 2002 we had $9,245,000  outstanding under this facility at
an  interest  rate of 3.875% per annum.  At  December  10,  2002  $5,181,000  is
outstanding  under the margin  facility.  Use of leverage  increases our yields,
since the  spreads  between the  interest  paid by us on the credit line and the
margin  credit  line and the  interest  paid to us by a borrower  can range from
approximately 5% to 10%.

     The mortgage loans which we originate are usually with full recourse to our
borrowers,  but are not insured,  in whole or in part, as to collectability.  We
will obtain  either a personal  guarantee  or a "walk-away  guarantee"  from the
principal or principals of the borrower for most loans originated.  A "walk-away
guarantee"  provides in substance that the guarantee  terminates if the borrower
conveys  the  property  to us within a  negotiated  period of time  after a loan
default.  The  "walk-away  guarantee" is intended to provide an incentive to the
principals  of a  borrower  to deed a  property  to us, in lieu of  foreclosure,
thereby  eliminating  the need  for  foreclosure,  in  situations  in which  the
borrower runs the risk of losing the property in a  foreclosure  and the further
risk of being  personally  responsible on his guaranty for any short fall in the
amount we recover in the foreclosure proceeding.

     Loan defaults  will reduce our current  return and may require us to become
involved in  expensive  and time  consuming  procedures,  including  foreclosure
and/or  bankruptcy  proceedings.  In the event of a default by the borrower on a
mortgage  loan, we will foreclose the mortgage or seek to protect our investment
through  negotiations with the borrower or other interested  parties,  which may
involve further cash outlays. During a mortgage foreclosure proceeding,  we will
usually  not  receive   interest   payments  under  our  mortgage.   Foreclosure
proceedings in certain jurisdictions can take a considerable period of time (two
years  or more in many  instances).  In  addition,  if the  borrower  files  for
protection  under the federal  bankruptcy laws during the  foreclosure  process,
delays  may be  longer.  In a  foreclosure  proceeding,  we will  seek to have a
receiver  appointed by the Court or an independent  third party property manager
appointed (with the borrower's agreement) in order to preserve the rental income
stream and provide for the maintenance of the property. At the conclusion of the
foreclosure or negotiated workout process (after the property is sold at auction
to a third party  purchaser,  acquired by us, or the workout  process results in
the borrower or its designee  retaining the  property) the amounts  collected by
the  receiver or the third party  manager,  less costs and expenses of operating
the property and the receiver's or manager's  fees, are usually paid over to us.
Except for a non-earning  loan paid off in full subsequent to September 30, 2002
which  was in  foreclosure,  no  foreclosure  proceedings  commenced  by us were
pending at September 30, 2002.

     In  instances  in  which we  invest  in  junior  mortgage  loans or  junior
participations  in existing loans or invest in wrap-around  loans, the mortgages
securing our loans are  subordinate  to the liens of senior  mortgages or senior
participations.  At September  30, 2002  approximately  31% of BRT's real estate
mortgages  ($26,489,000  principal amount) were represented by junior mortgages,
junior  participations  or wrap-around  mortgage loans. In certain cases, we may
find it advisable to make  additional  payments in order to maintain the current
status of prior liens or to discharge  them entirely or to make working  capital
advances to support current operations. It is possible that the amount which may
be recovered by us in cases in which we hold a junior lien (including the junior
position in a wrap around mortgage) or a junior  participation  may be less than
our total investment, less allowances for possible losses, and we could lose our
entire investment in that mortgage.

Current Loan Status
-------------------

     Our lending activities focus on income producing  properties  (multi-family
residential properties,  residential  condominiums,  office buildings,  shopping
centers,  mixed use buildings,  hotels/motels and industrial  buildings).  As of
September 30, 2002 we had 43 mortgage loans in our mortgage portfolio,  totaling
$84,527,000 in aggregate  principal amount and $83,646,000  after allowances for
possible  losses of  $881,000  (against  three  loans).  During  the year  ended
September 30, 2002 $61,779,000 of mortgage loans were originated or acquired and
$45,180,000  of  outstanding  loans were repaid in whole or in part or sold. The
three largest mortgage loans  outstanding at September 30, 2002 represent 8.45%,
7.68% and 6.11%,  respectively,  of our total  assets.  No other  mortgage  loan
accounted for more than 5% of our total assets at September 30, 2002.

     Loan  originations  are generated and senior or junior loan  participations
are  acquired  by us in a number  of  ways.  To a large  extent,  we rely on the
relationships  developed by our officers with real estate investors,  commercial
real estate brokers, and mortgage brokers and bankers. In addition, we advertise
our programs and  activities  in real estate  publications  and journals and our
executive  officers and loan  originators  attend industry  activities and trade
shows. We have experienced a great deal of repeat business with our borrowers.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    Information regarding our mortgage loans outstanding at September 30, 2002:

                                                                          Prior         No. of
                                                      Total (1)           Liens         Loans
                                                      ---------           -----         -----
<S>                                                 <C>                <C>               <C>

First Mortgage Loans:
     Long-term:
          Residential                               $ 3,614,000                           4
    Short-term (five years or less):
          Shopping centers/retail                    14,803,000                           6
          Industrial  buildings                       4,100,000                           2
          Office buildings                            8,959,000                           5
          Residential                                22,948,000                          14
          Hotel                                       3,614,000                           2

Second Mortgage Loans,
     wraparound mortgages and
     junior participations:
         Residential                                 25,464,000         98,916,000  (2)   7
         Retail                                         475,000          2,576,000        2
         Office                                         550,000          3,862,000        1
                                                    -----------                          --
                                                   $ 84,527,000                          43

     (1)  Except for a loan in the  outstanding  amount of  $415,000,  all loans
outstanding at September 30, 2002 were earning  interest.  The $415,000 loan was
repaid in full subsequent to September 30, 2002.

     (2)  Includes  the  $7,500,000  underlying  first  mortgage  position  of a
wraparound mortgage.
</TABLE>


     At September 30, 2002, we had  allowances  for possible  losses on our real
estate mortgage  portfolio of $881,000.  The allowances were on 3 mortgage loans
with a total  principal  balance  outstanding of $7,220,000.  In determining the
allowance  for possible  loan  losses,  we take into  account  numerous  factors
including a market  evaluation  of the  underlying  collateral,  the  underlying
property's estimated cash flow during the projected holding period and estimated
sales  value  computed  by  applying  an  expected  capitalization  rate  to the
stabilized net operating income of the specific property, less estimated selling
costs.  We also take into  account  the extent of  liquidity  in the real estate
industry, particularly in the New York metropolitan area where approximately 37%
of our portfolio is located.  Management  monitors a borrower's  performance and
compliance  with the loan  documents and where we hold a junior lien, we monitor
the  status of  payments  to the first  mortgagee  and real  estate  taxes.  Our
management  reviews the loan  portfolio  on a quarterly  basis to  determine  if
allowances are needed.

     When a mortgage loan is in default,  we may acquire the underlying property
through  foreclosure  or may take other legal  action as is necessary to protect
our  investment.  In negotiated  workouts we seek to acquire title to a property
and in certain cases in the past we have  afforded the borrower the  opportunity
to reacquire the property within a specified period of time at a fixed price.

Investment in EPR
-----------------

     As of September 30, 2002, we owned 1,355,600 common shares of Entertainment
Properties Trust (NYSE:EPR),  constituting approximately 7.89% of the 17,176,830
common  shares  of EPR  outstanding.  The  shares  were  purchased  for a  total
consideration of $17,806,000,  or an average cost of $13.14 per share. The value
of this  investment was  $29,959,000,  or $22.10 per share,  as of September 30,
2002 ($23.60 per share as of December 10, 2002).  In calendar  2002, EPR paid or
declared cash dividends to  shareholders at a quarterly rate of $.475 per share,
providing us with an annual yield of 14.46% on our book cost.

     EPR's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2001 states
the following with respect to EPR's business:

     "Entertainment  Properties  Trust (the 'Company') was formed on August 22,
1997 as a Maryland real estate  investment  trust  ('REIT') to capitalize on the
opportunities  created  by the  development  of  destination  entertainment  and
entertainment-related  properties,  including  megaplex movie theatre complexes.
The Company completed an initial public offering ('IPO') of its common shares of
beneficial  interest  ('Shares') on November 18, 1997.  The Company is the first
publicly-traded  REIT  formed  exclusively  to invest  in  entertainment-related
properties.

     The Company is a  self-administered  REIT.  As of December  31,  2001,  the
Company's real estate  portfolio was comprised  primarily of 26 megaplex theatre
properties,  including one joint venture property, located in eleven states, one
entertainment-themed  related center ('ETRC') located in Westminister,  Colorado
and land parcels leased to restaurant  operators and related properties adjacent
to several of its theatre  properties.  The  Company's  theatre  properties  are
leased to leading  theatre  operators,  including  American  Multi-Cinema,  Inc.
('AMC'), a subsidiary of AMC Entertainment,  Inc. ('AMCE'), Muvico Entertainment
LLC  ('Muvico'),  Edwards  Theatre  Circuits,  Inc.  ('Edwards'),   Consolidated
Theatres ('Consolidated') and Loews Cineplex Entertainment (Loews).

     The Company  believes  entertainment  is an important  sector of the retail
real estate  industry and that, as a result of the Company's focus on properties
in this  sector  and the  industry  relationships  of its  management,  it has a
competitive  advantage  in  providing  capital to  operators  of these  types of
properties.  The  principal  business  strategy  of the  Company is to  continue
acquiring    high-quality     properties    leased    to    entertainment    and
entertainment-related  business operators,  generally under long-term triple-net
leases that require the tenant to pay substantially all expenses associated with
the operation and maintenance of the property.

     Megaplex  theatres  typically have at least 14 screens with stadium - style
seating (seating with elevation  between rows to provide  unobstructed  viewing)
and are equipped with amenities that significantly  enhance the audio and visual
experience  of the patron.  The Company  believes  the  development  of megaplex
theatres has  accelerated  the  obsolesce  of many  existing  movie  theatres by
setting new standards for movie-goers,  who, in the Company's  experience,  have
demonstrated  their  preference  for the  more  attractive  surroundings,  wider
variety of films and superior  customer service typical of megaplex theatres . .
.

     The Company expects the development of megaplex theatres to continue in the
United States and abroad for the foreseeable future. With the development of the
stadium  style  megaplex  theatre as the  preeminent  store or format for cinema
exhibition,   the  older   generation  of  flat-floor   theaters  has  generally
experienced a significant downturn in attendance and performance. As a result of
the significant capital commitment involved in building these new properties and
the  experience  and industry  relationships  of the Company's  management,  the
Company  believes it will continue to have  opportunities  to provide capital to
businesses that seek to develop and operate these properties but would prefer to
lease  rather  than own the  properties.  The  Company  believes  its ability to
finance  these  properties  will enable it to continue to grow and diversify its
asset base . . . "

     Discussion  in this Form 10K of the business of EPR is taken  verbatim from
EPR's Form 10-K for the year ended  December  31,  2001.  We have only  included
those  portions  of the  Annual  Report of EPR which we  deemed  relevant  to an
understanding of the business of EPR, and the above discussion of EPR's business
is  qualified in its entirety by reference to EPR's Form 10K for the year ending
December 31, 2001,  (including a discussion  of the Risk Factors  applicable  to
EPR's business,  operations and industry,  the financial  statements of EPR, and
Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations),  as well as all Form 10Q's and Form 8K's filed by EPR since January
1, 2002. We have not  independently  verified any of the  information  contained
therein or herein with respect to EPR and we disclaim any responsibility for the
accuracy  or  completeness  thereof.  We  have  no  knowledge  of the  business,
financial  condition or results of operations of EPR, other than as set forth in
the reports filed by EPR with the Securities and Exchange Commission,  published
industry  reports  related to the  exhibition  of motion  pictures  and analysts
reports relating to EPR.

Competition
-----------

     With  respect  to our  real  estate  lending  activities,  we  compete  for
acceptable  investments  with other REITs,  commercial  banks,  savings and loan
associations, conduits, pension funds, public and private lending companies, and
mortgage banking firms.  Competition for mortgage loans,  particularly mortgages
secured by multi-family  residential  properties,  is highly  competitive,  with
lenders competing on rate, fees,  amounts committed,  term and service.  Many of
our competitors  possess greater  financial and other resources than we have. We
compete by offering  rapid response time in terms of approval and closing and by
offering "no  prepayment  penalty" loans and we may offer a higher loan to value
ratio than institutional competitors.



Employees
---------

     We  share  executive,   administrative,   legal,  accounting  and  clerical
personnel  with  several  affiliated  companies,  including,  among others Gould
Investors  L.P., a  partnership  involved in the  ownership  and  operation of a
diversified  portfolio of commercial  real estate,  and One Liberty  Properties,
Inc.,  an equity REIT which owns a  diversified  portfolio  of real estate under
long-term leases (substantially all "net leases").  Jeffrey Gould, our President
and  Chief  Executive  Officer,  George  Zweier,  our  Vice-President  and Chief
Financial  Officer,  two officers  engaged in loan  origination and underwriting
activities and one person engaged in  administrative  activities  devote all, or
substantially  all, of their  business  time to our company.  The balance of the
other  persons who devote  time to our  activities,  do so on a part-time  basis
pursuant to a Shared  Services  Agreement under which their payroll is allocated
among the entities which are parties to the Shared  Services  Agreement based on
time  devoted  to the  affairs of the  participating  parties.  We believe  this
sharing agreement provides us with access to senior executives and professionals
with substantial  experience in the real estate and lending areas that a company
of our size would not otherwise be able to afford.

     In addition,  we have entered into an agreement with REIT Management  Corp.
pursuant to which REIT Management  Corp. acts as our advisor.  REIT  Management,
subject to supervision of our Board of Trustees,  participates  in  originating,
investigating  and  evaluating  loans  and  investment  opportunities,   directs
negotiations  in workout  situations  with respect to non-earning and delinquent
loans and supervises and provides support services in litigation activities.

     We engage  entities,  including  entities  affiliated  with REIT Management
Corp., to manage properties (including cooperative apartments) acquired by us in
foreclosure  or deed in lieu of  foreclosure  and some of the joint  ventures in
which we have an equity interest.  The management services include,  among other
things,   rent  billing  and  collection,   property   maintenance,   contractor
negotiation,  construction management, sales, leasing and mortgage brokerage. In
management's  judgment,  the fees paid to REIT  Management  Corp.  and  entities
affiliated  with REIT Management  Corp. are  competitive  with or less than fees
that would be charged for comparable services by unrelated entities.

Risk Factors
------------

The following risks are applicable to our business activities.

     Loan Defaults - Loan defaults will result in a decrease in interest  income
and an increase in loan loss reserves. The decrease in interest income resulting
from loan  defaults may be for a prolonged  period of time as we seek to recover
the principal  balance and accrued interest due to us (plus default interest and
our  legal  costs)  in  expensive  and  time  consuming  proceedings,  including
foreclosure actions and bankruptcy and reorganization proceedings.  The decrease
in interest  income and the costs  involved in seeking to recover the amount due
to us will  reduce  the  amount  of cash  available  to meet our  expenses.  The
decrease in interest  income  combined with increases in loan loss reserves will
have an adverse  impact on our net  income,  taxable  income  and  shareholders'
equity.  The  decrease  could also have an adverse  impact on the amount of cash
distributions  paid by us to our shareholders and our ability to continue to pay
cash distributions.

     Our  primary  source of  recovery  in the event a loan  default is the real
property underlying a defaulted loan and therefore the value of our loan depends
upon the value of the  underlying  real  property.  This value is  dependent  on
numerous factors outside of our control, including national,  regional and local
business and economic  conditions,  government  economic policies,  the level of
interest rates,  and non performance of lease  obligations by tenants  occupying
space at the underlying real property.

     Potential  Breach of Net Worth  Covenant - If a  significant  number of our
mortgage  loans are in default and/or a  recessionary  environment  exists under
which generally  accepted  accounting  principles  require us to take provisions
against  our loans or against  our real  estate  assets,  our net worth could be
materially adversely affected, which could result in our net worth falling below
the  $50,000,000  minimum  net worth  covenant  contained  in the credit line we
maintain  with North Fork Bank.  The  definition of net worth in our credit line
agreement  does not give effect to any  securities  owned by us,  including  our
ownership of shares of EPR.  Our net worth at September  30, 2002 as computed in
accordance with the credit agreement was $83,113,000.

     A breach by us of the net worth  covenant  would place us in default  under
our loan  agreement  with North Fork Bank and if the Bank  called a default  and
required us to repay the full amount  outstanding  under the loan agreement,  we
could be required to dispose of assets in a rapid  fashion,  which could have an
adverse impact on the amounts we would receive on such disposition.  If we could
not dispose of assets in a timely fashion to the  satisfaction  of the Bank, the
Bank could foreclose on all or any portion of our loan portfolio  pledged to the
Bank as  collateral,  which  could  result in loans  being  disposed of at below
market values.  Disposition of loans at below our carrying value would adversely
affect net income, further reduce our net worth and adversely affect our ability
to pay cash distributions to shareholders.

     Inability  of our  Borrowers  to  Refinance  or Sell  the  Underlying  Real
Property  - A  majority  of  our  mortgage  portfolio  is  short  term  and  the
preponderance  of our  portfolio  is due within five  years.  In  addition,  our
borrowers are required to pay all or substantially  all of the principal balance
of the loan at  maturity,  in most  cases  with  little  or no  amortization  of
principal  over the term of the  loan.  Accordingly,  in order to  satisfy  this
obligation,  at the maturity of a loan a borrower  will be required to refinance
or sell the  property  or  otherwise  raise a  substantial  amount of cash.  The
ability to refinance or sell or otherwise raise a substantial  amount of cash is
dependent  upon factors  which  neither we nor our  borrowers  control,  such as
national,  local and  regional  business  and  economic  conditions,  government
economic  policies and the level of interest rates. If a borrower is not able to
pay the balance due at maturity, and we are not willing to extend or restructure
the loan, we will in most cases be required to foreclose on the property,  which
is expensive and time consuming and would adversely affect our net income,  cash
flow, shareholders' equity and our cash distributions to shareholders.

     Subordinate  Loans - At  September  30, 2002 10 of our loans,  constituting
$26,489,000  in  principal  amount,  or 31% of the  carrying  value  of our loan
portfolio,  were junior mortgage loans, junior  participations in mortgage loans
or wrap around mortgages.  Because of their subordinate  position,  junior liens
carry  a  greater   credit  risk  than  senior  lien   financing,   including  a
substantially greater risk of non-payment of interest or principal. A decline in
real  estate  values in the region in which the  underlying  property is located
could  adversely  affect the value of our  collateral,  so that the  outstanding
balance of senior liens may exceed the value of the underlying property.

     In the event of a default of a junior lien,  we may elect to make  payments
to the  senior  mortgage  holder,  if we have the  right  to do so,  in order to
prevent  foreclosure of the senior  position.  In certain  situations we may not
have the right to elect to make payments to the senior position,  and the senior
lienholder  may  refuse  to  allow  us to  make  any  such  payments.  In such a
situation,  or if we elect not to make  payments even if we have the right to do
so, the senior  lienholder may foreclose;  in which event we will be entitled to
share in the proceeds  only after  amounts due to senior  lienholders  have been
paid in full. This can result in the loss of part or all of our investment.


     Loans  may have  High  Loan to  Value  Ratios - The loan to value  ratio of
certain  of our loans  exceeds  80% (loan to value is the ratio of the amount of
our  loan,  plus any  senior  indebtedness,  to the  value of the real  property
underlying  the loan  (as  determined  by our own  in-house  procedures).  It is
possible that an evaluation  by us of one or more  properties  may be excessive.
The higher the loan to value  ratio,  the greater the risk that upon default the
amount  obtainable  from a foreclosure or bankruptcy sale may be insufficient to
repay the loan.  In addition we may find it necessary to acquire the property at
a  foreclosure  sale or bankruptcy  auction,  in which event we assume the risks
(and realize any benefits) which may be derived from ownership.

     Lack of Geographical  Diversification - Our lending  activities are focused
on the New York Metropolitan Area, New Jersey and Connecticut,  although we will
originate  and  hold for  investment  loans  secured  by real  property  located
anywhere in the United  States and Puerto Rico.  We  anticipate  that this focus
will   continue  for  the   foreseeable   future.   The  lack  of   geographical
diversification  may make our  mortgage  portfolio  more  sensitive  to local or
regional  economic  conditions,  which may result in higher  default  rates than
might be incurred if our portfolio was more geographically diverse.

     Competition  for Loans - We encounter  significant  competition  from other
REITS, banks, conduits,  pension funds, public and private lending companies and
mortgage bankers. At times we have to compete based on yield, which could reduce
our  returns.  We seek to compete by offering  rapid  response  time in terms of
approval and closing.  In addition,  the real estate  expertise of our executive
group   provides  us  with  the  ability  to  understand   and  structure   loan
transactions. However, many of our competitors have substantially greater assets
than we do and therefore  have the ability to make larger loans.  An increase in
funds available to lenders,  or a decrease in borrowing  activity,  may increase
competition  for making  loans and may result in loans  available to us having a
greater risk.

     Real  Property  Risks - We are  subject  to the  general  risks of the real
estate  market.  These  include  adverse  changes in general and local  economic
conditions,  neighborhood  values,  demographics,  retailing  trends and traffic
patterns, competitive overbuilding, casualty losses and other factors beyond our
control. The value of the collateral underlying our loans as well as real estate
owned by us and by joint ventures in which we participate  may also be adversely
affected by factors such as the cost of complying with regulations and liability
under applicable  environmental laws, interest rate changes and the availability
of financing.  Income from a commercial or multifamily residential property will
also be adversely  affected if a significant number of tenants are unable to pay
rent, if tenants  terminate or cancel  leases,  or if available  space cannot be
rented  on  favorable  terms.   Operating  and  other  expenses  of  properties,
particularly  significant expenses such as real estate taxes,  maintenance costs
and casualty  and  liability  insurance  costs,  generally do not decrease  when
income decreases and even if revenues increase, operating and other expenses may
increase faster than revenues.

     All of our  borrowers  obtain,  for our  benefit,  comprehensive  insurance
covering  the  property  collateralizing  our loan in an amount  intended  to be
sufficient to provide for the  replacement of the  improvement at each property.
In addition,  joint ventures in which we are a participant  carry  comprehensive
insurance covering the property owned by the venture for the replacement cost of
the  improvements  at such  property and we carry  insurance for such purpose on
properties owned by us. However, the amount of insurance coverage maintained for
any  property  may not be  sufficient  to pay the full  replacement  cost of the
improvement  following a casualty  event.  In addition,  the rent loss  coverage
under a policy may not  extend for the full  period of time that a tenant may be
entitled  to a rent  abatement  that is a result of, or that may be  required to
complete restoration following, a casualty event. In addition, there are certain
types of losses, such as those arising from earthquakes,  floods, hurricanes and
terrorist  attacks  that  may be  uninsurable  or that  may not be  economically
insurable.  Changes  in zoning,  building  codes and  ordinances,  environmental
considerations  and other  factors may make it impossible  for our  borrower,  a
joint  venture or us, as the case may be, to use  insurance  proceeds to replace
damaged or destroyed  improvements  at a  property.  If any of these or  similar
events occur,  the amount of coverage may not be sufficient to replace a damaged
or  destroyed  property  and/or  to repay in full the  amount  due on all  loans
collateralized by such property and,  therefore,  may reduce our returns and the
value of our investment.

Other Risk Factors
------------------

     Senior  Management  and Key  Personnel are Critical to our Business and our
Future  Success  may Depend on our  Ability to Retain  Them.  - We depend on the
services of Fredric H. Gould,  Chairman of our Board of Trustees,  Jeffrey Gould
our  President  and Chief  Executive  Officer,  and other  members of our senior
management to carry out business and investment strategies.  Only four officers,
Jeffrey Gould, George Zweier, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  David
Heiden and Mitchell Gould,  Vice Presidents,  devote  substantially all of their
business time to our company.  The remainder of our management  personnel  share
their services on a part-time basis with entities affiliated with us and located
in the same executive  offices under a Shared Services  Agreement.  In addition,
Jeffrey  Gould  devotes  a  limited  amount  of his  business  time to  entities
affiliated with us. As we grow our business,  we will need to attract and retain
qualified  senior  management and other key  personnel,  both on a full-time and
part-time  basis.  The loss of the services of any of our senior  management  or
other key personnel or our inability to recruit and retain  qualified  personnel
in the  future,  could  impair  our  ability to carry out our  business  and our
investment strategies.

     Relationships  and  Transactions  with  Affiliates   Involve  Conflicts  of
Interest - Entities  affiliated with us and with certain of our officers provide
services  to us and on our behalf and we intend to  continue  the  relationships
with such entities in the future. For a description of our current relationships
and  transactions  with  affiliates,   please  see  the  information  under  the
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations - Certain  Transactions".  These relationships and transactions raise
conflicts  of interest and  although we seek to have such  services  provided by
affiliates at competitive market (or below market) rates, there is the potential
that we may not receive  terms in these  transactions  as  favorable as those we
would receive if the services were provided by unaffiliated entities.

     We May  Have  Less  Control  of our  Investment  When We  Invest  in  Joint
Ventures.  - We have made  loans to and  acquired  an equity  interest  in joint
ventures that own income  producing real  property.  Our  co-venturers  may have
different  interests or goals than we do or our  co-venturers may not be able or
willing to take an action that is desired by us. If we or our co-venturers  have
a disagreement  with respect to the  activities of the joint  venture,  it could
result in a substantial  diversion of time and effort by our management team and
could result in one of the  co-venturers  (including us) exercising the buy/sell
provision contained in our joint venture organizational  documents. In addition,
since there is no limitation under our organizational documents as to the amount
of funds that may be invested  in joint  ventures,  we may invest a  substantial
amount of our funds in joint ventures which  ultimately may not be profitable as
a result of disagreement with or among co-venturers.

     We Cannot  Assure our Ability to Pay Dividends in the Future - We intend to
pay  quarterly  cash  distributions  and  to  make  cash  distributions  to  our
shareholders in amounts such that all or substantially all of our taxable income
in each year,  subject to  adjustments,  is  distributed.  This along with other
factors  should enable us to qualify for the tax benefits  afforded a REIT under
the Internal  Revenue Code. We have not established a minimum cash  distribution
payment  level  and our  ability  to pay  cash  distributions  may be  adversely
affected by the risk factors  described  above. All cash  distributions  will be
made at the  discretion  of our Board of Trustees and will depend on our taxable
earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our REIT status and such other
factors as our Board of Trustees may deem relevant from time-to-time.  We cannot
give any assurance that we will be able to pay cash distributions in the future.

Risks Related to the REIT Industry
----------------------------------

     Failure  to  Qualify  as a  REIT  Would  Result  in  Material  Adverse  Tax
Consequence and Would Significantly Reduce Cash Available for Distributions - We
believe  that we have  operated  so as to qualify  as a REIT under the  Internal
Revenue  Code  since our  organization.  Qualification  as a REIT  involves  the
application  of  technical  and  complex  legal  provisions  for which there are
limited  judicial  and  administrative  interpretations.  The  determination  of
various factual matters and circumstances not entirely in our control may affect
our ability to qualify as a REIT.  In addition,  no assurance  can be given that
legislation, new regulations,  administrative interpretations or court decisions
will not  significantly  change the tax laws with respect to  qualification as a
REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification.

     If we fail to qualify as a REIT,  we will be subject to federal,  state and
local  income tax  (including  any  applicable  alternative  minimum tax) on our
taxable income at regular  corporate  rates and would not be allowed a deduction
in computing our taxable  income for amounts  distributed  to  shareholders.  In
addition, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, we would
be  disqualified  from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years  following
the year during which the qualification is lost. The additional tax would reduce
significantly  our net  income  and the  cash  available  for  distributions  to
shareholders.

     We are Subject to Certain Distribution  Requirements that May Result in our
Having to Borrow Funds at Unfavorable Rates. - To obtain favorable tax treatment
associated with being a REIT, we generally will be required, among other things,
to distribute to our  shareholders  at least 90% of our ordinary  taxable income
(excluding  capital  gains) each year.  In addition,  we will be subject to a 4%
non-deductible excise tax, on the amount, if any, by which certain distributions
paid by us with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our
ordinary  income,   95%  of  our  capital  gain  net  income  and  100%  of  our
undistributed  income from prior  years.  As a result of  differences  in timing
between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses,  and the inclusion of
such income and the  deduction of such  expenses in arriving at taxable  income,
and the affect of non-deductible capital expenditures,  the creation of reserves
and the timing of required debt service (including amortization payments) we may
need to borrow  funds on a short-term  basis in order to make the  distributions
necessary to retain the tax benefits  associated with qualifying as a REIT, even
if the  prevailing  market  conditions  are not  generally  favorable  for  such
borrowings.  Such borrowings  could reduce our net income and the cash available
for distributions to the holders of our beneficial shares.

     Compliance  with REIT  Requirements  May  Hinder Our  Ability  to  Maximize
Profits - In order to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must
continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, our sources of income,
the amounts we distribute to our shareholders and the ownership of our stock. We
may  also  be  required  to  make  cash   distributions   to   shareholders   at
disadvantageous  times  or when  we do not  have  funds  readily  available  for
distribution.  Accordingly,  compliance  with REIT  requirements  may hinder our
ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits.

     In order to qualify as a REIT,  we must also insure that at the end of each
calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash
items,  government  securities  and  qualified  REIT  real  estate  assets.  The
remainder of our  investment in securities  cannot  include more than 10% of the
outstanding  voting  securities  of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total
value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, no more than
5% of the value of our assets can consist of the  securities  of any one issuer,
other  than  a  qualified  REIT  security.  If we  fail  to  comply  with  these
requirements,  we must  dispose of a portion of our assets  within 30 days after
the end of the  calendar  quarter in order to avoid  losing our REIT  status and
suffering adverse tax  consequences.  This requirement could cause us to dispose
of assets for consideration  which is less than the true value and could lead to
a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

<PAGE>


                        EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRANT
                        --------------------------------

     The following sets forth our executive  officers.  The business  history of
officers  who are also  Trustees  will be provided in our proxy  statement to be
filed pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than January 28, 2003.

Name                                               Office
----                                               ------

Fredric H. Gould (*)            Chairman of the Board of Trustees

Jeffrey A. Gould (*)            President  and Chief Executive Officer; Trustee

Simeon Brinberg (**)            Senior Vice President; Secretary

Matthew J. Gould (*)            Senior Vice President; Trustee

David  W. Kalish                Senior Vice President, Finance

George E. Zweier                Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

Mark H. Lundy (**)              Vice President

Israel Rosenzweig               Senior Vice President

Seth D. Kobay                   Vice President; Treasurer

David Heiden                    Vice President

Mitchell K. Gould               Vice President

         (*)Fredric H. Gould is Jeffrey A. and Matthew J. Gould's father.

         (**) Simeon Brinberg is Mark H. Lundy's father-in-law.

     Simeon  Brinberg  (age 69) has been  Secretary  since 1983 and Senior  Vice
President  since 1988. In October,  1988 Mr. Brinberg became a Vice President of
Georgetown Partners,  Inc., the managing general partner of Gould Investors L.P.
Gould Investors L.P. is primarily engaged in the ownership and operation of real
estate properties held for investment.  In June, 1989 he became a Vice President
of One Liberty  Properties,  Inc., a real estate investment trust engaged in the
ownership  of "net leased" real  property.  Mr.  Brinberg is a member of the New
York Bar and was engaged in the private practice of law for approximately thirty
years prior to joining us in 1988.

     David W. Kalish (age 55) was Vice  President  and Chief  Financial  Officer
from June,  1990 until August,  1998.  Since August,  1998,  Mr. Kalish has been
Senior Vice President,  Finance. He has also been Chief Financial Officer of One
Liberty  Properties,  Inc. and Georgetown  Partners,  Inc. since June, 1990. For
more than five  years  prior to June,  1990,  Mr.  Kalish,  a  certified  public
accountant, was a partner of Buchbinder Tunick & Company, and its predecessors.

     George E. Zweier  (age 38) has been  employed by us since June 1998 and was
elected  Vice  President,   Chief  Financial   Officer  in  August,   1998.  For
approximately  five years prior to joining us, Mr.  Zweier,  a certified  public
accountant,  was an  accounting  officer  with the  Bank of  Tokyo -  Mitsubishi
Limited,  in New York and for more  than  five  years  prior  thereto  he was an
accounting and audit officer with the Dime Savings Bank of New York,  Uniondale,
New York.

     Mark H. Lundy (age 40) has been a Vice  President  since 1993.  He has been
Secretary of One Liberty Properties, Inc. since June, 1993 and he also serves as
a Vice  President  of One Liberty  Properties,  Inc.  Mr.  Lundy has been a Vice
President of Georgetown  Partners,  Inc. since July, 1990. He is a member of the
bars of New York and Washington, D.C.

     Israel  Rosenzweig  (age 55) has been a Senior Vice President  since April,
1998. Mr. Rosenzweig has been a Vice President of Georgetown Partners,  Inc. and
One Liberty  Properties,  Inc. since May, 1997. From December 1993 to April 1997
Mr.  Rosenzweig was Executive  Vice President and a Director of Bankers  Federal
FSB, which was acquired by Dime Savings Bank in April, 1997. He is a Director of
Nautica Enterprises, Inc.

     Seth D. Kobay (age 48) has been a Vice President and Treasurer  since March
1994. In addition,  Mr. Kobay, a certified public accountant,  has been the Vice
President of Operations of Georgetown Partners, Inc. for more than the past five
years and is a Vice President and Treasurer of One Liberty Properties, Inc.

     David  Heiden (age 37) has been  employed by us since  April,  1998 and has
been a Vice  President  since  March,  1999.  From May 1997 until April 1998 Mr.
Heiden was an associate at GMAC Commercial  Mortgage  engaged in originating and
underwriting  commercial real estate loans for securitization.  He is a licensed
real estate appraiser and real estate broker.

     Mitchell  K. Gould  (age 30) has been  employed  by us since May,  1998 and
became a Vice President in March, 1999. From January 1998 until May, 1998 he was
employed by Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. where he was engaged in originating and
underwriting commercial real estate loans for securitization.  For approximately
four years prior thereto Mr. Gould was a loan officer with North Fork Bank.  Mr.
Gould is President  of the  Metropolitan  Mortgage  Officers  Association  and a
director of the Young Mortgage Bankers Assocation.


Item 2.  Properties.
         -----------

     Our executive  offices are located at 60 Cutter Mill Road,  Great Neck, New
York,  where we currently  occupy  approximately  12,000  square feet with Gould
Investors L.P., REIT Management  Corp., One Liberty  Properties,  Inc. and other
related  entities.  The building in which the  executive  offices are located is
owned by a subsidiary  of Gould  Investors  L.P. We  contributed  $58,000 to the
annual rent of $348,000 paid by Gould Investors L.P., REIT Management Corp., One
Liberty  Properties,  Inc., and related entities in the year ended September 30,
2002.  We also lease under a direct lease with a subsidiary  of Gould  Investors
L.P. approximately 1,800 square feet directly adjacent to the 12,000 square feet
at an annual rental of $48,000.

     At  September  30,  2002,  we did  not own any  significant  real  property
(significant  meaning a property  with a book value  amounting to 10% or more of
our  total  assets).  It has been our  policy  to  operate,  with a view  toward
eventual sale,  all real estate assets  acquired by us in foreclosure or deed in
lieu of foreclosure. In Fiscal 2002, the only real estate assets sold by us were
shares and the related proprietary lease in one cooperative apartment sold for a
gain on  sale of  $200,000  and an  undeveloped  parcel  located  in  Cheltenham
Township Pennsylvania sold for a gain of $607,000.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.
         -----------------

         We are not a defendant in any material pending legal proceedings.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
         ---------------------------------------------------

     There were no matters submitted during the fourth quarter of the year ended
September 30, 2002 to a vote of our security holders.

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Matters
         -------------------------------------------------------------

     Our shares of Beneficial Interest  ("Beneficial  Shares") are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange.  The following  table shows for the periods  indicated,
the high and low sales  prices of the  Beneficial  Shares on the New York  Stock
Exchange as reported on the Composite  Tape and the per share  dividend paid for
the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Dividend
         Fiscal Year Ended September 30,             High               Low            Per Share
         -------------------------------             ----               ---            ---------
         <S>                                         <C>              <C>                <C>

         2002

         First Quarter                               $12.01            $ 9.90            $.24
         Second Quarter                               14.00             12.05             .26
         Third Quarter                                13.90             13.00             .26
         Fourth Quarter                               13.75             11.65             .28
         2001

         First Quarter                               $ 8.50              $7.63              -
         Second Quarter                                9.45               7.75              -
         Third Quarter                                10.75               8.50           $.22
         Fourth Quarter                               10.35               9.75            .22

</TABLE>

     As of  December 1, 2002 there were  approximately  872 holders of record of
our Beneficial Shares and approximately 2,550 shareholders.

     We  qualify  as a real  estate  investment  trust for  Federal  income  tax
purposes. In order to maintain that status, we are required to distribute to our
shareholders  at  least  90%  of our  annual  taxable  income.  As a  result  of
accumulated  tax  losses  in  prior  years  we were not  required  to make  cash
distributions  to maintain  our real estate  investment  trust  status until the
accumulated  tax losses had been fully used.  Accumulated  tax losses were fully
used in the quarter ending March 31, 2001 and  accordingly our Board of Trustees
authorized the resumption of cash distributions,  with the initial  distribution
being made on July 3, 2001 to record  holders of June 22,  2001.  The amount and
timing of future cash  distributions  will be at the  discretion of the Board of
Trustees and will depend upon our financial condition,  earnings, business plan,
cash flow and other factors.  Provided we are not in default of the  affirmative
and negative  covenants  contained in our credit agreement with North Fork Bank,
the credit agreement with North Fork Bank does not preclude the payment by us of
the cash  distributions  necessary  to  maintain  our  status  as a real  estate
investment trust for federal income tax purposes.
<PAGE>

Item 6.  Selected Financial Information
         ------------------------------

     The following table, not covered by the report of the independent auditors,
sets forth selected historical  financial data for each of the fiscal periods in
the  five  years  ended  September  30,  2002.  This  table  should  be  read in
conjunction  with the detailed  information and financial  statements  appearing
elsewhere herein.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      Fiscal Years Ended
                                                                         September 30,
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------

                                              2002              2001          2000             1999          1998
                                              ----              ----          ----             ----          ----

                                                         (In thousands, except for per share amounts)

<S>                                          <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>

Operating statement data:
Total revenues                               $17,972         $14,805        $10,886         $12,173       $10,197
Income before
  gain on sale of  real estate loans
  and real estate assets and
  available-for-sale securities               11,820           8,639          5,690           5,058         4,241
Net income                                    12,586          10,586          7,635          11,646        13,588
Income per
   beneficial share:
   Basic                                        1.71             1.47          1.07            1.63          1.72
   Diluted                                      1.68             1.45          1.05            1.61          1.71
Cash distribution per
   common share                                 1.04              .44             -               -             -
Balance sheet data:
Total assets                                 134,931         110,016         88,456          84,609        85,810
Earning real
   estate loans (1)                           84,112          67,513         40,413          44,682        51,175
Non-earning real
   estate loans (1)                              415             415          3,250               -             -
Real estate assets (1)                        13,529          13,708         12,325           6,765        17,235
Available-for-sale securities
  at market                                   31,178          24,030         16,310               -         3,364
Borrowed funds                                14,745           2,101             88             331         5,500
Loans and mortgages
    payable                                    2,745           2,804             -              841         8,494
Shareholders' equity                         114,291         101,872        85,147           80,624        69,747

     (1) Earning and  non-earning  loans and real  estate  assets are  presented
without  deduction of the related  allowance  for  possible  losses or valuation
allowance.

</TABLE>


Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
         ---------------------------------------------------------------
         Results of Operations
         ---------------------
Results of Operations
---------------------

2002 vs. 2001
-------------

     Interest  and fees on loans  increased  to  $11,897,000  for the year ended
September 30, 2002 as compared to $ 8,685,000  for the year ended  September 30,
2001. This increase of $ 3,212,000,  or 37%, was the result of several  factors,
the  largest  being a  $14,160,000  increase  in the  average  balance  of loans
outstanding  from $ 54,208,000  in the prior fiscal year to $  68,368,000.  This
caused an  increase in interest  income of $  1,722,000.  During the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2002, three  participating  loans were paid off resulting in
additional  interest income and fees of $ 1,306,000 and one  participating  loan
was extended  resulting in the  collection of additional  interest of $ 808,000.
During the year ended September 30, 2002 the average interest rate earned on the
loan portfolio  declined 31 basis points to 12.13% from the 12.44% earned on the
portfolio  in the fiscal year ended  September  30, 2001.  This  decline  caused
interest income to decrease by $171,000. The twelve month period ended September
30, 2001 includes $ 860,000 of  additional  interest  recognized  from two loans
that were paid off and $170,000 from non-performing  loans that were returned to
performing  status.  Fee income also  increased  $576,000 in the current  fiscal
year, primarily the result of increased loan originations and an increase in the
number of loans that were extended during the year.

     Operating income on real estate properties  increased $ 618,000, or 37%, to
$2,269,000  in the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2002 from $ 1,651,000 in the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2001. This increase, primarily rental income, is
attributable to our purchase of a leasehold interest in a commercial property in
the last  quarter of the fiscal  year ended  September  30,  2000 (which was not
fully  leased until the second  quarter of the 2001 fiscal  year) and  increased
rental income recognized on a residential property in New York City.

     The fiscal year ended  September  30, 2002 year was  favorably  affected by
$500,000 recognized from the recovery of a previously provided allowance related
to a loan that was  previously  impaired and was paid off in the current  fiscal
year.  There was no comparable  revenue item in the fiscal year ended  September
30, 2001.

     Equity in earnings of  unconsolidated  joint  ventures  declined by 35%, or
$315,000, from $ 889,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 to $574,000
in the fiscal year ended  September  30, 2002.  This decline was  primarily  the
result of a loss of $433,000 by a joint venture that was entered into during the
second half of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 and a decrease in income
of $292,000 at another joint  venture due to a decrease in sales of  cooperative
apartments by such venture.  These declines were  partially  offset by a gain of
$385,000  recognized by a joint venture upon the sale of a parcel of land during
the current fiscal year.

     Other,  primarily  investment  income,  declined  $848,000,  or  24%,  from
$3,580,000  in the fiscal year ended  September  30, 2001 to $ 2,732,000  in the
fiscal year ended  September 30, 2002.  During the prior fiscal year we received
$438,000 from a residual  interest we held in a venture.  This residual interest
resulted from the sale of a partnership interest in a prior year. There was also
a decrease in investment income due to a decline in the average balance in money
market and  treasury  investments  and in the average  rate earned on them.  The
average balance of these  investments  decreased  $5,674,000 from $11,187,000 in
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 to $ 5,513,000 in the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2002. This decline caused a $213,000 reduction in interest income.
A decline of  $281,000  resulted  from a  reduction  in the rate earned on these
investments  from 5.27% in the prior fiscal year to 1.74% in the current  fiscal
year.  These  declines  were offset by an $ 84,000  increase in the dividends we
received on our investments in REIT securities.

     Interest on borrowed funds  increased to $ 227,000 in the fiscal year ended
September  30, 2002 from  $53,000 in the fiscal year ended  September  30, 2001.
This increase of $ 174,000, or 328%, is due to an increase in the average amount
of borrowings  outstanding in the current  fiscal year.  The average  balance of
borrowings  outstanding  increased  $ 2,662,000  to $  3,126,000  in the current
fiscal year from $464,000 in the prior fiscal year.

     The Advisor's fee,  which is calculated  pursuant to agreement and is based
on  invested  assets,  increased  $ 222,000,  or 30%,  in the fiscal  year ended
September  30,  2002 to $  967,000  from $  745,000  in the  fiscal  year  ended
September 30, 2001.  During this period,  we  experienced  a higher  outstanding
balance of invested assets thereby causing an increase in the fee.

     Other  taxes  increased  by 82% to $  452,000  for the  fiscal  year  ended
September  30, 2002 from  $249,000 in the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2001.
The  increase in the current  fiscal year is the result of federal  excise taxes
which are based on taxable  income  generated but not yet  distributed.  We were
subject to these taxes  beginning  in the first  quarter of the  current  fiscal
year.  In the prior  fiscal  year the Trust was  subject  to  federal  and state
alternative  minimum  taxes  during the period  when we were  utilizing  our net
operating loss carry forwards.

     During the fiscal  year  ended  September  30,  2001 we  incurred  expenses
related to investment income of $575,000.  During this period we incurred legal,
printing, proxy solicitor fees and other expenses related to the solicitation of
proxies  to  vote  in  favor  of  our  nominee  to  the  Board  of  Trustees  of
Entertainment  Properties  Trust  (NYSE:EPR).  We own  7.89% of the  outstanding
shares of  Entertainment  Properties  Trust.  We did not  incur  any  investment
related expenses in the current fiscal year.

     Operating  expenses  relating to real estate  increased $ 330,000,  or 36%,
from $ 925,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 to $ 1,255,000 in the
fiscal  year  ended  September  30,  2002.  This  increase  is due to  increased
operating expenses at one of our operating properties.

     Gain on the sale of real estate loans and real estate properties  decreased
$ 1,130,000, or 58%, in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002. In the current
fiscal  year we  recognized  gains of  $807,000  from  the  sale of a parcel  of
unimproved land that we previously  acquired in foreclosure and from the sale of
a cooperative  apartment  unit. In the prior fiscal year we recognized  gains of
$1,937,000 from the sale of a residual interest in a partnership and the sale of
cooperative apartment units.

2001 vs. 2000
-------------

     Interest  and fees on loans  increased  to  $8,685,000  for the year  ended
September 30, 2001 as compared to $ 6,205,000  for the year ended  September 30,
2000. The increase of $ 2,480,000 was primarily the result of an increase in the
average  balance of loans  outstanding  during the year. The average  balance of
loans  increased from $ 43,075,000 in fiscal 2000 to $ 54,208,000 in fiscal 2001
causing an increase in interest income of $ 1,386,000. During the fiscal 2001 we
received  $994,000  of  "additional  Interest"  and fees from the  payoff of two
loans, one of which was a participating  loan. In addition a non-performing loan
returned to performing  status in 2001 and $170,000 of  delinquent  interest was
received.  These  increases were  partially  offset by a decline in the interest
rate earned on the loan  portfolio in the current  fiscal year. The average rate
earned declined 17 basis points from 12.61% in the 2000 fiscal year to 12.44% in
the 2001 fiscal year. This accounted for a $73,000 decline in interest income.


     Operating  income on real estate  assets,  which is composed  primarily  of
rental  income,  increased  $703,000  from  $948,000  in the  fiscal  year ended
September  30, 2000 to $ 1,651,000 in the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2001.
This increase is the result of rental income generated from a leasehold interest
purchased by a consolidated joint venture at the end of fiscal 2000.

     Equity in earnings of unconsolidated  ventures increased in the fiscal year
ended  September  30,  2001 to $889,000  from  $626,000 in the fiscal year ended
September  30, 2000.  This  increase of $ 263,000 was  primarily the result of a
full year of  operations  by a joint  venture  entered into at the end of fiscal
2000.

     Other revenues, which is primarily composed of investment income, increased
$ 473,000  from  $3,107,000  in the fiscal  year  ended  September  30,  2000 to
$3,580,000 in the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2001.  During the 2001 fiscal
year we received  $438,000 from a distribution on a residual  interest held in a
venture. This residual interest resulted from the sale of a partnership interest
in a prior year. The average rate earned on invested  assets  increased 29 basis
points  from  9.33% in the 2000  fiscal  year to 9.62% in the 2001  fiscal  year
causing an increase in interest  income of $93,000.  Offsetting  these increases
was a decline  in the  average  balance  of  invested  assets  outstanding  from
$33,200,000 in the 2000 fiscal year to $32,700,000 in the 2001 fiscal year. This
caused a decline of $58,000 in interest income.

     Interest on notes and loans payable declined from $77,000 in the year ended
September 30, 2000 to $53,000 in the year ended September 30, 2001. This decline
of $24,000 is the result of a reduced level of borrowings during the 2001 fiscal
year.

     The Advisor's fee,  which is calculated  pursuant to agreement and is based
on invested  assets,  increased  $179,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30,
2001 to $745,000  from  $566,000 in the fiscal year ended  September  30,  2000.
During the current  fiscal year we experienced a higher  outstanding  balance of
invested assets thereby causing an increase in the fee.

     Other  taxes  increased  $51,000  to  $249,000  in the  fiscal  year  ended
September  30, 2001 from $ 198,000 in the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2000.
This  increase  is the result of an  increase in the amount of federal and state
alternative minimum tax paid in the 2000 year.

     Expenses  related to  investment  income was $ 575,000  for the fiscal year
ended  September 30, 2001. The fiscal year ended September 30, 2000 contained no
such expenses.  During the 2001 fiscal year we incurred legal,  printing,  proxy
solicitor fees and other expenses related to the solicitation of proxies to vote
in favor of our  nominee to the Board of Trustees  of  Entertainment  Properties
Trust  (NYSE:EPR).  We own  7.89% of the  outstanding  shares  of  Entertainment
Properties Trust and are its largest shareholder.

     Operating  expenses  relating  to real estate  assets  declined $ 13,000 to
$925,000  for the 2001  fiscal  year from $ 938,000  for the  fiscal  year ended
September  30,  2000.  In the 2001  fiscal  year  operating  expenses  increased
$420,000 primarily due to the purchase of a leasehold interest at the end of the
2000 fiscal year.  Offsetting  this  increase  was a $ 466,000  decline in legal
expenses  relating  to a property  that we acquired  in  foreclosure  in a prior
fiscal year. General operating expenses on other properties increased $33,000 in
the current fiscal year.

     In the fiscal  year ended  September  30,  2001 we  incurred  an expense of
$264,000 on the early  extinguishment  of debt. This amount represents the write
off of unamortized  deferred fees associated  with a revolving  credit line that
was terminated during the 2001 fiscal year.


     Gain on the sale of real estate assets and foreclosed  properties increased
$123,000  in the fiscal  year  ended  September  30,  2001 to $  1,937,000  from
$1,814,000 in the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2000. In the 2001 fiscal year
$1,431,000  of the  gain  resulted  from the sale of a  residual  interest  in a
venture.  The remaining  gain of $506,000  resulted from the sale of cooperative
apartment  units that were  previously  acquired  in  foreclosure.  For the 2000
fiscal  year we  recognized  gains of  $1,714,000  from the sale of  cooperative
apartment units and $ 100,000 of miscellaneous gains.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
-------------------------------

     We are engaged in the business of  originating  and holding for  investment
senior and junior real estate mortgages  secured by income  producing  property.
Our investment  policy  emphasizes  short-term  mortgage loans. We also purchase
senior and junior  participations  in short term  mortgage  loans and  originate
participating  mortgage  loans  and loans to joint  ventures  in which we are an
equity participant. Repayments of real estate loans in the amount of $72,835,000
are due during the twelve months ending September 30, 2003,  including  $415,000
due on demand (which was paid in full  subsequent  to September  30, 2002).  The
availability of mortgage  financing  secured by real property and the market for
selling real estate is cyclical.  Since these are the principal  sources for the
generation of funds by our borrowers to repay our outstanding real estate loans,
we cannot  project the portion of loans  maturing  during the next twelve months
which will be paid or the portion of loans  which will be  extended  for a fixed
term or on a month to month basis.

     We maintain a $15,000,000  revolving  credit facility with North Fork Bank.
The facility  provides for borrowings up to $15,000,000  but no greater than 60%
of qualified  first mortgage loans pledged to North Fork Bank,  provided that no
more than 20% of the pledged loans may relate to properties  situated outside of
the New York  metropolitan  area (as  defined in the credit  agreement).  We had
$6,691,000 of unused  availability  under this line at September 30, 2002. As of
December 10, 2002 there is no  outstanding  amount due under the North Fork Bank
credit line and  approximately  $12,318,000 is available to us under this credit
line.  We also have the ability to borrow on margin,  using the shares we own in
Entertainment  Properties  Trust as collateral.  At September 30, 2002 there was
$9,245,000  outstanding of the  approximately  $12,000,000  available under this
facility. We paid down this margin facility subsequent to September 30, 2002 and
approximately $7,500,000 is available at December 10, 2002.

     During the twelve months ended  September  30, 2002,  we generated  cash of
$10,709,000 from operating  activities,  $5,127,000 from the sale of real estate
properties and real estate loans,  $40,869,000 from collections from real estate
loans and  $12,644,000  from a net increase in borrowed  funds.  These funds, in
addition  to cash on hand,  were used  primarily  to fund real  estate  loans of
$61,779,000,  to make  joint  venture  investments  in the  aggregate  amount of
$275,000  and to pay  cash  distributions  to  shareholders  in  the  amount  of
$7,681,000.

     We will satisfy our liquidity  needs in the year ending  September 30, 2003
from cash and cash  investments  on hand,  the credit  facility  with North Fork
Bank, the availability in our margin account  collateralized  by the EPR shares,
interest and principal  payments  received on outstanding  real estate loans and
net cash flow generated from the operation and sale of real estate assets.

Outlook
-------

     The real  estate  business  in general is  cyclical  and to a large  extent
depends  upon,  among other  factors,  national and local  business and economic
conditions,  government  economic policies and the level of interest rates. Most
economists  indicate that the national  economy has been in a recessionary  mode
for a period of time. Notwithstanding the difficult national and local economies
for the past two years, we have not experienced any material  adverse effects on
our business.  However,  a difficult or declining  real estate market in the New
York  metropolitan  area or in other  parts of the  country  and a  recessionary
economy could  potentially  have the following  adverse effects on our business:
(i) an increase in loan  defaults  which will result in  decreased  interest and
fees on real estate loans,  an increase in loan loss reserves and an increase in
expenses  incurred in foreclosures and  restructurings;  (ii) a decrease in loan
originations;  and (iii) a decrease in rental income from properties owned by us
or joint  ventures  in which we are a venture  participant  and an  increase  in
operating expenses related to real estate properties.

     However,  a  declining  real  estate  market  could  also  provide  us with
opportunities  since,  in  a  declining  market,  other  lenders,   particularly
institutional lenders, become more conservative in their lending activities.  If
such a lending environment should occur, the amount of potential business for us
could increase.

     We are aware of the difficulties  which could be encountered in a declining
real estate  environment.  We  therefore  monitor  our  mortgage  portfolio  for
compliance by our borrowers. We also believe that our loan underwriting policies
should  minimize  the  negative  long-term  effects of a  declining  real estate
environment.

     Since  approximately 54% of our loan portfolio  provides for stated minimum
or fixed interest rates, the current "low" interest rate  environment,  although
negatively  affecting  our revenues  and net income,  has not had and should not
have a material adverse effect on revenues and net income.

Cash Distribution Policy
------------------------

     We have  elected to be taxed as a real  estate  investment  trust under the
Internal  Revenue  Code since our  organization.  To  qualify  as a real  estate
investment  trust,  we must  meet a number  of  organizational  and  operational
requirements,  including  a  requirement  that we  distribute  currently  to our
shareholders  at least 90% of our  adjusted  taxable  income.  It is the current
intention of our management to comply with these  requirements  and maintain our
real estate  investment  trust status.  As a real estate  investment  trust,  we
generally will not be subject to corporate  federal income tax on taxable income
we  distribute  currently  (in  accordance  with the  Internal  Revenue Code and
applicable regulations) to shareholders.  If we fail to qualify as a real estate
investment trust in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income taxes
at  regular  corporate  rates and may not be able to  qualify  as a real  estate
investment  trust for four subsequent tax years.  Even if we qualify for federal
taxation as a real estate  investment  trust, we may be subject to certain state
and  local  taxes on our  income  and to  federal  income  and  excise  taxes on
undistributed  taxable  income,  i.e.,  taxable  income not  distributed  in the
amounts and in the time  frames  prescribed  by the  Internal  Revenue  Code and
applicable regulations thereunder.

     As a result of accumulated  tax losses in prior years, we were not required
to make cash  distributions  to  shareholders  to maintain  our status as a real
estate  investment  trust for federal income tax purposes until the  accumulated
tax losses were fully used.  The  accumulated  tax losses were fully used during
the 2001 calendar year and we resumed the payment of cash  distributions  to our
shareholders in July, 2001. For tax purposes, we report on a calendar year basis
(as  distinguished  from  financial  reporting  purposes  for  which we are on a
September  30th fiscal  year).  We  distributed  100% of our taxable  income for
calendar  2001 by October,  2002.  We estimate  taxable  income for 2002 will be
$11,025,000,  of which approximately $1,000,000 is expected to represent capital
gain income.  To comply with the time frames  prescribed by the Internal Revenue
Service  and the  applicable  regulations  thereunder  at least  90% of the 2002
taxable income is required to be distributed by October 1, 2003.

     It is our  intention  to pay to our  shareholders  within the time  periods
prescribed  by the  Internal  Revenue  Code 100% of our annual  taxable  income,
including  gains from the sale of real  estate and  recognized  gains on sale of
available-for-sale securities.

Significant Accounting Policies
-------------------------------

     Our significant  accounting  policies are more fully described in Note 1 to
our consolidated  financial statements.  The preparation of financial statements
and related  disclosure  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally
accepted in the United States requires  management to make certain judgments and
estimates  that  affect  the  amounts  reported  in the  consolidated  financial
statements  and  accompanying  notes.  Certain of our  accounting  policies  are
particularly important to an understanding of our financial position and results
of operations and require the application of significant judgments and estimates
by our  management;  as a result  they are  subject to a degree of  uncertainty.
These significant accounting policies include:

            Allowance for Possible Losses

     We review our  mortgage  portfolio  and real  estate  assets on a quarterly
basis to  ascertain  if there has been any  impairment  in the value of the real
estate assets  underlying our loans or any impairment in the value of any of our
real estate  assets in order to determine if there is a need for a provision for
an allowance for possible  losses against our real estate loans or an impairment
allowance against our real estate assets.

     In reviewing the value of the collateral  underlying our loan portfolio and
our real  estate  assets,  we seek to  arrive  at the fair  market  value of the
underlying collateral or the real estate by taking into account numerous factors
including  market  evaluations of the underlying  collateral or the real estate,
operating  cash flow from the  property  during a projected  holding  period and
estimated  sales value computed by applying an expected  capitalization  rate to
the  stabilized  net  operating  income of the specific  property,  less selling
costs,  discounted  at market  discount  rates.  Each of these  factors  entails
significant  judgments  and  estimates.  Real  estate  assets  held  for use are
evaluated for indicators of impairment using an undiscounted cash flow analysis.
If that analysis  suggests that the  undiscounted  cash flows to be generated by
the property  will be  insufficient  to recover our  investment,  an  impairment
provision will be determined based upon the excess of the carrying amount of the
property  over its fair value.  Real estate  assets  which are held for sale are
valued at the lower of the recorded cost or estimated fair value,  less the cost
to sell. We do not obtain any independent appraisals of either the real property
underlying our loans or the real estate assets which we hold, but we rely on our
own analysis and valuations.  Any valuation allowances taken with respect to our
loan portfolio or our real estate assets will reduce our net income,  assets and
shareholders' equity to the extent of the amount of the valuation allowance, but
it will not affect our cash flow until  such time as the  property  is sold.  No
valuation  allowance was recorded against our mortgage  portfolio in 2002. There
was no valuation adjustment recorded in 2002 against our real estate assets.

            Revenue Recognition

     We recognize interest income and rental income on an accrual basis,  unless
we make a judgment  that  impairment  of a loan or loans or of real estate owned
renders  doubtful  collection  of  interest  or  rent  in  accordance  with  the
applicable   loan  documents  or  leases.   In  making  a  judgment  as  to  the
collectibility of interest or rent we consider,  among other factors, the status
of the loan or property, the borrower's or tenant's financial condition, payment
history and anticipated events in the future.  Accordingly in looking at various
factors  we must make a  significant  judgment  as to whether to treat a loan or
real estate owned as impaired.  If we make a decision to treat a "problem"  loan
or real estate asset as  unimpaired  and  therefore  continue to  recognize  the
interest and rent as income on an accrual basis,  we could  overstate  income by
recognizing income that will not be collected and the uncollectible  amount will
ultimately have to be written off. The period in which the uncollectible  amount
is written off could adversely affect taxable income for a specific year and our
ability to pay cash distributions.

            Certain Transactions

     Fredric H.  Gould,  Chairman of our Board of  Trustees,  is Chairman of the
Board of Directors  of One Liberty  Properties,  Inc., a real estate  investment
trust engaged in the ownership of a  diversified  portfolio of income  producing
real  properties  net  leased to  tenants  under  long-term  leases.  He is also
Chairman of the Board of Directors and sole  stockholder of the managing general
partner of Gould Investors L.P. and sole member of a limited  liability  company
which is also a general partner of Gould Investors L.P. Jeffrey Gould, a Trustee
and our President  and Chief  Executive  Officer is a Senior Vice  President and
Director of One Liberty  Properties,  Inc. and a Vice President of the corporate
managing general partner of Gould Investors L.P. Matthew Gould one of our Senior
Vice  Presidents  and a Trustee is a Senior Vice  President  and Director of One
Liberty Properties, Inc., and President of the managing general partner of Gould
Investors L.P. Gould Investors L.P. owns approximately  28.5% of our outstanding
beneficial shares. In addition,  David W. Kalish, Simeon Brinberg, Mark H. Lundy
and Israel Rosenzweig,  each of whom is an executive officer of our company, are
also  executive  officers of One Liberty  Properties,  Inc. and of the corporate
managing partner of Gould Investors L.P. Arthur Hurand, one of our Trustees,  is
a director of One Liberty Properties, Inc.

     We and certain of related entities,  including Gould Investors L.P. and One
Liberty  Properties,  Inc., occupy common office space and use certain personnel
in common.  In our 2002 fiscal year we paid Gould  Investors  L.P.  $647,000 for
general and administrative expenses, including rent, telecommunication services,
computer  services,  bookkeeping,  secretarial  and other clerical  services and
legal and  accounting  services.  This amount  includes an aggregate of $484,000
allocated  to us for  services  (primarily  legal and  accounting)  performed by
executive  officers  who  are  not  engaged  by us  on a  full-time  basis.  The
allocation of general and administrative expenses is computed in accordance with
a Shared  Services  Agreement on a quarterly basis and is based on the estimated
time devoted by executive,  administrative and clerical personnel to the affairs
of each participating  entity. The services of secretarial  personnel  generally
are allocated on the same basis as that of the executive to whom each  secretary
is assigned.

     In the fiscal year ending  September 30, 2002,  we paid  Majestic  Property
Management Corp., a company in which we have no ownership  interest and which is
100%  owned by the  Chairman  of our  Board  of  Trustees,  fees for  management
services and brokerage  fees totaling  $95,000.  Jeffrey  Gould,  Matthew Gould,
Simeon Brinberg,  David W. Kalish,  Mark H. Lundy and Israel Rosenzweig received
fees from Majestic  Property  Management  Corp. in the year ended  September 30,
2002. The management services provided include, among other things, rent billing
and collection, leasing (including compliance with regulatory statutes and rules
(i.e.,  New York City rent  control and rent  stabilized  rules),  and  property
sales.  The fees paid to this  entity  were  approved by members of our Board of
Trustees,  including a majority of independent trustees,  and were based on fees
which would have been charged by unaffiliated  persons for comparable  services.
It is the  intention of our Board of Trustees and our  management  that the fees
paid to related parties are not greater than the fees which would have been paid
to unaffiliated persons for comparable services.

     We and REIT Management Corp.  ("REIT") are parties to an Advisory Agreement
pursuant to which REIT  furnishes  administrative  services  with respect to our
assets and, subject to the supervision of the Trustees,  advises us with respect
to our investments.  The Advisory Agreement, which was initially entered into in
February  1983,  has been renewed by the Board of Trustees to December 31, 2006.
Fredric H.  Gould and two  officers  of BRT are  directors  of REIT.  All of the
outstanding  shares of REIT are owned by Fredric  H.  Gould.  Fredric H.  Gould,
Chairman of our Board, and Matthew J. Gould, a Trustee, are salaried officers of
REIT. Jeffrey Gould, Simeon Brinberg,  David W. Kalish, Mark H. Lundy and Israel
Rosenzweig,  officers of our company,  received fees from REIT in the year ended
September 30, 2002.

     Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory  Agreement,  REIT  receives an annual
fee for services  performed of 1/2 of 1% of Invested Assets other than mortgages
receivable and  investments in  unconsolidated  ventures and a 1% fee payable on
mortgages receivable and investments in unconsolidated ventures. The computation
of the fee includes  non-accruing mortgage receivables to the extent they exceed
allowances for loan losses. The fee under the Advisory Agreement is computed and
payable  quarterly,  subject  to  adjustment  at year end  based on the  audited
financial statements. During fiscal 2002 REIT earned $967,000 under the Advisory
Agreement.  Borrowers  pay  fees  directly  to REIT  for  services  rendered  in
arranging  loans made by us.  These fees  amounted to  $591,000  for year ending
September 30, 2002.

Item 7A - Market Risk Disclosure
          ----------------------

     Our primary  component  of market risk is interest  rate  sensitivity.  Our
interest  income and to a lesser  extent our  interest  expense  are  subject to
changes in interest rates. We seek to minimize these risks by originating  loans
that are indexed to the prime rate,  with a stated  minimum  interest  rate, and
borrowing,  when necessary, from our available credit line which is also indexed
to the prime rate. At September 30, 2002  approximately 67% of our portfolio was
variable  rate  based  primarily  on the prime  rate.  Any  changes in the prime
interest  rate could  have a positive  or  negative  effect on our net  interest
income. When determining  interest rate sensitivity we assume that any change in
interest  rates is immediate  and that the interest  rate  sensitive  assets and
liabilities  existing at the  beginning of the period  remain  constant over the
period  being  measured.  We  assessed  the market  risk for our  variable  rate
mortgage  receivables  and  variable  rate debt and  believe  that a one percent
increase in interest rates would have  approximately a $268,000  positive effect
on income  before taxes and a one percent  decline in interest  rates would have
approximately a $32,000 negative effect on income before taxes. In addition,  we
originate loans with short maturities and maintain a strong capital position. At
September  30,  2002 our loan  portfolio  was  primarily  secured by  properties
located  in the New York  metropolitan  area,  New Jersey  and  Connecticut,  in
California,  in Colorado and in Maryland  and it is  therefore  subject to risks
associated with the economies of these localities.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
         -------------------------------------------

This information appears in a separate section of this report following Part IV.


Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
        ---------------------------------------------------------------
        Financial Disclosure
        --------------------

    None.

                                      PART III

   Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 will be included in our proxy  statement to be filed
   pursuant to Regulation  14A not later than January 28, 2003.

Item 14.  Controls and Procedures
          -----------------------
     Based on their  evaluation of our  disclosure  controls and  procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-14 (c) and 15d-14 (c) under the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934)  within  ninety (90) days of the filing date of the Annual  Report on Form
10-K, our principal  executive  officer,  senior vice  president,  - finance and
principal financial officer have concluded that such controls and procedures are
effective.

     There have not been any significant  changes in our internal controls or in
other factors that could  significantly  affect these controls subsequent to the
date of their  evaluation,  including  any  corrective  actions  with  regard to
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


                                     PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K
         -----------------------------------------------------------------
(a)     1.    Financial Statements - The response is submitted in a separate
              section of this report following Part IV.

        2.    Financial Statement Schedules - The response is submitted in a
              separate section of this report following Part IV.

        3.    Exhibits:
              3(a).      Second  Amended  and  Restated  Declaration  of  BRT
                         dated  June 13, 1972. Incorporated by reference to
                         Exhibit 3A to Form 10-K for the year ended
                         September 30, 1984.

              3(b).      First  Amendment to Second  Amended and Restated
                         Declaration  of BRT dated August 20, 1986.Incorporated
                         by reference to BRT's Registration Statement on
                         Form S-2 (No. 33-8125).

              3(c).      Second  Amendment  to Second  Amended and  Restated
                         Declaration  of  BRT dated March 2, 1987. Incorporated
                         by reference to the BRT's Registration Statement on
                         Form S-2 (No.33-11072).

              3(d).      Third  Amendment  to Second  Amended and  Restated
                         Declaration  of BRT dated March 2, 1988.  Incorporated
                         by reference to Exhibit 3D to Form 10-K for the year
                         ended September 30, 1988.

              3(e).      By-laws - Incorporated by reference to BRT's
                         Registration Statement on Form S-2 (No. 33-8125).

              10(a).     Advisory  Agreement  dated  February  7,  1983 between
                         the BRT and REIT  Management  Corp.  Incorporated  by
                         reference to BRT's Registration Statement on Form S-2
                         (No. 33-8125).

              10(b).     Credit  Agreement  with North Fork Bank dated as of
                         July 25, 2001.  Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
                         7(c) to Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2001.

              10(c)      Shared Services Agreement.  Filed with Form 10-K.

              21.        Subsidiaries - Each subsidiary is 100% owned by BRT.
                         Filed with this Form 10-K.

              23.        Consent of Ernst & Young, LLP.  Filed with Form 10-K.

              99(a)      Certification  of Chief  Executive  Officer  pursuant
                         to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002 (the
                         "Act").  Filed with Form 10-K.

              99(b)      Certification of Senior Vice President-Finance pursuant
                         to Section 906 of the Act.  Filed with Form 10-K.

              99(c)      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
                         Section 906 of the Act.  Filed with Form 10-K.

              (b)        Reports on Form 8-K:
                         None.

              (c)        Exhibits - See Item 14(a) 3 above.

              (d)        See Item 14(a) 2 above.



                                     SIGNATURES

   Pursuant to the  requirements  of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
   the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
   undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                   BRT REALTY TRUST

Date:  December 18, 2002             By: (S) Jeffrey A. Gould
                                         --------------------
                                         Jeffrey A. Gould
                                         President

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
 report has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the
 Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Signature                               Title                      Date
---------                               -----                      ----

(S) Fredric H. Gould             Chairman of the Board        December 18, 2002
--------------------             ---------------------        -----------------
Fredric H. Gould

(S) Jeffrey A. Gould             President and Trustee        December 18, 2002
--------------------             (Principal Executive
Jeffrey A. Gould                 Officer)

(S) Patrick J.Callan             Trustee                      December 22, 2002
--------------------
Patrick J. Callan

(S) Matthew J. Gould             Trustee                      December 18, 2002
--------------------
Matthew J. Gould

(S) Arthur Hurand                Trustee                      December 18, 2002
-----------------
Arthur Hurand

(S) Gary Hurand                  Trustee                      December 18, 2002
----------------
Gary Hurand

(S) David Herold                 Trustee                      December 18, 2002
-----------------
David Herold

(S) Herbert C. Lust              Trustee                      December 18, 2002
-------------------
Herbert C. Lust II

(S) George E. Zweier             Vice President               December 18, 2002
-------------------              (Principal Financial
George E. Zweier                 and Accounting Officer)


                                   CERTIFICATION

   I, Jeffrey Gould, President and Chief Executive Officer of BRT Realty Trust,
certify that:

1.   I have  reviewed  this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
     September 30, 2002 of BRT Realty Trust


2.   Based on my  knowledge,  this  Annual  Report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;

3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

a)   designed such  disclosure  controls and  procedures to ensure that material
     information   relating  to  the  registrant,   including  its  consolidated
     subsidiaries,  is  made  known  to  us by  others  within  those  entities,
     particularly  during  the  period  in which  this  annual  report  is being
     prepared;

b)   evaluated the  effectiveness  of the registrant's  disclosure  controls and
     procedures  as of a date  within 90 days prior to the  filing  date of this
     annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

c)   presented in this annual report our conclusions  about the effectiveness of
     the disclosure  controls and  procedures  based on our evaluation as of the
     Evaluation Date;

5.   The registrant's other certifying  officers and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit
     committee of  registrant's  board of directors (or persons  performing  the
     equivalent functions):

a)   all  significant  deficiencies  in the  design  or  operation  of  internal
     controls which could adversely affect the  registrant's  ability to record,
     process,  summarize and report  financial data and have  identified for the
     registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

b)   any fraud,  whether or not  material,  that  involves  management  or other
     employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the  registrant's  internal
     controls; and

6.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers and I have indicated in this
     annual  report  whether or not there were  significant  changes in internal
     controls  or in other  factors  that could  significantly  affect  internal
     controls  subsequent to the date of our most recent  evaluation,  including
     any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
     weaknesses.

Date:   December 18, 2002

                                                S/Jeffrey Gould
                                                ----------------
                                                President






                                  CERTIFICATION

   I, David W. Kalish, Vice President-Finance of BRT Realty Trust, certify that:

1.   I have  reviewed  this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
     September 30, 2002 of BRT Realty Trust


2.   Based on my  knowledge,  this  Annual  Report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;

3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

a)   designed such  disclosure  controls and  procedures to ensure that material
     information   relating  to  the  registrant,   including  its  consolidated
     subsidiaries,  is  made  known  to  us by  others  within  those  entities,
     particularly  during  the  period  in which  this  annual  report  is being
     prepared;

b)   evaluated the  effectiveness  of the registrant's  disclosure  controls and
     procedures  as of a date  within 90 days prior to the  filing  date of this
     annual report (the Evaluation Date); and

c)   presented in this annual report our conclusions  about the effectiveness of
     the disclosure  controls and  procedures  based on our evaluation as of the
     Evaluation Date;

5.   The registrant's other certifying  officers and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit
     committee of  registrant's  board of directors (or persons  performing  the
     equivalent functions):

a)   all  significant  deficiencies  in the  design  or  operation  of  internal
     controls which could adversely affect the  registrant's  ability to record,
     process,  summarize and report  financial data and have  identified for the
     registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

b)   any fraud,  whether or not  material,  that  involves  management  or other
     employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the  registrant's  internal
     controls; and

6.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers and I have indicated in this
     annual  report  whether or not there were  significant  changes in internal
     controls  or in other  factors  that could  significantly  affect  internal
     controls  subsequent to the date of our most recent  evaluation,  including
     any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
     weaknesses.

Date:   December 18, 2002

                                             S/David W. Kalish
                                             ------------------
                                             Senior Vice President - Finance


                                   CERTIFICATION

   I, George Zweier, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BRT Realty
Trust, certify that:

1.   I have  reviewed  this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
     September 30, 2002 of BRT Realty Trust

2.   Based on my  knowledge,  this  Annual  Report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;

3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

a)   designed such  disclosure  controls and  procedures to ensure that material
     information   relating  to  the  registrant,   including  its  consolidated
     subsidiaries,  is  made  known  to  us by  others  within  those  entities,
     particularly  during  the  period  in which  this  annual  report  is being
     prepared;

b)   evaluated the  effectiveness  of the registrant's  disclosure  controls and
     procedures  as of a date  within 90 days prior to the  filing  date of this
     annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

d)   presented in this annual report our conclusions  about the effectiveness of
     the disclosure  controls and  procedures  based on our evaluation as of the
     Evaluation Date;

5.   The registrants other certifying  officers and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit
     committee of  registrant's  board of directors (or persons  performing  the
     equivalent functions):

a)   all  significant  deficiencies  in the  design  or  operation  of  internal
     controls which could adversely affect the  registrant's  ability to record,
     process,  summarize and report  financial data and have  identified for the
     registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

b)   any fraud,  whether or not  material,  that  involves  management  or other
     employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the  registrant's  internal
     controls; and

6.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers and I have indicated in this
     annual  report  whether or not there were  significant  changes in internal
     controls  or in other  factors  that could  significantly  affect  internal
     controls  subsequent to the date of our most recent  evaluation,  including
     any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
     weaknesses.

Date:   December 18, 2002

                                              S/George Zweier
                                              ---------------
                                              Vice President and Chief
                                              Financial Officer



<PAGE>


                           Annual Report on Form 10-K
                          Item 8, Item 14(a)(1) and (2)


Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statement
Schedules

The following consolidated financial statements of BRT Realty Trust are
included in Item 8:
                                                            Page No.
                                                            --------

Report of Independent Auditors                                 F-1

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30,
   2002 and 2001                                               F-2

Consolidated Statements of Income for the
  three years ended September 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000          F-3

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
  for the three years ended September 30, 2002,
  2001 and 2000                                                F-4

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
  three years ended September 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000          F-5

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                     F-7

Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules for
  the year ended September 30, 2002:

     III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation            F-22
     IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate                        F-24

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required
information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes
thereto.






<PAGE>


                           REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS




To the Trustees and Shareholders
BRT Realty Trust


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BRT Realty Trust
and  Subsidiaries  (the  "Trust") as of  September  30,  2002 and 2001,  and the
related consolidated statements of income,  shareholders' equity, and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended  September 30, 2002.  Our audits
also  included the  financial  statement  schedules  listed in the Index at Item
14(a).  These financial  statements and schedules are the  responsibility of the
Trust's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to  express  an  opinion  on these
financial statements and schedules based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated   financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects,  the consolidated  financial position of BRT Realty Trust
and Subsidiaries at September 30, 2002 and 2001, and the consolidated results of
their  operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended  September 30, 2002, in conformity with  accounting  principles  generally
accepted in the United  States.  Also,  in our  opinion,  the related  financial
statement  schedules,  when  considered  in  relation  to  the  basic  financial
statements  taken  as a whole,  present  fairly  in all  material  respects  the
information set forth therein.


                                                    /s/
                                                    ---------------------
                                                    ERNST & YOUNG LLP
New York, New York
December 9, 2002

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                        BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
                 (Amounts in thousands except per share amounts)

                                   ASSETS
                                                                                                 September 30,
                                                                                                 -------------
                                                                                            2002              2001
                                                                                            ----              ----
<S>                                                                                     <C>                <C>

      Real estate loans - Notes 2, 4 and 6:
           Earning interest, including $8,129 and $3,425
              from related parties                                                       $   84,112        $   67,513
           Not earning interest                                                                 415               415
                                                                                                ---               ---
                                                                                             84,527            67,928
           Allowance for possible losses                                                       (881)           (1,381)
                                                                                               ----            ------
                                                                                             83,646            66,547
                                                                                             ------            ------
      Real estate assets - Notes 3 and 6:
           Real estate properties net of accumulated
           depreciation of $1,227 and $993                                                    6,573             6,777

           Investment in unconsolidated
              real estate ventures at equity                                                  6,956             6,931
                                                                                              -----             -----
                                                                                             13,529            13,708
           Valuation allowance                                                                 (325)             (325)
                                                                                               ----              ----
                                                                                             13,204            13,383
                                                                                             ------            ------
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                               4,688             4,106
      Available-for-sale securities at market - Note 5                                       31,178            24,030
      Other assets                                                                            2,215             1,950
                                                                                              -----             -----

           TOTAL ASSETS                                                                  $  134,931         $ 110,016
                                                                                         ==========         =========

                                      LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

      Liabilities:
           Borrowed funds - Note 6                                                       $   14,745       $     2,101
           Mortgage payable - Note 6                                                          2,745             2,804
           Accounts payable and accrued liabilities including
            deposits of $1,265 and $1,620                                                     3,150             3,239
                                                                                              -----             -----
           Total liabilities                                                                 20,640             8,144
                                                                                             ------             -----

      Commitments and contingencies -  Notes 2, 3, 4, 6, 9 and 10                                 -                 -
      Shareholders' equity - Note 8:
           Preferred shares, $1 par value:
                Authorized 10,000 shares, none issued                                             -                 -
           Shares of beneficial interest, $3 par value:
                Authorized number of shares, unlimited, issued
                8,883 shares                                                                 26,650            26,650
           Additional paid-in capital, net of distributions
                 of $5,171                                                                   80,864            81,008
           Accumulated other comprehensive income - net
                unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities                             12,426             5,278
         Retained earnings                                                                    7,218             2,313
                                                                                              -----             -----
                                                                                            127,158           115,249
           Cost of 1,493 and 1,552 treasury shares
               of beneficial interest                                                       (12,867)          (13,377)
                                                                                            -------           -------
         Total shareholders' equity                                                         114,291           101,872
                                                                                            -------           -------

           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                    $  134,931         $ 110,016
                                                                                         ==========         =========




             See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                        BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                        Consolidated Statements of Income
                 (Amounts in thousands except per share amounts)

                                                                                          Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                          ------------------------

                                                                                   2002              2001             2000
                                                                                   ----              ----             ----

<S>                                                                            <C>                <C>              <C>

      Revenues:
        Interest and fees on real estate loans,
         including $602, $187 and $40 from related parties - Note 2            $  11,897          $  8,685         $  6,205
        Operating income from real estate properties                               2,269             1,651              948
        Recovery of previously provided allowances                                   500                 -                -
        Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures                    574               889              626
        Other, primarily investment income                                         2,732             3,580            3,107
                                                                                   -----             -----            -----
          Total Revenues                                                          17,972            14,805           10,886
                                                                                  ------            ------           ------
    Expenses:
       Interest -  note payable and loans payable - Note 6                           227                53               77
       Advisor's fees - Note 9                                                       967               745              566
       General and administrative - Note 9                                         2,911             2,983            3,029
       Other taxes - Note 7                                                          452               249              198
       Expense related to investment income                                            -               575                -
       Operating expenses relating to real estate properties
         including interest on mortgages payable
           of $265, $261 and $15                                                   1,255               925              938
       Amortization and depreciation                                                 340               372              388
       Loss on early extinguishment of debt                                            -               264                -
                                                                                      --               ---               --
   Total Expenses                                                                  6,152             6,166            5,196
                                                                                   -----             -----            -----
Income before gain on sale of real estate loans and
    real estate properties and available-for-sale securities                      11,820             8,639            5,690
Net gain on sale of real estate loans and
    real estate properties                                                           807             1,937            1,814
Net realized gain on available-for-sale securities                                     -                33              131
                                                                                      --                --              ---
Income before minority interest                                                   12,627            10,609            7,635
Minority interest                                                                    (41)              (23)               -
                                                                                     ---               ---               --

Net Income                                                                     $  12,586         $  10,586        $   7,635
                                                                               =========         =========        =========

Income per share of Beneficial Interest:

Basic earnings per share                                                       $    1.71         $    1.47        $    1.07
                                                                               =========         =========        =========

Diluted earnings per share                                                     $    1.68         $    1.45        $    1.05
                                                                               =========         =========        =========

Cash distributions per common share                                            $    1.04         $     .44        $       -
                                                                               =========         =========        =========

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding:
   Basic                                                                       7,373,627         7,221,373        7,165,875
                                                                               =========         =========        =========
   Diluted                                                                     7,503,065         7,327,174        7,253,227
                                                                               =========         =========        =========

</TABLE>





          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                        BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
                 Years Ended September 30, 2002, 2001, and 2000
                             (Amounts in thousands)

                                                                       Accumulated      Retained
                                           Shares of   Additional         Other         Earnings
                                          Beneficial    Paid-In       Comprehensive    Accmulated        Treasury
                                           Interest     Capital           Income         Deficit          Shares       Total
                                           --------     -------           ------         -------          ------       -----

<S>                                         <C>         <C>              <C>             <C>            <C>           <C>

Balances, September 30, 1999                $26,665     $81,521                 -        $(12,682)      $(14,880)     $80,624

Exercise of stock options                         -         (22)                -               -             43           21
Net income                                        -           -                 -           7,635              -        7,635
    Other comprehensive income -
     unrealized loss on
     available-for-sale securities
     (net of reclassification adjust-
     ment for gains included in net
      income of $131)                             -           -           $(3,133)              -              -       (3,133)
                                                                                                                       ------
Comprehensive income                              -           -                 -               -              -        4,502
                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balances, September 30, 2000                 26,665      81,499            (3,133)         (5,047)       (14,837)      85,147

Distributions - Common share
  ($.44 per share)                                -           -                 -          (3,226)             -       (3,226)
Exercise of Stock Options                       (15)       (491)                -               -          1,460          954

   Net income                                     -           -                 -          10,586              -       10,586
    Other comprehensive income -
     unrealized gain on sale of avail-
     able-for-sale securities (net of
     reclassification adjustment for
     gains included in net income
     of $33                                       -           -             8,411               -              -        8,411
                                                                                                                        -----
Comprehensive income                              -           -                 -               -              -       18,997
                                             --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances, September 30, 2001                 26,650      81,008             5,278           2,313        (13,377)     101,872

Distributions - Common share
  ($1.04 per share)                               -           -                 -          (7,681)             -       (7,681)
Exercise of Stock Options                         -        (144)                -               -            510          366

   Net income                                     -           -                 -          12,586              -       12,586
    Other comprehensive income -
     unrealized gain on sale of avail-
     able-for-sale securities                     -           -             7,148               -              -        7,148
                                                                                                                        -----
Comprehensive income                              -           -                 -               -              -       19,734
                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances, September 30, 2002                $26,650     $80,864           $12,426          $7,218       $(12,867)    $114,291





              See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                        BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                             (Amounts in thousands)

                                                                                       Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                       ------------------------
                                                                                 2002            2001            2000
                                                                                 ----            ----            ----
<S>                                                                            <C>            <C>             <C>

Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                                                  $ 12,586       $  10,586       $   7,635
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
   by operating activities:
      Loss on early extinguishment of debt                                            -             264               -
      Amortization and depreciation                                                 340             372             388
      Recovery of previously provided allowances                                   (500)              -               -
      Net gain on sale of real estate loans and properties                         (807)         (1,937)         (1,814)
      Net gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                               -             (33)           (131)
      Equity in (earnings) of unconsolidated ventures                              (574)           (889)           (626)
      (Increase) in interest and dividends receivable                               (42)           (227)           (576)
      (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses                                        (8)           (132)             17
      Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and
         accrued liabilities                                                        250            (262)            258
      (Decrease) Increase in deferred revenues                                      (98)            229             137
      (Decrease) Increase in escrow deposits                                       (133)              5            (187)
      (Decrease) Increase in deferred costs                                          21            (134)            (33)
      Other                                                                        (326)           (159)            188
                                                                                   ----            ----             ---

Net cash provided by operating activities                                        10,709           7,683           5,256
                                                                                 ------           -----           -----

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Collections from real estate loans                                            40,869          20,011          32,884
   Proceeds from sale of loans                                                    4,311               -               -
   Additions to real estate loans                                               (61,779)        (44,276)        (31,865)
   Decrease in due from venture                                                       -               -           4,620
   Purchase of leasehold interest, net of
      minority interest                                                               -               -          (3,854)
   Net costs capitalized to real estate owned                                       (38)           (210)           (181)
   Proceeds from sale of real estate owned                                          816           2,029           1,972
   (Decrease) Increase in deposits payable                                         (124)             39              53
   Purchase of available-for-sale securities                                          -               -         (20,626)
   Sale of available-for-sale securities                                              -             723           1,315
   Investment in real estate ventures                                              (275)           (866)         (1,083)
   Partnership distribution                                                         823             207              35
                                                                                    ---             ---              --

Net cash used in investing activities                                           (15,397)        (22,343)        (16,730)
                                                                                -------         -------         -------

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from borrowed funds                                                  22,500           2,101               -
   Repayment of borrowed funds                                                   (9,856)            (88)           (243)
   Payoff/paydown of loan and mortgages payable                                     (59)            (46)           (841)
   Exercise of stock options                                                        366             954              22
   Increase in mortgage payable                                                       -           2,850               -
   Cash distribution - common shares                                             (7,681)         (3,226)              -
                                                                                 ------          ------          ------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                               5,270           2,545          (1,062)
                                                                                  -----           -----          ------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                582         (12,115)        (12,536)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                    4,106          16,221          28,757
                                                                                  -----          ------          ------

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                      $   4,688       $   4,106      $   16,221
                                                                              =========       =========      ==========


          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                             (Amounts in thousands)
                                   (Continued)



                                                                                    Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                    ------------------------
                                                                               2002           2001          2000
                                                                               ----           ----          ----
<S>                                                                          <C>             <C>           <C>

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

   Cash paid during the year for interest expense                             $    427       $    303      $   85
                                                                              ========       ========      ======

   Cash paid during the year for income taxes                                 $    241       $    249      $  314
                                                                              ========       ========      ======

Supplemental schedule of noncash investing
   and financing activities:

   Recognition of valuation allowance upon sale                               $      -       $     24      $    -
                                                                              ========       ========      =====
      of real estate owned

   Recovery of previously provided allowances                                 $    500       $      -      $    -
                                                                              ========       =======       =====
</TABLE>

























          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE>



                        BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                  Years Ended September 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000
                    (Amounts in Thousands Except Share Data)


NOTE 1 -   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Principles of Consolidation; Basis of Preparation

The consolidated  financial  statements include the accounts of BRT Realty Trust
and its  wholly-owned  subsidiaries.  Investments  in less  than  majority-owned
entities have been accounted for using the equity method.  Material intercompany
items  and  transactions   have  been  eliminated.   Many  of  the  wholly-owned
subsidiaries were organized to take title to various properties  acquired by BRT
Realty Trust. BRT Realty Trust and its subsidiaries are hereinafter  referred to
as the "Trust".

Income Tax Status

The Trust qualifies as a real estate  investment trust under Sections 856-860 of
the Internal Revenue Code.

The  Trustees  may,  at their  option,  elect to operate the Trust as a business
trust not qualifying as a real estate investment trust.

Income Recognition

Income and  expenses are recorded on the accrual  basis of  accounting  for both
financial reporting and income tax purposes.  The Trust does not accrue interest
or rental income on impaired  loans or real estate owned where,  in the judgment
of management and the Trustees,  collection of interest or rent according to the
contractual terms is considered doubtful.  Among the factors the Trust considers
in making an evaluation  of the amount of interest or rent that are  collectable
are the status of the loan or property,  the financial condition of the borrower
or  tenant  and  anticipated  future  events.  The  Trust  accrues  interest  on
performing  impaired  loans and records  cash  receipts  as a  reduction  of the
recorded investment leaving the valuation allowance constant throughout the life
of the loan. For impaired  non-accrual  loans,  interest is recognized on a cash
basis.  Loan discounts are amortized over the life of the real estate loan using
the constant interest method.

Loan commitment and extension fee income is deferred and recorded as income over
the  life  of  the   commitment   and  loan.   Commitment   fees  are  generally
non-refundable.  When a commitment  expires or the Trust no longer has any other
obligation to perform,  the remaining fee is recognized  into income.  If a loan
subsequently becomes  non-earning,  the unamortized portion of the fee is offset
against the loan balance.

Rental  income  includes  the base rent that each  tenant is  required to pay in
accordance with the terms of their respective leases reported on a straight line
basis over the initial term of the lease.

The basis on which the cost was  determined  in computing  the realized  gain or
loss on available-for-sale securities is weighted average historical cost.

Loans  held for sale are  carried  at lower of cost or  estimated  fair value as
determined  on an  aggregate  basis.  Deferred  fees on loans  held for sale are
recognized as a component of gain or loss upon the sale.  Gains or losses on the
sale are  determined  by the  difference  between  the  sales  proceeds  and the
carrying value of the loan.

Allowance for Possible Losses

The Trust  measures the  impairment of its real estate loans based upon the fair
value of the  underlying  collateral  which is determined on an individual  loan
basis.  In arriving at the fair value of the  collateral,  numerous  factors are
considered,   including,   market  evaluations  of  the  underlying  collateral,
operating cash flow from the property during the projected  holding period,  and
estimated  sales value computed by applying an expected  capitalization  rate to
the  stabilized  net  operating  income of the specific  property,  less selling
costs,   discounted  at  market  discount  rates.  If  upon  completion  of  the
valuations,  the  underlying  collateral  securing  the  loan is less  than  the
recorded  investment in the loan,  an allowance is created with a  corresponding
charge to expense.

Real Estate Assets

Real estate  properties  is  comprised  of real  property in which the Trust has
invested directly and properties acquired by foreclosure.

When real estate is acquired by foreclosure or by a deed in lieu of foreclosure,
it is recorded at the lower of the carrying amount of the loan or estimated fair
value at the time of foreclosure.  Real estate assets, including assets acquired
through   foreclosure  are  operated  for  the  production  of  income  and  are
depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Costs incurred in connection with
the  foreclosure  of the  properties  collateralizing  the real estate loans and
costs  incurred  to  extend  the  life  or  improve  the  assets  subsequent  to
foreclosure are capitalized. With respect to the operating properties, operating
income and expenses are reflected in the consolidated statements of income.

The Trust  accounts  for the sale of real estate when title passes to the buyer,
sufficient  equity  payments  have been  received  and when there is  reasonable
assurance that the remaining receivable will be collected.

Investments  in joint  ventures  that the Trust does not own a greater  than 50%
interest  or in which it does not have the ability to  exercise  operational  or
financial control, are accounted for using the equity method.  Accordingly,  the
Trust reports its pro rata share of net profits and losses from its  investments
in   unconsolidated   entities  in  the  accompanying   consolidated   financial
statements.


Valuation Allowance on Real Estate Assets

The Trust reviews each real estate asset owned,  including  investments  in real
estate  ventures,  for which  indicators of impairment  are present to determine
whether  the  carrying  amount of the asset will be  recovered.  Recognition  of
impairment is required if the undiscounted  cash flows estimated to be generated
by the assets are less than the assets'  carrying  amount.  Measurement is based
upon the fair value of the asset. Real estate assets held for sale are valued at
the lower of cost or fair  value,  less costs to sell,  on an  individual  asset
basis.  Upon  evaluating the property,  many indicators of value are considered,
including current and expected  operating cash flow from the property during the
projected  holding  period,  costs  necessary  to extend the life or improve the
asset, expected capitalization rates, projected stabilized net operating income,
selling costs,  and the ability to hold and dispose of such real estate owned in
the ordinary course of business.  Valuation  adjustments may be necessary in the
event  that  effective   interest  rates,   rent-up  periods,   future  economic
conditions,  and other relevant factors vary significantly from those assumed in
valuing the property.  If future evaluations result in a diminution in the value
of the  property,  the  reduction  will  be  recognized  as an  addition  to the
valuation allowance.  If the value of the property subsequently  increases,  the
valuation allowance will be reduced.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The following  methods and  assumptions  were used to estimate the fair value of
each class of financial instruments:

Cash and cash  equivalents,  accounts  receivable,  accounts payable and accrued
liabilities:  The  carrying  amounts  reported  in the  balance  sheet for these
instruments  approximate their fair values due to the short term nature of these
accounts.

Available-for-sale   securities:   Investment  in  securities   are   considered
"available-for-sale",  and are  reported on the balance  sheet based upon quoted
market prices.

Real estate loans:  The earning mortgage loans of the Trust have either variable
interest rate provisions,  which are based upon a margin over the prime rate, or
are currently  fixed at effective  interest rates which  approximate  market for
similar  types of loans.  Accordingly,  the  carrying  amounts  of the  earning,
non-impaired  mortgage loans  approximate  their fair values.  For earning loans
which are impaired, the Trust has valued such loans based upon the fair value of
the underlying collateral.

Borrowed funds and mortgages  payable:  There is no material  difference between
the carrying amounts and fair value because interest rates  approximate  current
market rates for similar types of loans.

Per Share Data

Basic  earnings per share was  determined  by dividing net income  applicable to
common  shareholders  for each year by the weighted  average number of Shares of
Beneficial  Interest  outstanding  during each year.  Diluted earnings per share
reflects  the  potential  dilution  that  could  occur  if  securities  or other
contracts to issue Shares of  Beneficial  Interest  were  exercised or converted
into Shares of  Beneficial  Interest  or  resulted in the  issuance of Shares of
Beneficial  Interest  that then shared in the earnings of the  Company.  Diluted
earnings per share was  determined  by dividing net income  applicable to common
shareholders for each year by the total of the weighted average number of Shares
of Beneficial  Interest  outstanding  plus the dilutive  effect of the Company's
outstanding options using the treasury stock method.


Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid  investments,  primarily direct United
States treasury  obligations and money market type U.S. Government  obligations,
with maturities of three months or less when purchased.

Use of Estimates

The  preparation  of the  financial  statements in  conformity  with  accounting
principles  generally accepted in the United States requires  management to make
estimates  and  assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the  financial
statements  and  accompanying  notes.  Actual  results  could  differ from those
estimates.

Segment Reporting

Effective October 1, 1998, the Trust adopted the Financial  Accounting Standards
Board's Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 131,  Disclosure About
Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information. Statement No. 131 established
standards for the way that public business  enterprises report information about
operating  segments  in annual  financial  statements  and  requires  that those
enterprises  report selected  information  about  operating  segments in interim
financial  reports.  Statement  No. 131 also  established  standards for related
disclosures  about  products  and  services,   geographical   areas,  and  major
customers.  As  the  Trust  operates  predominantly  in  one  industry  segment,
management has  determined it has one  reportable  segment and believes it is in
compliance with the standards established by Statement No. 131.

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities

The Trust adopted FASB Statement No. 133, Accounting for Derivatives Instruments
and  Hedging  Activities  as amended by FASB  Statement  No. 137 during the 2001
fiscal year. Because of the Company's minimal use of derivatives the adoption of
FASB  Statement  No. 133 did not have a  significant  effect on  earnings or the
financial position of the Company.

Accounting For Long-Lived Assets

The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No.144 "Accounting for
the Impairment of Long-Lived  Assets" which  supersedes  FASB Statement No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
be Disposed of"; however it retains the fundamental provisions of that statement
related to the  recognition  and  measurement  of the  impairment  of long-lived
assets to be "held and used".  In  addition,  Statement  No. 144  provides  more
guidance  on  estimating  cash  flows when  performing  a  recoverability  test,
requires that a long-lived  asset or asset group to be disposed of other than by
sale (e.g.  abandoned) be classified as "held and used" until it is disposed of,
and establishes more restrictive criteria to classify an asset or asset group as
"held for sale".  The Trust will adopt Statement 144 in the 2003 fiscal year. As
a result of the adoption,  the Trust's  management  does not anticipate that the
adoption of this  statement will have an effect on the earnings or the financial
position of the Trust.


Gains and Losses From Extinguishment of Debt

On July 1, 2002 the Company adopted Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards
("SFAS") No. 145 which  rescinded  SFAS No. 4  "Reporting  Gains and Losses From
Extinguishment of Debt". In connection with the adoption of this statement,  the
Company  reclassified  in the 2001  statement  of income a loss of $264 from the
write off of deferred fees associated with a terminated  revolving  credit line,
which  had   previously   been   reported  as  an   extraordinary   item.   Such
reclassification had no impact on net income reported for the 2001 year.

Reclassification

Certain amounts reported in previous financial statements have been reclassified
in the  accompanying  financial  statements  to  conform to the  current  year's
presentation.
<PAGE>

NOTE 2 -  REAL ESTATE LOANS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

At September 30, 2002,  information  as to real estate  loans,  is summarized as
follows:
                                                                                                                       Not
                                                                                                 Earning             Earning
                                                                                  Total          Interest            Interest
                                                                                  -----          --------            --------
<S>                                                                            <C>               <C>               <C>

First mortgage loans:
                  Long-term:
                     Residential                                                $  3,614         $  3,614                 -
                  Short-term (five years or less):
                     Shopping centers/retail                                      14,803           14,388          $    415
                     Industrial buildings                                          4,100            4,100                 -
                     Office buildings                                              8,959            8,959                 -
                     Residential (multiple family units)                          22,948           22,948                 -
                     Hotel                                                         3,614            3,614                 -


      Second mortgage loans, wraparound mortgages
      and junior participations:
                   Residential                                                    25,464           25,464                 -
                   Retail                                                            475              475                 -
                   Office                                                            550              550                 -
                                                                                     ---              ---
                                                                                $ 84,527         $ 84,112          $    415
                                                                                ========         ========          ========

           A summary of loans at September 30, 2001 is as follows:

                  First mortgage loans
                     Long term                                                  $ 10,136         $ 10,136                 -
                     Short term                                                   34,368           33,953          $    415
                  Second mortgage loans
                     and wrap around mortgages                                    23,424           23,424                 -
                                                                                  ------           ------          --------


                                                                                $ 67,928         $ 67,513          $    415
                                                                                ========         ========          ========
</TABLE>

The real estate loan not earning  interest at September  30, 2002 was not deemed
impaired,  as it is probable  that the Trust will be able to collect all amounts
due according to the contractual terms. Subsequently,  no allowance for possible
losses  is being  provided  for this  loan.  Of the real  estate  loans  earning
interest at September 30, 2002 and 2001, $7,220 and $6,579,  respectively,  were
deemed impaired and all are subject to allowances for possible  losses.  For the
years ended September 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively,  an average $6,197,
$11,025 and $4,482 of real estate  loans were  deemed  impaired,  on which $837,
$1,310 and $255 of interest income was recognized.

Loans  originated by the Trust generally  provide for interest rates,  which are
indexed to the prime rate. The weighted  average  interest rate on earning loans
was 12.51% and 11.75% at September 30, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

Included in real estate loans are four second  mortgages and two first mortgages
to ventures in which the Trust (through wholly owned  subsidiaries)  holds a 50%
interest.  At September  30, 2002 and  September  30,  2001,  the balance of the
mortgage loans was $8,129 and $3,425,  respectively.  Interest received on these
loans totaled $602 and $187 for the year ended  September 30, 2002 and September
30, 2001, respectively.

Annual maturities of real estate loans receivable before allowances for possible
losses during the next five years and thereafter and are summarized as follows:

         Years Ending September 30              Amount
         -------------------------              ------
         2003                                 $ 72,835
         2004                                    1,850
         2005                                    2,719
         2006                                      129
         2007                                    3,354
         2008 and thereafter                     3,640

         Total                                $ 84,527
                                              ========

The Trust's  portfolio  consists  primarily of senior and junior mortgage loans,
secured by residential and commercial property,  37% of which are located in the
New York metropolitan  area (which includes New Jersey and Connecticut),  13% in
California, 12% in Colorado and 12% in Maryland.

If a loan is not repaid at maturity, in addition to foreclosing on the property,
the Trust may either  extend the loan or consider  the loan past due.  The Trust
analyzes each loan separately to determine the  appropriateness of an extension.
In  analyzing  each  situation,  management  examines  many  aspects of the loan
receivable, including the value of the collateral, the financial strength of the
borrower,  past payment  history and plans of the owner of the property.  Of the
$72,835 of real estate loans  receivable  which  mature in Fiscal 2003,  $23,714
were extended during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002.

If  all  loans   classified  as  non-earning  were  earning  interest  at  their
contractual  rates for the year  ended  September  30,  2002 and 2001,  interest
income would have increased by $46 in each period.

The  Trust's  interest  in a  wraparound  mortgage  of $8,950 is  subject  to an
underlying  mortgage  aggregating  $7,500 at both at September 30, 2002 and 2001
respectively.  Interest  income  earned on this loan was $998 and $1,012 for the
years ended  September 30, 2002 and 2001,  respectively,  of which $692 and $686
was paid to the holder of the prior mortgage loan.

At September 30, 2002 the three largest real estate loans had principal balances
outstanding of approximately $11,400, $10,366 and $8,250,  respectively.  Of the
total interest and fees earned on real estate loans during the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2002, 12.9%, 3.9% and 1.0% related to these loans, respectively.
<PAGE>


NOTE 3 -  REAL ESTATE ASSETS

          Real Estate Properties

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     A summary of real estate properties for the year ended September 30, 2002
is as follows:

                                                                   Acquisitions/
                                                                      Costs          Sales
                                            September 30, 2001     Capitalized/   Collections/  Gain on   September 30, 2002
                                           # Properties  Amount    Amortization      Other        Sale    # Properties Amount
                                           ------------  ------    ------------      -----        ----    -------------------
<S>                                          <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>         <C>             <C>   <C>

         Residential units-shares of
          cooperative  corporations          2           $    -       $    25        ($209)      $  200          2     $   16

         Shopping centers/retail             2            7,770            14            -            -          2      7,784

         Unimproved land                     1                -             -         (607)         607          -          -
                                             --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          7,770            39         (816)         807                 7,800

                Amortization                               (993)         (234)           -            -                (1,227)
                                             --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Total real estate properties        5           $6,777         ($195)       ($816)      $  807          4     $6,573
                                             ================================================================================


</TABLE>

During the year ended  September 30, 2002 the Trust disposed of a portion of its
shares of  cooperative  apartment  units.  The Trust  sold one unit with no book
value  and  recognized  a gain of $200 on this  sale.  The  Trust  also  sold an
unimproved parcel of land that was previously acquired in foreclosure. The Trust
recognized a gain of $607 on the sale of this property.

During the year ended  September  30, 2000 the Trust  purchased  with a minority
partner a leasehold interest in a portion of a retail shopping center located in
Yonkers,  New York. The leasehold  interest is for  approximately  28,500 square
feet and including all option periods  expires in 2045.  The minority  interest,
which  equals ten percent,  amounted to $169 at  September  30, 2002 and $154 at
September 30, 2001 is shown in other  liabilities  on the  consolidated  balance
sheet.

Future minimum rentals to be received by the Trust,  pursuant to  noncancellable
operating  leases in excess of one year,  from properties on which the Trust has
title at September 30, 2002 are as follows:

      Years Ending September 30,                      Amount
      --------------------------                      ------
      2003                                          $   1,395
      2004                                              1,239
      2005                                              1,131
      2006                                              1,065
      2007                                                977
      Thereafter                                       12,230



Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures at Equity

The Trust is a partner in seven  unconsolidated  joint  ventures  which  operate
seven properties.  In addition to making an equity  contribution,  the Trust may
hold a first or second mortgage on the property. A brief summary of the two most
significant joint ventures is listed below.

Blue Hen Venture - In 1999 the Trust sold  one-half of its  interest in the Blue
Hen  Corporate  Center & Mall,  located in Dover,  Delaware  to a joint  venture
partner and contributed its remaining one-half  interest.  The Trust holds a 50%
interest  in the Blue Hen  Venture  and also holds two first  mortgages  on this
property totaling $4,154 at September 30, 2002.

Rutherford  Glen - The Trust is a 50% joint venture partner in a 248-unit garden
apartment  complex  located in Atlanta,  Georgia.  The Trust also holds a second
mortgage on the property in the amount of $2,950 at September 30, 2002.
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Unaudited  condensed  financial  information  for these two  joint  ventures  at
September 30, 2002 and for the year then ended:
                                                                               Blue Hen             Rutherford
                                                                               Venture                 Glen
                                                                               -------                 ----
          <S>                                                                  <C>                   <C>

          Condensed Balance Sheet
          -----------------------

          Cash and cash equivalents                                            $  1,040              $    110
          Real estate investments, net                                           15,921                19,360
          Other assets                                                              314                   268
                                                                                    ---                   ---

                Total assets                                                   $ 17,275              $ 19,738
                                                                               ========              ========

          Mortgage payable                                                     $  4,154              $ 19,147
          Other liabilities                                                         118                   435
          Equity                                                                 13,003                   156
                                                                                 ------                   ---

               Total liabilities and equity                                    $ 17,275              $ 19,738
                                                                               ========              ========

          Company's equity investment                                          $  5,207              $     78

          Condensed Statement of Operations
          ---------------------------------

          Revenues, primarily rental income                                    $  2,914              $  2,475

          Operating expenses                                                      1,222                 1,135
          Depreciation                                                              447                   728
          Interest expense                                                          377                 1,478
                                                                                    ---                 -----
               Total expense                                                      2,046                 3,341

          Income before gain                                                        868                  (866)
          Gain on sale                                                              385                     -
                                                                                    ---                   ---
          Net income attributable to members                                   $  1,253              $   (866)
                                                                               ========              ========

          Company's share of net income                                        $    627              $   (433)
                                                                               ========              ========

          Amount recorded in income statement                                  $    799              $   (433)
                                                                               ========              ========
</TABLE>


The  unamortized  excess  of the  Trust's  share  of the  net  equity  over  its
investment  in the Blue Hen joint venture that is  attributable  to building and
improvements is being amortized over the life of the related property.

The remaining five joint ventures  contributed  $208 in equity  earnings for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2002


NOTE 4 - ALLOWANCE FOR POSSIBLE LOAN LOSSES

The Trust was not required to record  provisions  for  possible  loan losses nor
valuation  adjustments on owned real estate during the years ended September 30,
2002, 2001 and 2000.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

               An analysis of the allowance for possible losses is as follows:

                                                                                       Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                       ------------------------
                                                                                  2002            2001          2000
                                                                                  ----            ----          ----
              <S>                                                               <C>              <C>           <C>

               Balance at beginning of year                                     $ 1,381          $ 1,381       $ 1,381
               Recovery of previously provided allowances                          (500)               -             -
                                                                                   ----              ---           ---

               Balance at end of year                                           $   881          $ 1,381       $ 1,381
                                                                                =======          =======       =======
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

The  allowance  for  possible  losses  applies to assets  aggregating  $7,220 at
September  30, 2002,  $6,579 at September  30, 2001 and $4,253 at September  30,
2000.

NOTE 5 -    AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE SECURITIES

The cost of securities held for sale at September 30, 2002 was $18,752. The fair
value of these  securities was $31,178 at September 30, 2002.  Gross  unrealized
gains and losses at September  30, 2002 were $12,496 and $70,  respectively  and
are reflected as  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income on the  accompanying
consolidated balance sheets.

Included in available for sale securities are 1,355,600  shares of Entertainment
Properties Trust (NYSE:EPR), which have a cost basis of $17,806 and a fair value
at September 30, 2002 of $29,959. The shares held by BRT represent approximately
7.89% of the outstanding  shares of  Entertainment  Properties  Trust.  The fair
value of the Trust's  investment in  Entertainment  Properties Trust at November
30, 2002 was $31,667.

NOTE 6 - DEBT OBLIGATIONS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

          Debt obligations consist of the following:
                                                                                       September 30,
                                                                                       -------------
                                                                               2002                  2001
                                                                               ----                  ----
                    <S>                                                      <C>                   <C>

                    Note payable - credit facility                           $  5,500              $     -
                                                                             ========              ======
                    Margin account                                           $  9,245              $ 2,101
                                                                             ========              =======
                    Mortgage payable                                         $  2,745              $ 2,804
                                                                             ========              =======
</TABLE>

On  January  11,  2001  BRT  terminated  its  revolving   credit  facility  with
TransAmerica Business Credit Corporation ("TransAmerica"). During the year ended
September 30, 2001  unamortized  deferred fees in the amount of $264  associated
with the terminated TransAmerica revolving credit facility were written off.

On July 25, 2001 BRT entered  into a $15,000  revolving  credit  agreement  with
North Fork Bank (North Fork). The North Fork agreement is a revolving  facility.
Borrowings  under the  facility  are  secured by  specific  receivables  and the
agreement  provides  that  the  amount  borrowed  will  not  exceed  60%  of the
collateral pledged. Interest is charged on the outstanding balance at prime plus
1/2% or under  certain  circumstances  at prime.  BRT paid a fee of $75 to North
Fork at closing. The facility matures August 1, 2004 and may be extended for two
one-year terms. The extension fee is $38 for each extension period.

As of September  30, 2002 BRT had provided  collateral  to North Fork Bank which
would permit BRT to borrow up to $12,191 under the facility.

At  September  30,  2002 there was an  outstanding  balance on this  facility of
$5,500. At September 30, 2001 there was no outstanding balance on the facility.

The  average  outstanding  balance  on the  credit  facility  for the year ended
September  30,  2002 was $473  and the  average  interest  rate  paid was  5.1%.
Interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2002 was $24.

In addition to its credit facility,  BRT has the ability to borrow funds through
a margin account. In order to maintain this account BRT pays an annual fee equal
to .3% of the market  value of the pledged  securities.  At  September  30, 2002
there was an outstanding  balance of $9,245 on the margin account.  The interest
rate at September 30, 2002 was 3.875%.  Marketable securities with a fair market
value at of $29,959 were pledged as collateral.  The average outstanding balance
on the margin  facility for the year ended September 30, 2002 was $2,653 and the
average  interest  rate  paid was  7.5%.  At  September  30,  2001  there was an
outstanding balance of $2,101 at a rate of 5.125%.

On  October  20,  2000 a mortgage  was placed on a shopping  center in which the
Trust,  through a subsidiary,  is a joint  venture  partner and holds a majority
interest in a  leasehold  position.  The  mortgage  with an original  balance of
$2,850 bears  interest at a fixed rate of 8.75% for the first five years and has
a maturity  of November  1, 2005.  There is an option to extend the  mortgage to
November 1, 2010. At September 30, 2002 the outstanding balance was $2,745.
<PAGE>

Scheduled principal repayments on the mortgage during the initial maturity
are as follows:

             Years Ending September 30,                 Amount
             --------------------------                 ------

             2003                                      $    64
             2004                                           70
             2005                                           77
             2006 and thereafter                         2,534
                                                         -----
                                                       $ 2,745
                                                       =======

NOTE 7  - INCOME TAXES

The Trust has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ("REIT),  as
defined under the Internal  Revenue Code. As a REIT the Trust will generally not
be subject to Federal  income taxes at the corporate  level if it distributes at
least 90% of its REIT taxable income, as defined, to its shareholders. There are
a number  organizational  and  operational  requirements  the Trust must meet to
remain a REIT. If the Trust fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year,  its
taxable income will be subject to Federal income tax at the corporate  rates and
it may not be able to qualify as a REIT for four  subsequent tax years.  Even if
it is qualified as a REIT,  the Trust may be subject to certain  state and local
income taxes and to Federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed taxable
income.

During the quarter ended March 31, 2001 the Trust  utilized all of its remaining
tax operating loss carryforwards.

During the years ended  September 30, 2002 and 2001 the Trust  recorded $452 and
$249,  respectively of corporate tax expense.  In the 2002 fiscal year the Trust
recorded  $322 for the  payment of  Federal  excise tax which is based on income
generated but not yet  distributed.  In the 2001 fiscal year the Trust  recorded
$187 of  alternative  minimum tax related to the usage of the net operating loss
carryforwards.

Earnings  and  profits,   which   determine  the   taxability  of  dividends  to
shareholders,  differ than net income reported for financial  statement purposes
due to various items among which are timing differences  related to depreciation
methods and carrying values.

The  taxable  income is  expected  to be  approximately  $1,000  lower  than the
financial statement income during calendar 2002.

NOTE 8 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Distributions

In July 2001 the Trust  commenced  paying a  dividend  to  holders  of shares of
beneficial  interest.  There  were no  distributions  on the  Trust's  shares of
beneficial interest declared during the year ended September 30, 2000.

Stock Options

On December 6, 1996,  the Board of  Trustees  adopted the BRT 1996 Stock  Option
Plan  (Incentive/Nonstatutory  Stock Option Plan),  whereby a maximum of 450,000
shares of beneficial interest are reserved for issuance to the Trust's officers,
employees,  trustees and  consultants or advisors to the Trust.  Incentive stock
options are granted at per share amounts at least equal to the fair value at the
date of grant, whereas for nonstatutory stock options, the exercise price may be
any amount  determined by the Board, but not less than the par value of a share.
In  December  2001,  the 1996  stock  option  plan was  amended  to allow for an
additional 250,000 shares to be issued.

Also on December 6, 1996,  the Board of Trustees  granted,  under the 1996 Stock
Option Plan options to purchase a total of 82,500 shares of beneficial  interest
at $6.00 per share to a number of officers,  employees  and  consultants  to the
Trust.  The options  are  cumulatively  exercisable  at a rate of 25% per annum,
commencing  after six  months,  and expire  five years  after the date of grant.
During the current year 10,500 of the options were  exercised and 5,000 expired.
At September 30, 2002 there were no remaining options under this grant.

In March and April  1998 the Board of  Trustees  granted,  under the 1996  Stock
Option Plan options to purchase  50,000 shares of beneficial  interest at prices
ranging from $7.3125 to $7.9375 per share to a number of directors, officers and
employees of the Trust.  The options are  cumulatively  exercisable at a rate of
25% per annum,  commencing after two years, and expire ten years after the grant
date. During the current year 8,000 of the options were exercised.  At September
30, 2002, 12,000 options were remaining of which 2,000 were exercisable.

In December  1998 the Board of  Directors  granted,  under the 1996 Stock Option
Plan options to purchase  180,000  shares of beneficial  interest at $5.9375 per
share to a number of officers, employees, consultants and trustees of the Trust.
The options are cumulatively  exercisable at a rate of 25% per annum, commencing
after one year (50,000) and two years (130,000),  and expire five years (50,000)
and ten years  (130,000) and current year 40,625 of the options were  exercised.
At September 30,2002 options to purchase 85,750 shares are remaining,  14,750 of
which are exercisable.

In December 2000 the Board of Directors granted under the 1996 Stock Option Plan
options to purchase 165,500 shares of beneficial  interest at $7.75 per share to
a number of officers,  employees and  consultants of the Trust.  The options are
cumulatively  exercisable at a rate of 25% per annum, commencing after two years
and expire ten years after grant date.  At September 30, 2002 none of these were
exercisable.

In December  2001 the Board of  Directors  granted,  under the 1996 Stock Option
Plan,  options to purchase  89,000 shares of  beneficial  interest at $10.45 per
share to a number of  officers,  employees  and  consultants  of the Trust.  The
options  are  cumulatively  exercisable  at a rate of 25% per annum,  commencing
after one year and  expiring ten years after grant date.  At September  30, 2002
none of these were exercisable.

The Trust elected  Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. 25,  Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees ("APB 25"), and related  Interpretations in accounting
for its  employee  stock  options.  Under APB 25,  no  compensation  expense  is
recognized  because the exercise  price of the Trust's  employee  stock  options
equals the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant.

Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share is required by
FAS No.  123,  and has been  determined  as if the Trust had  accounted  for its
employee  stock options  under the fair value  method.  The fair value for these
options was  estimated at the date of the grant using the  Black-Scholes  option
pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions:
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                  December 2001     December 2000         December 1998         December 1998     March/April 1998
                                  89,000 Shares     165,000 Shares        50,000 Shares        130,000 Shares       50,000 Shares
                                  -------------     --------------        -------------        --------------       -------------
         <S>                           <C>                <C>                <C>                   <C>                  <C>

         Risk Free Interest Rate       3.91%              4.76%              4.38%                 4.62%                5.64%
         Dividend Yield                8.3%               4.36%                 0%                    0%                   0%
         Volatility Factor             .210               .205               .208                  .208                  .188
         Expected Life (Years)           5                 6                    5                    6                     6

</TABLE>

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded  options which have no vesting  restrictions  and are fully
transferable.  In addition,  option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective  assumptions  including expected stock price volatility.  Because the
Trust's employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from
those of traded  options,  and changes in the subjective  input  assumptions can
materially  affect the fair value  estimate,  management  believes  the existing
models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of
its employee stock options.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         Pro forma net income and earnings per share calculated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model is as follows:

                                                                             Year Ended September 30,
                                                                             ------------------------
                                                                 2002            2001                   2000
                                                                 ----            ----                   ----
                    <S>                                        <C>              <C>                    <C>

                    Pro forma net income                       $12,460          $10,540                $7,484

                    Pro forma earnings per share:
                    Basic                                       1.69              1.46                   1.04
                    Diluted                                     1.66              1.44                   1.03
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Changes in the number of shares under all option  arrangements are summarized as
follows:

                                                                                              Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                              ------------------------
                                                                                 2002                 2001               2000
                                                                                 ----                 ----               ----

         <S>                                                              <C>                    <C>                <C>

         Outstanding at beginning of period                                    327,375              332,500             337,500
         Granted                                                                89,000              165,500                   -
         Option price per share granted                                          10.45                 7.75                   -
         Cancelled                                                                   -                5,000                   -
            Exercised                                                           59,125              165,625               5,000
         Expired                                                                 5,000                    -                   -
         Outstanding at end of period                                          352,250              327,375             332,500
         Exercisable at end of period                                           16,750               27,125             143,000
         Option prices per share outstanding                               $5.9375-$10.45        $4.375-$7.9375      $4.375-$7.9375
</TABLE>

As of  September  30,  2002  the  outstanding  options  had a  weighted  average
remaining  contractual life of  approximately  7.66 years and a weighted average
exercise price of $7.98.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Earnings Per Share

         The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted
         earnings per share:
                                                                     2002            2001           2000
                                                                     ----            ----           ----

         <S>                                                     <C>             <C>            <C>
         Numerator for basic and diluted
          earnings per share:
         Net income                                                $12,586         $10,586         $7,635
         Denominator:

         Denominator for basic earnings
          per share - weighted average shares                     7,373,627       7,221,373      7,165,875
         Effect of dilutive securites:
         Employee stock options                                    129,438         105,801         87,352
                                                                   -------         -------         ------

         Denominator for diluted earnings
          per share - adjusted weighted average
          shares and assumed conversions                         7,503,065       7,327,174      7,253,227

         Basic earnings per share                                   $ 1.71          $ 1.47         $ 1.07
         Diluted earnings per share                                 $ 1.68          $ 1.45         $ 1.05
</TABLE>

Treasury Shares

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002 and September 30, 2001 no shares
were purchased by the Trust.

During the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2002,  59,125  treasury  shares were
issued in  connection  with the  exercise  of stock  options  under the  Trust's
existing  stock option plan. In the fiscal year ended  September  30, 2001,  the
Trust issued 165,625  Treasury  shares in connection  with the exercise of stock
options under the Trust's  existing  stock option plan. As of September 30, 2002
the Trust owns 1,493,216 Treasury shares of beneficial  interest at an aggregate
cost of $12,867.

NOTE 9 -  ADVISOR'S COMPENSATION AND CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS

Certain of the Trust's  officers and trustees are also  officers,  directors and
the  shareholder  of REIT  Management  Corp.  ("REIT"),  to which the Trust pays
advisory fees for administrative  services and investment advice. The agreement,
which expires on December 31, 2006, provides that directors and officers of REIT
may serve as  trustees,  officers and  employees of the Trust,  but shall not be
compensated for services rendered in such latter  capacities.  Advisory fees are
charged  to  operations  at a rate of 1% on real  estate  loans and 1/2 of 1% on
other  invested  assets.  Advisory fees amounted to $967,  $745 and $566 for the
years ended September 30, 2002, 2001, and 2000,  respectively.  At September 30,
2002 $62 remains unpaid and is reflected in accounts payable on the consolidated
balance sheet.

The  borrower  may pay fees to REIT  for  services  rendered  in  arranging  and
restructuring  loans by the Trust. These fees, which are allowed by the advisory
agreement,  on loans arranged on behalf of the Trust and which are paid directly
by the  borrower  to REIT  amounted  to $591,  $443 and $394 for the years ended
September 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000 respectively.

REIT  arranges  for the  management  of certain  properties  for the Trust under
renewable  year-to-year  agreements.  Management  fees,  legal fees and leasing,
selling and financing  commissions incurred and reimbursed or owed to REIT or an
other  affiliated  company for the years ended September 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000
aggregated $95, $132 and $140, respectively.

The  Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Trust holds a similar  position in
One Liberty  Properties,  Inc. a related party,  is an executive  officer of the
managing general partner and was a general partner through July 1, 2001 of Gould
Investors  L.P. a related  party.  Effective July 1, 2001 Mr. Gould assigned his
general partner interest to Gould General LLC, an entity of which he is the sole
member.  During the years ended  September  30, 2002,  2001 and 2000,  allocated
general and administrative expenses charged to the Trust by Gould Investors L.P.
aggregated $647, $645 and $367, respectively.  At September 30, 2002 $76 remains
unpaid and is reflected in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheet.

NOTE 10 - COMMITMENT

The Trust maintains a non-contributory  pension plan covering eligible employees
and officers. Contributions by the Trust are made through a money purchase plan,
based upon a percent of qualified  employees'  total salary as defined.  Pension
expense  approximated  $163,  $155 and $200 during the years ended September 30,
2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


NOTE 11 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA  (Unaudited)

                                                1st Quarter     2nd Quarter    3rd Quarter   4th Quarter    Total
                                                 Oct.-Dec.       Jan.-March     April-June    July-Sept.   For Year
                                                 ---------       ----------     ----------    ----------   --------

                                                                                   2002
                                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------


<S>                                              <C>               <C>             <C>           <C>        <C>

Revenues                                         $  4,985          $  4,152        $  3,716      $ 5,119    $17,972
   Income before gain on sale of real
      estate loans and real estate
      properties and available for
      sale securities                                3,466            2,746           2,132        3,476     11,820
   Net income                                        3,456            3,343           2,122         3,665    12,586
      Per share                                  $     .47         $    .45        $    .29      $    .50    $ 1.71(a)





                                                                                   2001
                                                 --------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues                                         $  4,468         $   3,325        $  3,461      $  3,551   $ 14,805
   Income before gain on sale of real
     estate loans and real estate
     properties and available for
     sale securities                                3,085             1,453           1,834         2,267      8,639
   Net income                                       3,101             2,929           2,100         2,456     10,586
      Per share                                  $    .43         $     .41         $   .29      $    .34   $   1.47 (a)





          Per share earnings represent basic earnings per beneficial share.
(a)      Calculated on weighted average shares outstanding for the fiscal year.

</TABLE>




<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                BRT REALTY TRUST
       SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2002
                             (Amounts in Thousands)


                                           Initial Cost To Company
                                                  Buildings         Costs Capitalized
                            Encum-                   And         Subsequent to Acquisition
Description                brances       Land   Improvements   Improvements Carrying Costs Land
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>           <C>        <C>              <C>         <C>       <C>

Residential
   New York, New York         -           -            -            $16          -          -
Shopping Center/Retail
   Rock Springs, WY           -        $600       $2,483            681        $28       $600

   Yonkers, New York     $2,745           -        4,000             (8)         -          -
                         ----------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                    $2,745        $600       $6,483           $689        $28       $600



</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                BRT REALTY TRUST
       SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2002
                             (Amounts in Thousands)

                                  Gross Amount At Which Carried At
                                        September 30, 2002                                            Depreciation
                                           Buildings               Accum.                                Life For
                                              And                  Amorti-     Date Of      Date       Latest Income
Description                               Improvements     Total   zation   Construction  Acquired       Statement
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>      <C>              <C>      <C>       <C>

Residential
   New York, New York                       $16            $16        -
Shopping Center/Retail
   Rock Springs, WY                       3,192          3,792   $1,003           -        Jan-92    21-35 Years

   Yonkers, New York                      3,992          3,992      224           -        Aug-00    39 Years
                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                                    $7,200         $7,800   $1,227
                                                          (a)      (b)           (c)
 </TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                 BRT REALTY TRUST
       SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2002
                             (Amounts in Thousands)
Notes to the schedule:


(a)      Total real estate properties                                 $  7,800
           Less: Accumulated amortization                                1,227
                                                                         -----

         Net real estate properties                                   $  6,573
                                                                      ========

(b)      Amortization of the Trust's leasehold interests is over the
         shorter of estimated useful life or the term of the respective
         land lease.

(c)      Information not readily obtainable.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         A reconciliation of real estate properties is as follows:

                                                                                           Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                           ------------------------
                                                                                      2002          2001          2000
                                                                                      ----          ----          ----
                <S>                                                                  <C>           <C>          <C>

                Balance at beginning of year                                         $6,777        $6,944       $3,057
                Additions:
                Acquisitions                                                              -             -        4,000
                Capitalization of expenses                                               39           201          182
                                                                                         --           ---          ---

                                                                                      6,816         7,145        7,239
                Deductions:
                Sales/conveyances                                                         9           117          158
                Depreciation/amortization                                               234           251          137
                                                                                        ---           ---          ---
                                                                                        243           368          295
                Balance at end of year                                               $6,573        $6,777       $6,944
                                                                                     ======        ======       ======

                The aggregate cost of investments in real estate assets for federal income
                tax purposes approximates book value.

</TABLE>



<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                BRT REALTY TRUST
                   SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2002
                             (Amounts in Thousands)

                                                    FINAL
                                         # OF     INTEREST   MATURITY
          DESCRIPTION                   LOANS      RATE       DATE       PERIODIC PAYMENT TERMS
          -----------                   -----      ----       ----       ----------------------
<S>                                      <C>        <C>      <C>         <C>

First mortgage loans:
  Long term:
  Office Building, Dover, Delaware        1         8.07%    July-05     Interest and principal monthly
  Cooperative Apartments, Bronx, NY       1         7.3%      Jan-07     Interest and principal monthly

  Miscellaneous
   $0-$499                                4
   $500-999                               1
   $1,000-1,499                           1
Short term:
  Condominium Apts., Denver, CO           1   Prime + 8.25%   Jul-03     Interest monthly, principal upon unit sales
  Retail Center, California, MD           1   Prime + 7.25%   Aug-03     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Retail/ Center, Corpus Christi, TX      1   Prime + 5.0%    Dec-02     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Condominium Apts., Dunwoody, GA         1       12.00%      Jan-03     Interest monthly, principal upon unit sales
  Industrial Building, Bernardsville, NJ  1   Prime + 4.0%    Oct-02     Interest monthly, principal at maturity

Miscellaneous
  $0-$499                                4
  $500-$999                              6
  $1,000-$1,499                          4
  $1,500-$1,999                          4
  $2,000-$2,499                          2

Junior mortgage loans, Wrap-
  around mortgages and junior
  participations:

Long Term:
  Apartments, Atlanta, GA                1     11.00%        June-08    Interest monthly, principal at maturity

Miscellaneous
  $0-$499                                3
  $500-$999                              1
ShortTerm:
Apartments and office building,
San Francisco, CA                        1     Prime + 5.0%   Jan-03   Interest monthly, principal at maturity
Apartments, New York,  NY                1     13.00%         Jan-03   Interest monthly, principal at maturity
Apartments, Tampa, FL                    1     Prime + 8.25%  Jan-03   Interest monthly, principal at maturity

Miscellaneous
  $0-$499                                1
  $1,000-$1,499                          1
                                        43

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

                                       ===
<TABLE>

<CAPTION>


                                BRT REALTY TRUST
                   SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2002
                             (Amounts in Thousands)
                                                                                            PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
                                                                           CARRYING         OF LOANS SUBJECT
                                                         FACE AMOUNT        AMOUNT            TO DELINQUENT
          DESCRIPTION                     PRIOR LEINS   OF MORTGAGES     OF MORTGAGES     PRINCIPAL OR INTEREST
          -----------                     ----------    ------------     ------------     ----------------------
<S>                                     <C>               <C>              <C>                  <C>

First mortgage loans:
  Long term:
  Office Building, Dover, Delaware            -           $ 3,054          $  3,054                -
  Cooperative Apartments, Bronx, NY           -             3,200             2,675                -

  Miscellaneous
   $0-$499                                    -               181               117                -
   $500-999                                   -               719               719                -
   $1,000-1,499                               -             1,138             1,138                -
Short term:
  Condominium Apts., Denver, CO               -            10,366            10,366                -
  Retail Center, California, MD               -             8,250             8,250                -
  Retail/ Center, Corpus Christi, TX          -             3,975             3,975                -
  Condominium Apts., Dunwoody, GA             -             2,898             2,898                -
  Industrial Building, Bernardsville, NJ      -             2,600             2,600                -

Miscellaneous
  $0-$499                                     -             1,323             1,323            $ 415
  $500-$999                                   -             4,321             4,321                -
  $1,000-$1,499                               -             5,311             5,311                -
  $1,500-$1,999                               -             6,450             6,450                -
  $2,000-$2,499                               -             4,618             4,618                -

Junior mortgage loans, Wrap-
  around mortgages and junior
  participations:

Long Term:
  Apartments, Atlanta, GA               $16,200             2,950             2,950                -

Miscellaneous
  $0-$499                                 4,493               688               688                -
  $500-$999                               3,862               550               550

Short Term:
Apartments and office building,
San Francisco, CA                        61,589            11,400            11,400                -
Apartments, New York,  NY                 4,432             5,000             5,000
Apartments, Tampa, FL                     5,148             4,300
3,643

Miscellaneous
  $0-$499                                 2,130               150               150                -
  $1,000-$1,499                           7,500             1,450             1,450                -
                                        ------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $105,354           $84,892           $83,646            $ 415
                                       ========           =======           =======            =====

</TABLE>

<PAGE>



                                BRT REALTY TRUST
                   SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2002
                             (Amounts in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Notes to the schedule:

(a)      The following summary reconciles mortgages receivable at
their carrying values:

                                                                               Year Ended September 30,
                                                                               ------------------------
                                                                           2002          2001         2000
                                                                           ----          ----         ----
   <S>                                                                  <C>            <C>         <C>

   Balance at beginning of year                                         $ 66,547       $ 42,282    $ 43,301
   Additions:
   Advances under real estate loans                                       61,779         44,276      31,865
   Recovery of previously provided allowances                                500             -            -
                                                                             ---           ---          ---

                                                                         128,826         86,558      75,166
                                                                         -------         ------      ------
   Deductions:
   Collections of principal                                               40,869         20,011      32,884
   Sale of loans                                                           4,311              -           -
                                                                           -----
                                                                          45,180         20,011      32,884
                                                                          ------         ------      ------

   Balance at end of year                                              $  83,646       $ 66,547    $ 42,282
                                                                       =========       ========    ========


  (b)   The aggregate cost of investments in mortgage loans is the same for
 financial reporting purposes and Federal income tax purposes.
</TABLE>




                                  EXHIBIT 10(c)

                            SHARED SERVICES AGREEMENT

     Shared Services  Agreement (the "Agreement") dated as of January 1, 2002 by
and among Gould Investors L.P. ("Gould"),  a Delaware limited  partnership;  BRT
Realty Trust ("BRT"),  a Massachusetts  business trust; One Liberty  Properties,
Inc., a Maryland  corporation  ("OLP");  Majestic  Property  Management Corp., a
Delaware corporation  ("MPMC");  Majestic Property Affiliates,  Inc., a New York
corporation  ("Majestic");  and REIT  Management  Corp., a New York  corporation
("REIT").

     WHEREAS,  Gould has been providing to the parties to this Agreement  (Gould
and such  entities  being  referred to  collectively  herein as the  "Affiliated
Entities" and  individually as an "Affiliated  Entity")  certain  facilities and
executive and  administrative  services and the Affiliated  Entities desire that
Gould continue to provide such facilities and services to them, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein;

     WHEREAS,  one or more of the Affiliated  Entities  provides  facilities and
services to the other  Affiliated  Entities  and it is the desire of the parties
hereto that the  provision of such  services  shall  continue,  on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  foregoing  and  of the  mutual
covenants  set forth  below,  and other  good and  valuable  consideration,  the
parties agree as follows:

1.       Services

(a)  Gould has provided and shall continue to provide to each Affiliated  Entity
     the  following   services   (each  a  "Service"  and,   collectively,   the
     "Services"):

     (i) Office Space. A portion of the office  facility  currently  occupied by
Gould  to  conduct  its  business,  including,  without  limitation,  utilities,
maintenance  services,  office  furnishings and equipment,  and other associated
facilities  and services.  The portion of the office  facility  provided to each
Affiliated Entity shall be reasonable in light of the reasonable requirements of
Gould and the Affiliated Entities.

     (ii)  Administration.  Executive,  legal,  accounting,  administrative  and
clerical  personnel  and  required  administrative,   secretarial  and  clerical
services including,  but not limited to, office supplies and services,  payroll,
payroll taxes, employee benefits, billing and collection services, and financial
reporting  services  comparable to those  currently  provided for the Affiliated
Entities.

     (iii)  Mailroom  Services.  All  services  necessary  to  continue  current
mailroom services,  including, without limitation, all licenses, postage meters,
postage accounts, postage stamps, courier and express mail delivery services.

     (iv)  Telecommunications  Services.  All  services  necessary  to  maintain
current telecommunications services, including, without limitation,  telephones,
telephone line  services,  wireless  telephones,  wireless  services,  telephone
calls,  facsimile  equipment and related  maintenance  contracts and T1 line and
service for internet communications.

     (v) Computer  Services.  Data  processing  services  and personal  computer
services,  including without  limitation data process operators and software for
use in connection with such services.

(b)  Certain of the Affiliated  Entities provide the following Services to other
     Affiliated  Entities,  which the Affiliated  Entity providing such Services
     shall continue to provide:

     (i) Office Space.  A portion of its office  facility  including  utilities,
maintenance  services,  office  furnishing  and equipment  and other  associated
facilities and services.  The portion of the office  facility  provided shall be
reasonable in light of the reasonable  requirements  of each  Affiliated  Entity
involved in providing and using such office facility.

     (ii)  Administration.  Executive,  accounting,  administrative and clerical
personnel,  including  but not  limited  to  payroll,  payroll  taxes,  employee
benefits comparable to those currently being provided.

(c)  Gould  and  each  Affiliated  Entity  providing   Services  shall  use  its
     commercially  reasonable  efforts to provide  the  Services  required to be
     provided by it in a timely and efficient  manner,  and shall assign to each
     of the  Services  substantially  the same  priority  as assigned to similar
     services performed in its own operations.

2.       Term

     2.1 The term of this  Agreement  shall  commence  as of January 1, 2002 and
shall continue until December 31, 2002, unless earlier terminated or extended in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.

     2.2  The  term  of  this  Agreement  will  automatically  be  extended  for
additional  one-year  periods  unless  terminated  by  Gould  as to one or  more
Affiliated  Entities upon written  notice given to the  Affiliated  Entity to be
terminated at least three (3) months prior to the scheduled termination date.

     2.3 Any one of the Affiliated Entities, other than Gould, may withdraw from
this  Agreement  , at any time  during the term  hereof,  upon three (3) months'
prior written notice to each of the other Affiliated Entities.

     3 Fees and payment for the Services

     3.1 (a) In  consideration  of the  provision of Services to the  Affiliated
Entities,  each Affiliated Entity shall pay to Gould and to any other Affiliated
Entity providing Services, on a quarterly basis, its allocated share of the cost
of all such Services ("Allocated Expenses") based on the following formula:

(i)  The total  amount  paid by Gould and any other  Affiliated  Entity  for all
     salaries,  payroll  taxes,  and  benefits  and all  other  payroll  related
     expenses  (collectively,  "Payroll  Expenses") shall be determined for each
     quarter annual period.

(ii) The total  amount  paid by Gould and any other  Affiliated  Entity  for all
     other  costs,  including,  without  limitation,  rent,  utilities,  cost of
     supplies,  mail room expenses,  computer use,  communication costs, and all
     other operating costs (collectively,  "Overhead Costs") shall be determined
     for each quarter annual period.

(iii)Each  executive  and  administrative  employee of the  Affiliated  Entities
     performing  services  for more than one  Affiliated  Entity in any  quarter
     shall complete and deliver to the accounting personnel of Gould a timesheet
     (in the form prepared by Gould) in which such employee  shall set forth the
     percentage of the employee's working time in the applicable quarter devoted
     to the business and affairs of each Affiliated Entity.

(iv) The Payroll  Expense of each employee for the  applicable  quarter shall be
     allocated  to each  Affiliated  Entity  based on the time  devoted  by such
     employee, as set forth in the timesheet, to the business and affairs of any
     one or more Affiliated Entities.

(v)  All Overhead Costs for the applicable  quarter,  shall be allocated to each
     Affiliated  Entity by  multiplying  the Overhead Costs for the quarter by a
     fraction, the numerator of which shall be the time devoted by all personnel
     to the affairs of an Affiliated Company and the denominator of which is the
     time devoted by all  reporting  personnel to the affairs of all  Affiliated
     Companies.  Additionally,  each Affiliated Entity shall reimburse Gould and
     the Affiliated  Entities  providing  services on a quarterly  basis for all
     reasonable  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred  by Gould  or any  Affiliated
     Entity,  on behalf of an Affiliated  Entity.  Such  Allocated  Expenses and
     out-of-pocket expenses, shall be payable within thirty (30) days of the end
     of each quarter annual period.

     (b) The Payroll  Expenses and Overhead Costs  attributable  to Secretary or
clerical  person who shall not be  required to  complete  time  sheets  shall be
allocated  based on the  timesheets of the  executive for who such  secretary or
clerical person directly works and accounting personnel shall be allocated based
on the determination of the chief accounting officer of each Affiliated Entity.


          4.      Obligations and Relationship

     The  relationship  established  hereunder  between the parties shall not be
construed as a  partnership,  joint  venture or other form of joint  enterprise.
Except  as  specifically  authorized  by a  party  hereto,  no  party  shall  be
authorized to make any  representations or to create or assume any obligation or
liability in respect or on behalf of the other party,  and this Agreement  shall
not be construed as constituting either party as the agent of the other party.

5.       Limited Liability: Indemnification

     5.1 Neither  Gould nor any  Affiliated  Entity shall be liable to any other
Affiliated Entity for any loss, claim, expense or damage, or any act or omission
performed  or omitted by it  hereunder  so long as its act or omission  does not
constitute fraud, bad faith or gross negligence.  In no event shall Gould or any
Affiliated  Entity be liable for indirect,  special  consequential  or exemplary
damages.  Neither Gould nor any Affiliated  Entity  providing  services shall be
liable to any other  Affiliated  Entity for the  consequences  of any failure or
delay in  performing  any such Services if such failure shall be caused by labor
disputes, strikes or other events or circumstances beyond such person's control.

     5.2 In any action,  suit or  proceeding  (other than an action by or in the
right of Gould or any Affiliated  Entity providing  Services,) to which Gould or
any Affiliated Entity providing  Services,  or any of their respective agents or
employees  performing Services hereunder (the "Indemnitee") was or is a party by
reason  of its  performance  or  non-performance  of  Services,  all  Affiliated
Entities shall  indemnify the  Indemnitee and hold the Indemnitee  harmless from
and against expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid (with the consent of the
other party) in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in
connection therewith if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and provided that the
Indemnitee's conduct does not constitute gross negligence,  fraud or intentional
misconduct.  Any  indemnification  pursuant to this paragraph shall be allocated
among  Affiliated  Entities  in as  equitable  and  reasonable  a  manner  as is
practicable.

     6. Confidentiality

     Any and all  information  obtained  by any  party  in  connection  with the
Services  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  shall  be  held  in  the  strictest
confidence and not disclosed to any other person without the written  consent of
the other party.

     7. Notices

     All notices and other communications  permitted or required hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given when  delivered by hand to an officer of
the other party.

     8. Binding Effect

     This Agreement and all of the  provisions  hereof shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors.

     9. No Third Party Beneficiaries

     This  Agreement  is solely for the benefit of the parties  hereto and shall
not confer upon third parties any remedy,  claim, cause of action or other right
in addition to those existing without reference to this Agreement.

     10. Entire Agreement

     This Agreement  constitutes the entire  agreement  between the parties with
respect to these matters.

     11. Assignment; Amendment; Waiver

     This Agreement is not  assignable  except to a successor to the business of
Gould or any  Affiliated  Entity.  Neither  the rights  nor the  duties  arising
hereunder  may be assigned or delegated.  This  Agreement may not be amended nor
may any rights  hereunder be waived except by an instrument in writing signed by
the party  sought to be charged with the  amendment or waiver.  The failure of a
party to insist  upon  strict  adherence  to any term of this  Agreement  on any
occasion  shall not be  considered  a waiver or deprive  that party of the right
thereafter  to insist  upon strict  adherence  to that term or any other term of
this Agreement.

     12. Governing Law

     This  Agreement  shall be construed in accordance  with and governed by the
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the provisions, policies
or principles thereof relating to choice or conflict of laws.

     13. Headings

     The  section  and  other  headings  contained  in  this  Agreement  are for
reference  purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or  interpretation  of
this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused in this Agreement to be duly
executed as of the date and year first above written.

                                            GOULD INVESTORS L.P.

                                            By: Georgetown Partners, Inc.

                                            By: s/
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Matthew Gould, President

                                            BRT REALTY TRUST

                                            By: s/
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Jeffrey Gould, President

                                            ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC.

                                            By: s/
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Jeffrey Fishman, President

                                            MAJESTIC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT CORP.

                                            By: s/
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Daniel Lembo, President

                                            MAJESTIC PROPERTY AFFILIATES CORP.

                                            By: s/
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Robert Huhem, President

                                            REIT MANAGEMENT CORP.

                                            By: s/
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Fredric H. Gould, President


                   ADDENDUM TO SHARED SERVICES AGREEMENT


The Shared  Services  Agreement,  dated as of  January  1, 2002,  sets forth the
allocation of expenses among the Affiliated Entities,  which allocation has been
in  existence  and  applied for many years in the same manner as is set forth in
the  Shared  Services  Agreement.  BRT and OLP are  entities  whose  shares  are
publicly traded,  with the shares of BRT and OLP being listed for trading on The
New York Stock  Exchange and The American  Stock  Exchange,  respectively.  This
Addendum  is  intended  to clarify  certain  provisions  of the Shared  Services
Agreement and the relationship  between the Affiliated Entities and particularly
the relationship between Gould and BRT and OLP in view of the fact that Gould is
the primary provider of executive and  administrative  personnel for the benefit
of BRT and OLP. Accordingly, the following clarifications of the Shared Services
Agreement  are set forth and to the extent that the  provisions  of the Addendum
amend the Shared  Services  Agreement this addendum shall be deemed an amendment
thereof:

1.   The executive and  administrative  personnel  provided to BRT and to OLP by
     Gould (and any other Affiliated  Entity) are leased to and hired by OLP and
     BRT, and Gould (and any other Affiliated Entity providing  personnel to BRT
     or OLP) is responsible for such persons  compensation,  including  federal,
     state and local payroll taxes, FICA payments, etc.

2.   With  respect  to  personnel  hired by BRT and OLP from  Gould or any other
     Affiliated Entity, the Compensation Committees of BRT and OLP, respectively
     and  the  Board  of  Trustees  of BRT or the  Board  of  Directors  of OLP,
     respectively,  in their sole and  absolute  discretion  may grant to one or
     more of the executive and  administrative  personnel provided to them stock
     options  under  one or more of the  stock  option  plans of  either of said
     entities.  The  granting  of  options  by  either  BRT or OLP  may be  made
     notwithstanding the expenses allocated to either BRT or OLP by Gould or any
     other  Affiliated  Entity for the salary and payroll taxes of any personnel
     provided to either BRT or OLP.

3.   If any executive or administrative  personnel are "leased" to BRT or OLP by
     Gould or any other Affiliated Entity, BRT or OLP in their sole and absolute
     discretion  may reject any such  person  prior to the  commencement  of any
     activities or services, and any such person may be discharged by BRT or OLP
     at any time during the course of the  provision of such  services,  and the
     entity to which such individual or individuals  shall be assigned (BRT, OLP
     or any other Affiliated  Entity) shall control the functions and activities
     of such individual in the performance of services. Gould and the Affiliated
     Entity  providing the personnel shall have the right and power to discharge
     such individual at any time,  provided,  however,  Gould and the Affiliated
     Entity  providing  the  personnel  shall  in all  events  comply  with  the
     provisions of paragraph 1 of the Shared Services Agreement.

4.   Any Affiliated  Entity shall have the right at any time to determine and/or
     dispute  the  amount  allocated  to it,  pursuant  to the  Shared  Services
     Agreement.  If any  Affiliated  Entity  is not  satisfied  with the  amount
     allocated  to it  or  the  economic  value  attributable  to  the  services
     provided,   including,   without  limitation,   services  performed  by  an
     individual leased to an Affiliated Entity, then the dissatisfied Affiliated
     Entity  shall set forth in writing  (a  "Complaint")  the  issues  which it
     disputes  and  the  reasonable  value,  in its  judgment,  of the  services
     provided or performed and shall provide the Complaint to Gould or the other
     Affiliated  Entity  involved.  If the Affiliated  Entities  involved cannot
     agree  upon a fair  value for such  services  within a period not to exceed
     forty-five days from the receipt of the Complaint by the Affiliated  Entity
     providing  the  services,  then  the  dissatisfied  Affiliated  Entity  may
     commence an arbitration before the American Arbitration Association ("AAA")
     to determine the fair value of the services provided.  Any such arbitration
     must be commenced within six months of the expiration of the forty-five day
     period  and shall be held in the County of  Nassau,  before an  independent
     arbitrator   selected  in  accordance   with  the  rules  of  the  American
     Arbitration  Association  whose decision in connection  therewith  shall be
     final and binding upon the parties.  Each Affiliated  Entity involved shall
     bear an equal  portion of the costs  incurred in such  arbitration.  If the
     procedure  set  forth  is not  followed  the  allocation  as made  shall be
     conclusively binding on all parties.


5.   In view of the  fact  that  each  Affiliated  Entity  provides  the same or
     substantially similar employment benefits,  each individual employed by one
     Affiliated  Entity who is  providing  services  for the  benefit of another
     Affiliated  Entity  is in  receipt  of the  same or  substantially  similar
     employment  benefits  as is  provided to the  employees  of the  Affiliated
     Entity receiving such services.

6.   Pursuant  to the  Shared  Services  Agreement,  payment  for  the  services
     provided  is made on a  periodic  basis.  The  allocated  expenses  for the
     compensation of any personnel has and shall continue to include the payroll
     of any individual whose services are provided, including all payroll taxes,
     FICA, etc.




                                    EXHIBIT 21
                                    ----------

SUBSIDIARIES
------------

COMPANY                                           STATE OF INCORPORATION
-------                                           ----------------------
Hoboken Front Corp.                                      New Jersey
Huntington-Park Corporation                              New York
Forest Green Corporation                                 New York
Realty 49 Corp.                                          New York
TRB No. 1 Corp.                                          New York
TRB No. 2 Corp.                                          New York
TRB Ft. Wright Corp.                                     New York
TRB Cutter Mill Corp.                                    New York
Blue Realty Corp.                                        Delaware
620 West 172nd Street Realty Corp.                       New York
119 Madison Avenue Realty Corp.                          New York
TRB No. 3 Owners Corp.                                   Wyoming
1090 Boston Post Road Realty Corp.                       New York
TRB Fairway Office Center Corp.                          Kansas
TRB Abbotts Corp.                                        Pennsylvania
TRB Ashbourne Road Corp.                                 Pennsylvania
BRT Funding Corp.                                        New York
TRB 69th Street Corp.                                    New York
TRB Lawrence Corp.                                       New York
TRB Yonkers Corp.                                        New York
TRB Hartford Corp.                                       Connecticut
TRB Tampa Funding LLC                                    Florida
TRB Atlanta LLC                                          Georgia



<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT 23


CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form
S-8 No. 333-101681) pertaining to the 1996 Stock Option Plan of BRT Realty Trust
of our report dated December 9, 2002, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements and schedules of BRT Realty Trust included in the Annual Report (Form
10-K) for the year ended September 30, 2002.





New York, New York
December 20, 2002                              /s/
                                               -----------------------
                                               Ernst & Young LLP







                                  EXHIBIT 99.A

                  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

The undersigned, Jeffrey Gould, the Chief Executive Officer of BRT Realty Trust,
(the "Registrant"),  does hereby certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as
adopted  pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002, that based
upon a review of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,
2002 of the Registrant,  as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the "Report").

     (1) The Report fully  complies  with the  requirements  of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

     (2)  The  information  contained  in the  Report  fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and results of operations of the
Registrant.

Date:   December 18, 2002                            /s/ Jeffrey Gould
                                                     -----------------
                                                     Jeffrey Gould
                                                     Chief Executive Officer



                                  EXHIBIT 99.B

                 CERTIFICATION OF SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT-FINANCE

                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

The undersigned,  David W. Kalish,  Senior Vice  President-Finance of BRT Realty
Trust, (the "Registrant"),  does hereby certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section
1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
based  upon a review  of the  Annual  Report  on Form  10-K  for the year  ended
September 30, 2002 of the Registrant,  as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the "Report").

     (1) The Report fully  complies  with the  requirements  of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

     (2)  The  information  contained  in the  Report  fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and results of operations of the
Registrant.

Date:   December 18, 2002                   /s/ David W. Kalish
                                            -------------------
                                            David W. Kalish
                                            Senior Vice President-Finance


<PAGE>





                                  EXHIBIT 99.C

                  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

The undersigned, George Zweier, the Chief Financial Officer of BRT Realty Trust,
(the "Registrant"),  does hereby certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as
adopted  pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002, that based
upon a review of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,
2002 of the Registrant,  as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the "Report").

     (1) The Report fully  complies  with the  requirements  of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

     (2)  The  information  contained  in the  Report  fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and results of operations of the
Registrant.

Date:   December 18, 2002               /s/ George Zweier
                                        ---------------------
                                        George Zweier
                                        Chief Financial Officer














</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
