<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d50119form10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FOR THE YEAR 12/31/01
<TEXT>

================================================================================


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                             -----------------------
                                    Form 10-K

              ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                   For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001
                         Commission File Number 0-10763

                             -----------------------

                               Atrion Corporation
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

               Delaware                                          63-0821819
    (State or other jurisdiction of                           (I.R.S. Employer
    incorporation or organization)                           Identification No.)

        One Allentown Parkway,
             Allen, Texas                                           75002
 (Address of principal executive offices)                        (ZIP code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (972) 390-9800

         SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12(b) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT:

                                                           Name of Each Exchange
Title of Each Class                                         on Which Registered
-------------------                                        ---------------------
       NONE                                                         NONE

      SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT:

                                 Title of Class
                          Common Stock, $.10 Par Value

                             -----------------------

Indicate  by check  mark  whether  the  registrant:  (1) has filed  all  reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
YES__X__        NO_____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

The aggregate  market value of the voting Common Stock held by  nonaffiliates of
the registrant at March 1, 2002 was $45,135,272 based on the last reported sales
price of the common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on such date.

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at March 1, 2002: 1,695,271.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part  III  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  incorporates  by  reference
information from the Company's  definitive proxy statement  relating to the 2002
annual meeting of  stockholders,  to be filed with the Commission not later than
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report.


================================================================================

<PAGE>


                               ATRION CORPORATION

                                    FORM 10-K

                                ANNUAL REPORT TO
                     THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                   ----------

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

   ITEM                                                                     PAGE
   ----                                                                     ----
PART I.....................................................................  1

   ITEM 1.   BUSINESS......................................................  1
   ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES....................................................  9
   ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.............................................  9
   ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS...........  9
   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY....................................... 10

PART II.................................................................... 11

   ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
             STOCKHOLDER MATTERS........................................... 11
   ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA....................................... 11
   ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
             AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS..................................... 12
   ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
             MARKET RISK................................................... 16
   ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA................... 17
   ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
             ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE........................ 33

PART III................................................................... 34

   ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT............ 34
   ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION........................................ 34
   ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
             MANAGEMENT.................................................... 34
   ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS................ 34

PART IV.................................................................... 35

   ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON
             FORM 8-K...................................................... 35

SIGNATURES................................................................. 37

EXHIBIT INDEX.............................................................. 39


<PAGE>


                               ATRION CORPORATION

                                    FORM 10-K

                                ANNUAL REPORT TO
                     THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.       BUSINESS

General

Atrion Corporation ("Atrion" or the "Company") designs, develops,  manufactures,
markets,  sells and  distributes  products  and  components,  primarily  for the
medical and healthcare industry.  The Company's current operations are conducted
through three  subsidiaries,  Atrion Medical  Products,  Inc.  ("Atrion  Medical
Products"),  Halkey-Roberts  Corporation  ("Halkey-Roberts")  and Quest Medical,
Inc.  ("Quest  Medical").  The Company  also owns AlaTenn  Pipeline  Company LLC
("AlaTenn  Pipeline")  which owns and  operates a gaseous  oxygen  pipeline  and
Atrion  Leasing  Company  LLC  ("Atrion  Leasing")  which is  engaged in leasing
activities.  These two  non-medical  activities  are small and incidental to the
overall operations of the Company. Halkey-Roberts also has a line of non-medical
components that are sold for use in aviation and marine safety products.

Atrion  Medical   Products'   business,   which  is  the  design,   development,
manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution of medical products, has been in
operation  for  more  than 30  years.  Its  products  are  used  in  ophthalmic,
diagnostic and cardiovascular  procedures and are sold primarily to major health
care companies which market and distribute Atrion Medical Products' products, in
conjunction  with their name-brand  products,  to hospitals,  clinics,  surgical
centers,  physicians  and other health care  providers.  While soft contact lens
storage and disinfection systems are its more mature ophthalmic products, Atrion
Medical  Products  continues to be a leading  manufacturer  and supplier of such
products.  Soft lens storage and disinfection systems accounted for 18.7%, 16.4%
and 15.0% of the Company's total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999, respectively. A growing area of sales for Atrion Medical Products
is its  line of  ophthalmic  surgical  procedure  kits  that are  assembled  and
distributed  for  several  of  its  major  customers.  Products  sold  to  other
healthcare  companies  by Atrion  Medical  Products  include a line of inflation
devices used  primarily  in  percutaneous  balloon  angioplasty  procedures  and
diagnostic  devices  used to test blood  platelet  function  and to obtain blood
samples for the measurement of blood sugar. Atrion Medical Products also markets
a line of  name-brand  products,  called  LacriCATH(R),  which is used in a less
invasive surgical procedure for the treatment of epiphora,  or excessive tearing
of the eye. These products are sold through  commissioned  sales agents.  Atrion
Medical  Products'  design and engineering team assists its OEM customers in the
development of products.

Halkey-Roberts,  which has been in operation  for 58 years,  designs,  develops,
manufactures and sells proprietary medical device components used to control the
flow of fluids  and gases.  Its valves and clamps are used in a wide  variety of
hospital and outpatient care products, such as Foley catheters,  pressure cuffs,
dialysis and blood  collection sets and drug delivery  systems.  Within the past
several  years,  Halkey-Roberts  has  introduced  a line  of  needleless  valves


                                     - 1 -
<PAGE>


designed  to  eliminate  the use of needles  by health  care  providers  in many
routine  procedures.  These  products  use a  patented  design  and  proprietary
assembly technology. Halkey-Robertshas also applied its fluid control technology
to  inflation  valves  used  in  marine  and  aviation  safety  products.  These
components  are used  primarily  in  inflatable  life vests and  rafts.  Working
closely with its customers,  Halkey-Roberts  has developed an innovative line of
products and is a leader in each of its major markets.

Quest Medical  manufactures  and sells several medical product lines,  including
cardiovascular  products (such as pressure control valves,  filters and surgical
retracting tapes, aortic punches and catheters),  specialized  intravenous fluid
delivery tubing sets and accessories and pressure monitoring kits used primarily
in labor and  delivery.  Quest  Medical also  manufactures  and sells the MPS(R)
myocardial protection system ("MPS"), an innovative and sophisticated system for
the  delivery of  solutions  to the heart  during  open-heart  surgery.  The MPS
integrates  key  functions  relating to the  delivery of solutions to the heart,
such as varying the rate and ratio of oxygenated blood,  crystalloid,  potassium
and other additives, and controlling  temperature,  pressure and other variables
to allow simpler,  more flexible  management of this process indicating improved
patient  outcomes.  The MPS  employs  advanced  pump,  temperature  control  and
microprocessor technologies and includes a line of disposable products.

The Company has Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") approval for the use of the
MPS in cardiac  surgeries  in which the beating of the heart is not  interrupted
("beating-heart   surgery")   and  no   heart-lung   machine  is  needed.   This
less-invasive   method  of  surgery  is  beneficial  to  the  patient  but  more
challenging  to the surgeon who must rely on the heart to provide  coronary  and
systemic  circulation  throughout surgery.  The Company believes that the use of
the MPS offers a  distinct  safety  advantage  during  beating-heart  surgery by
enhancing the coronary blood flow and infusing additives, as needed, directly to
the  heart  during  the  surgery.  To  date,  response  to  the  use  of  MPS in
beating-heart  surgery has been positive.  The Company expects an increasing use
of beating-heart  surgery in the place of conventional  open-heart  surgery over
the next  several  years.  While  continuing  to  promote  the use of the MPS in
conventional  open-heart  surgery,  the Company is actively promoting the use of
the MPS for beating-heart surgery.

AlaTenn  Pipeline owns and operates a 22-mile  high-pressure  steel  pipeline in
north Alabama that transports  gaseous oxygen from an industrial gas producer to
one of its customers.

Marketing and Major Customers

Atrion  Medical  Products and  Halkey-Roberts  utilize sales  managers to market
their  products to other  manufacturers  for use as components in their consumer
products.  Atrion Medical Products also uses  commissioned  sales agents for the
marketing of LacriCATH  products.  Quest Medical is currently  marketing the MPS
and  related  disposables  through  a  direct  sales  force  as well as  through
specialty  distributors.  Most of Quest  Medical's  other  products are marketed
directly  by  telemarketing,   independent  sales   representatives,   marketing
arrangements with certain  distributors and, to a lesser extent,  through direct
mail. The Company  periodically  advertises its products in trade  journals.  In
addition,  the  Company  routinely  attends  and  participates  in  trade  shows
throughout the United States and internationally.

During 2001,  various products sold to several  divisions of Novartis  accounted
for  approximately  19% of the  Company's  revenues,  and  Novartis was the only
customer accounting for more than 10 percent of the Company's revenues. The loss
of this customer would have a material adverse impact on the Company's business,
financial condition and results of operations.



                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>


Manufacturing

The Company's  medical  products and other  components are produced at plants in
Arab, Alabama, St. Petersburg,  Florida and Allen, Texas. The plants in Arab and
St. Petersburg both utilize plastic  injection molding and specialized  assembly
as their primary  manufacturing  processes.  The Company's  other  manufacturing
processes consist of the assembly of standard and custom component parts and the
testing of completed products.

The  Company  devotes  significant  attention  to quality  control.  Its quality
control measures begin at the  manufacturing  level where many of its components
are assembled in a "clean room"  environment  designed and  maintained to reduce
product  exposure to  particulate  matter.  Products are tested  throughout  the
manufacturing  process for adherence to  specifications.  Most finished products
are then shipped to outside  processors for  sterilization  through radiation or
treatment  with  ethylene  oxide gas.  After  sterilization,  the  products  are
quarantined and tested before they are shipped to customers.

Skills of assembly  workers required for the manufacture of medical products are
similar to those required in typical assembly operations.  The Company currently
employs  workers  with the skills  necessary  for its  assembly  operations  and
believes that additional  workers with these skills are readily available in the
areas where the Company's plants are located.

The Company's  medical device  operations are ISO9001 and EN46001  certified and
are subject to FDA jurisdiction.  The Company's products are used throughout the
world and, during 2001, approximately 33 percent of the Company's total revenues
were from sales to parties outside the United States.

Research and Development

The Company believes that a well-targeted research and development program is an
essential part of the Company's activities, and the Company is currently engaged
in a number of research and development projects. The objective of the Company's
program is to develop  new  products in the  Company's  current  product  lines,
improve current products and develop new product lines. Recent major development
projects  include,  but are not limited to, a needleless  injection site product
designed to  eliminate  the use of needles by health care  providers,  a product
designed for safe needle disposal and an automatic  inflation  device for use on
life vests in the  marine  recreation  industry.  The  Company  expects to incur
additional  research  and  development  expenses in 2002 for  various  projects,
including further development of the MPS.

The Company's  consolidated research and development  expenditures for the years
ended  December  31,  2001,  2000  and 1999  were  $1,911,000,  $2,054,000,  and
$2,601,000 respectively.



                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>


Availability of Supplies and Raw Materials

The Company  subcontracts with various suppliers to provide it with the quantity
of  component  parts  necessary to assemble  its  products.  Almost all of these
components are available from a number of different suppliers,  although certain
components are purchased from single sources that  manufacture  these components
from the Company's  toolings.  The Company  believes that there are satisfactory
alternative sources for single-sourced components,  although a sudden disruption
in supply  from one of these  suppliers  could  adversely  affect the  Company's
ability to deliver  finished  products on time.  The Company owns the molds used
for production of a majority of the components  used in specialized  tubing sets
and cardiovascular  products.  Consequently,  in the event of supply disruption,
the Company would be able to fabricate its own  components or  subcontract  with
another supplier, albeit after a delay in the production process. Atrion Medical
Products and  Halkey-Roberts  purchase  various types of  high-grade  resins and
other components for their manufacturing  processes from various suppliers.  The
resins are readily  available  materials  and, while the Company is selective in
its choice of suppliers, it believes that there are no significant  restrictions
or limitations on supply.  AlaTenn  Pipeline is under no obligation to provide a
gas supply to its customer.

Patents and License Agreements

The commercial  success of the Company is dependent,  in part, on its ability to
continue to develop  patentable  products,  to preserve its trade secrets and to
operate without infringing or violating the proprietary rights of third parties.
The Company currently has 184 active patents and 23 patent applications  pending
on  products  that are either  being  sold or are in  development.  The  Company
receives royalty payments on three patents that are licensed to outside parties.
The Company has  obtained  licenses  to the rights from  outside  parties to two
patents relating to the LacriCATH product line. All of these patents and pending
patents  relate to current  products being sold by the Company or to products in
evaluation stages.

Others may challenge the validity of any patents issued to the Company,  and the
Company could encounter legal and financial difficulties in enforcing its patent
rights  against  infringers.  In addition,  there can be no assurance that other
technologies  cannot  or will  not be  developed  or that  patents  will  not be
obtained by others which would  render the  Company's  patents less  valuable or
obsolete.  With the  possible  exception  of the patent  relating  to one of the
Company's  more  mature  products,  the loss of any one patent  would not have a
material  adverse  effect on the Company's  current  revenue base.  Although the
Company does not believe that patents are the sole determinant in the commercial
success of its products,  the loss of a significant percentage of its patents or
its patents  relating to a specific  product line,  particularly the MPS product
line, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,  financial
condition and results of operations.

The Company has developed technical knowledge which, although non-patentable, is
considered by the Company to be significant in enabling it to compete.  However,
the  proprietary  nature of such  knowledge  may be  difficult  to protect.  The
Company has entered into  agreements  with key employees  prohibiting  them from
disclosing  any  confidential  information  or trade  secrets of the Company and
prohibiting them from engaging in any competitive business while employed by the
Company and for various periods thereafter.  In addition,  these agreements also
provide  that any  inventions  or  discoveries  relating to the  business of the
Company by these  individuals  will be  assigned  to the  Company and become the
Company's sole property.



                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>


The medical device industry is characterized by extensive  intellectual property
litigation,  and  companies  in the  medical  products  industry  sometimes  use
intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive  advantage.  Intellectual
property litigation,  regardless of outcome, is often complex and expensive, and
the outcome of this  litigation  is generally  difficult  to predict.  While the
Company is not  currently  involved in any  significant  litigation,  an adverse
determination  in any such  proceeding  could subject the Company to significant
liabilities to third parties, or require the Company to seek licenses from third
parties or pay royalties that may be substantial.  Furthermore,  there can be no
assurance  that  necessary  licenses  would  be  available  to  the  Company  on
satisfactory  terms  or at  all.  Accordingly,  an  adverse  determination  in a
judicial or  administrative  proceeding or failure to obtain necessary  licenses
could prevent the Company from manufacturing or selling certain of its products,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,  financial
condition and results of operations.

Competition

Depending on the product and the nature of the project,  the  Company's  medical
products  subsidiaries  compete  on  the  basis  of  their  ability  to  provide
engineering and design expertise,  quality, service, product and price. As such,
successful  competitors must have technical strength,  responsiveness and scale.
The Company  believes  that its  expertise and  reputation  for quality  medical
products have allowed it to compete  favorably  with respect to each such factor
and to maintain long-term relationships with its customers.  However, in many of
the Company's  markets,  the Company competes with numerous other companies that
have substantially  greater financial resources and engage in substantially more
research and development activities than the Company.  Furthermore,  innovations
in surgical techniques or medical practices could have the effect of reducing or
eliminating market demand for one or more of the Company's products.

Atrion  Medical  Products  manufactures  products for certain  major health care
companies  and is dependent on several  customers for the majority of its sales.
Because its  products  are  somewhat  limited in number and  normally are only a
component of the ultimate product sold by its customers, Atrion Medical Products
is dependent on its ability to meet the  requirements of those major  healthcare
companies  and must  continually  be attentive to the need to  manufacture  such
products at  competitive  prices and in  compliance  with  strict  manufacturing
standards.  This risk is somewhat  minimized by Atrion Medical Products' ability
to obtain  long-term,  exclusive  manufacturing  rights while its customers have
long-term  marketing  rights.  Atrion Medical  Products depends on the sales and
marketing efforts of those customers to sell their products.  Therefore,  Atrion
Medical Products seeks highly successful companies with which to do business.

Depending on the product and the nature of the project,  Atrion Medical Products
competes on the basis of its ability to provide engineering and design expertise
as well as on the  basis of  product  and  price.  As  Atrion  Medical  Products
continues  to expand its  product  lines,  adding new  products  and  customers,
dependency on a limited  number of customers is being  reduced.  Atrion  Medical
Products  frequently designs products for a customer or potential customer prior
to entering into long-term  development and  manufacturing  agreements with that
customer.   Atrion  Medical   Products   competes  with  a  number  of  contract
manufacturers of medical products. Most of these competitors are small companies
that do not offer the breadth of services  offered by Atrion Medical Products to
its customers.



                                     - 5 -
<PAGE>


The United States is the principal market for the LacriCATH product. There is no
direct  competition  in the United  States  where both the product and  surgical
procedure  are  patent-protected.  LacriCATH  products are marketed  directly to
ophthalmologists  through  commissioned  sales  agents.  The  LacriCATH  line is
marketed to a large base of customers and is not dependent on a single customer.

Halkey-Roberts  competes  in the medical  products  market and in the market for
inflation devices used in marine and aviation equipment. In the medical products
market,  Halkey-Roberts is a leading provider of check valves and medical clamps
and has only one major  competitor for each of those products.  In the inflation
device market, Halkey-Roberts is the dominant provider in its market areas. With
the exception of one large company, Halkey-Roberts' competitors in both of these
markets generate less than $50 million annually in revenues.

Numerous  companies  compete  with Quest  Medical in the sale of  cardiovascular
products,  specialized  tubing sets and pressure  monitoring kits. These markets
are dominated by  established  manufacturers  that have broader  product  lines,
greater distribution  capabilities,  substantially greater capital resources and
larger  marketing,  research and  development  staffs and facilities  than Quest
Medical.  Many of these  competitors  offer  broader  product  lines  within the
specific  product  market  and in the  general  field  of  medical  devices  and
supplies.  Broad  product  lines give many of Quest  Medical's  competitors  the
ability to negotiate  exclusive,  long-term medical device supply contracts and,
consequently,  the  ability to offer  comprehensive  pricing of their  competing
products.  By offering a broader  product  line in the general  field of medical
devices and  supplies,  competitors  may also have a  significant  advantage  in
marketing competing products to group purchasing  organizations,  HMOs and other
managed care organizations that are increasingly seeking to reduce costs through
centralization of purchasing functions. In addition, Quest Medical's competitors
may use price reductions to preserve market share in their product markets.  The
Company is not aware of any [integrated]  cardioplegia delivery system currently
being marketed that competes with the MPS.

Government Regulation

Products

The  manufacture  and sale of medical  products  are  subject to  regulation  by
numerous governmental authorities, principally the FDA and corresponding foreign
agencies. The research and development,  manufacturing, promotion, marketing and
distribution  of medical  products  in the United  States  are  governed  by the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the regulations  promulgated  thereunder
("FDC Act and  Regulations").  The Company's  medical product  subsidiaries  and
certain of their  customers are subject to inspection by the FDA for  compliance
with  such  regulations  and  procedures.  Atrion  Medical  Products'  and Quest
Medical's facilities are registered with the FDA.



                                     - 6 -
<PAGE>


The FDA has traditionally  pursued a rigorous enforcement program to ensure that
regulated  entities  comply with the FDC Act and  Regulations.  A company not in
compliance may face a variety of regulatory actions,  including warning letters,
product  detentions,  device  alerts,  mandatory  recalls or field  corrections,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production,  injunctive actions
or civil  penalties  and  criminal  prosecutions  of the company or  responsible
employees,  officers and directors.  The Company's medical products subsidiaries
and certain of their  customers  are subject to these  inspections.  The Company
believes that it has met all FDA  requirements  [, and it also believes that its
medical device OEM customers are in compliance];  however, if the Company or its
OEM medical device customers  should fail the FDA  inspections,  it could have a
material  adverse  impact on the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations.

Under  the  FDA's   requirements,   if  a  manufacturer  can  establish  that  a
newly-developed  device is  "substantially  equivalent"  to a  legally  marketed
device, the manufacturer may seek marketing clearance from the FDA to market the
device  by  filing a 510(k)  premarket  notification  with the FDA.  The  510(k)
premarket  notification  must be  supported  by data  establishing  the claim of
substantial equivalence to the satisfaction of the FDA. The process of obtaining
a 510(k)  clearance  typically can take several  months to a year or longer.  If
substantial  equivalence cannot be established or if the FDA determines that the
device  requires  a  more  rigorous  review,  the  FDA  will  require  that  the
manufacturer  submit a premarket  approval  ("PMA")  that must be  reviewed  and
approved  by the FDA prior to  marketing  and sale of the  device in the  United
States. The process of obtaining a PMA can be expensive,  uncertain and lengthy,
frequently requiring anywhere from one to several or more years from the date of
FDA  submission.  Both a 510(k) and a PMA, if granted,  may include  significant
limitations  on the  indicated  uses for which a product  may be  marketed.  FDA
enforcement  policy strictly prohibits the promotion of approved medical devices
for unapproved uses. In addition, product approvals can be withdrawn for failure
to comply with regulatory  requirements or the occurrence of unforeseen problems
following  initial  marketing.  The  Company  believes  that it [and  all of its
current  medical  device OEM  customers]  is in  compliance  with  these  rules;
however, there is no assurance that the Company or its OEM customers are now, or
will  continue  to be, in  compliance  with such  rules.  If the  Company or its
customers do not meet these standards, the Company's financial performance could
be adversely affected.  Furthermore, delays by the FDA in approving a product or
a customer's product could delay the Company's  expectations for future sales of
certain products.

Certain products  manufactured by Halkey-Roberts  are also subject to regulation
by  the  Coast  Guard  and  the  Federal  Aviation  Administration  and  similar
organizations  in  foreign  countries  which  regulate  the safety of marine and
aviation equipment.

Third-Party Reimbursement and Cost Containment

In the United States, health care providers, including hospitals and physicians,
that purchase medical products for treatment of their patients generally rely on
third-party  payors,  principally  federal Medicare,  state Medicaid and private
health  insurance  plans,  to  reimburse  all or a part of the  costs  and  fees
associated with the procedures performed using these products.  Accordingly, the
Company is  dependent,  in part,  upon the ability of health care  providers  to
obtain satisfactory reimbursement from third-party payors for medical procedures
in  which  the  Company's  products  are  used.   Third-party  payors  may  deny
reimbursement  if they  determine  that a  prescribed  product has not  received
appropriate regulatory clearances or approvals, is



                                     - 7 -
<PAGE>


not used in accordance with  cost-effective  treatment  methods as determined by
the payor, or is experimental, unnecessary or inappropriate.

Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly by country and
by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on
a country-by-country  basis. Many international markets have  government-managed
health care systems that control  reimbursement for new products and procedures.
In  most   markets,   there   are   private   insurance   systems   as  well  as
government-managed  systems.  Market  acceptance  of the  Company's  products in
international  markets  depends,  in  part,  on the  availability  and  level of
reimbursement.

Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement for hospitals is based on a fixed amount for
admitting  a  patient  with  a  specific   diagnosis.   Because  of  this  fixed
reimbursement method,  hospitals may seek to use less costly methods in treating
Medicare and Medicaid patients. Frequently,  reimbursement is reduced to reflect
the availability of a new procedure or technique,  and as a result hospitals are
generally  willing  to  implement  new cost  saving  technologies  before  these
downward  adjustments take effect.  Likewise,  because the rate of reimbursement
for certain  physicians who perform  certain  procedures has been and may in the
future be reduced,  physicians may seek greater cost  efficiency in treatment to
minimize any negative  impact of reduced  reimbursement.  Third party payors may
challenge  the prices  charged for medical  products  and  services and may deny
reimbursement  if they determine  that a device was not used in accordance  with
cost-effective treatment methods as determined by the payor, was experimental or
was used for an unapproved application.

Failure  by  hospitals  and  other  users of the  Company's  products  to obtain
reimbursement  from  third-party  payors,  or adverse  changes in government and
private  third-party  payors'  policies  toward   reimbursement  for  procedures
employing the Company's  products,  could have a material  adverse effect on the
Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the
Company is unable to predict what additional legislation or regulation,  if any,
relating to the health care industry or third-party  coverage and  reimbursement
may be enacted in the  future,  or what effect such  legislation  or  regulation
would have on the Company.

Political,  economic and  regulatory  influences  are  continuing to subject the
health care industry in the United  States to  fundamental  change.  The Company
anticipates  that  Congress,  state  legislatures  and the  private  sector will
continue  to review and assess  alternative  health  care  delivery  and payment
systems.  Potential  approaches that have been considered include mandated basic
health care benefits,  controls on health care spending  through  limitations on
the growth of private  health  insurance  premiums  and  Medicare  and  Medicaid
spending,  the creation of large insurance purchasing groups, price controls and
other fundamental changes to the health care delivery system. Legislative debate
is  expected  to  continue  in the  future,  and market  forces are  expected to
continue  demanding  reduced  costs.  The Company cannot predict what impact the
adoption of any federal or state  health care reform  measures,  future  private
sector reform or market forces may have on its business.

Advisory Board

Several physicians and perfusionists with substantial  expertise in the field of
myocardial protection serve as Clinical Advisors for the Company. These Clinical
Advisors have assisted in the  identification of the market need for MPS and its
subsequent design and development.



                                     - 8 -
<PAGE>


Members of the Company's management and scientific and technical staff from time
to time consult with these Clinical  Advisors to better understand the technical
and  clinical  requirements  of the  cardiovascular  surgical  team and  product
functionality  needed to meet those  requirements.  The Company anticipates that
these Clinical  Advisors will play a similar role with respect to other products
and may assist the Company in educating  other  physicians in the use of the MPS
and related products.

Certain of the Clinical  Advisors are employed by academic  institutions and may
have  commitments to, or consulting or advisory  agreements with, other entities
that may limit their availability to the Company. The Clinical Advisors may also
serve as consultants to other medical device  companies.  The Clinical  Advisors
are not  expected  to devote  more  than a small  portion  of their  time to the
Company.

People

At  February  28,  2002,  the  Company  had 443  full-time  employees.  Employee
relations   are  good  and  there  has  been  no  work  stoppage  due  to  labor
disagreements.  None of the  Company's  employees  is  represented  by any labor
union.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

The  headquarters of the Company are located in Allen,  Texas in a Company-owned
facility.  Quest Medical's office,  manufacturing  and warehouse  activities are
located at the Company's  headquarters  facility in Allen,  Texas. This facility
consists of a 108,000-square-foot  office,  manufacturing and warehouse building
situated on  approximately  14.8 acres and 4.3 acres  adjacent to such  property
which are unimproved.  Atrion Medical Products owns three office buildings and a
manufacturing  facility that are located on a 67-acre site in Arab, Alabama. The
three office buildings house administrative,  engineering and design operations,
and the  manufacturing  facility contains  approximately  112,000 square feet of
manufacturing  space.   Halkey-Roberts  has  a  ten-year  operating  lease  that
commenced in May 1996 on a manufacturing and administrative  facility located on
a 7-acre site in St. Petersburg, Florida. The facility consists of approximately
72,000 square feet.

AlaTenn Pipeline owns and operates a 22-mile  high-pressure  steel pipeline that
transports gaseous oxygen between Decatur and Courtland, Alabama.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There were no material pending legal  proceedings to which the Company or any of
its  subsidiaries  was a party or of which any of their property was the subject
as of February 28, 2002.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

None


                                     - 9 -
<PAGE>


Executive Officers of the Company

         Name              Age                            Title
         ----              ---                            -----
Emile A. Battat            64           Chairman,  President and Chief Executive
                                        Officer of the Company  and  Chairman or
                                        President of all subsidiaries

Jeffery Strickland         43           Vice   President  and  Chief   Financial
                                        Officer,  Secretary and Treasurer of the
                                        Company    and   Vice    President    or
                                        Secretary-Treasurer of all subsidiaries

The persons who are  identified as executive  officers of the Company  currently
serve as  officers  of the Company  and all  subsidiaries.  The  officers of the
Company and its subsidiaries  are elected  annually by the respective  Boards of
Directors  of the  Company  and its  subsidiaries  at the first  meeting of such
Boards of  Directors  held after the annual  meetings  of  stockholders  of such
entities.  Accordingly,  the  terms of  office of the  current  officers  of the
Company and its subsidiaries  will expire at the time such meetings of the Board
of Directors of the Company and its  subsidiaries are held, which is anticipated
to be in May 2002.

There are no  arrangements or  understandings  between any officer and any other
person  pursuant  to  which  the  officer  was  elected.  There  are  no  family
relationships between any of the executive officers or directors.

There have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal  proceedings and
no  judgments  or  injunctions  material  to the  evaluation  of the ability and
integrity of any executive officers during the past five years.

Brief Account of Business Experience During the Past Five Years

Mr.  Battat  has been a  director  of the  Company  since 1987 and has served as
Chairman of the Board of the Company since  January 1998.  Mr. Battat has served
as  President  and Chief  Executive  Officer of the  Company  and as Chairman or
President of all  subsidiaries  since October  1998.  From March 1994 to October
1998,  Mr. Battat served as President  and Chief  Executive  Officer of Piedmont
Enterprises, Inc., a privately held consulting firm.

Mr.  Strickland  has  served  as Vice  President  and Chief  Financial  Officer,
Secretary and Treasurer of the Company since  February 1, 1997. He has served as
Vice President of Atrion Medical  Products and of  Halkey-Roberts  since January
1997 and as Vice President of Quest Medical since December 1997. Mr.  Strickland
served as Vice  President-Corporate  Development of the Company from May 1992 to
February 1997 and as Assistant  Secretary and Assistant Treasurer of the Company
from  May  1990  until  February  1997.  Mr.  Strickland  also  served  as  Vice
President-Planning of Alabama-Tennessee  Natural Gas Company from May 1992 until
February  1997  and  as  Vice   President  and  Chief   Financial   Officer  and
Secretary-Treasurer of Alabama-Tennessee  Natural Gas Company from February 1997
until May 1997.


                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>



                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The  Company's  common  stock is traded on the Nasdaq  National  Market  (Symbol
ATRI). As of March 7, 2002, the Company had  approximately  1,500  stockholders,
including  beneficial  owners  holding shares in "nominee" or "street" name. The
high and low closing  prices as reported by Nasdaq for each  quarter of 2000 and
2001 are shown below.

    Year Ended
    December 31, 2000:                             High               Low
    ------------------                             ----               ---
    First Quarter                                $ 12.38            $ 10.00
    Second Quarter                               $ 12.94            $ 10.75
    Third Quarter                                $ 12.94            $ 12.06
    Fourth Quarter                               $ 15.00            $ 10.63

    Year Ended
    December 31, 2001:                             High               Low
    ------------------                             ----               ---
    First Quarter                                $ 15.88            $ 13.75
    Second Quarter                               $ 25.74            $ 15.19
    Third Quarter                                $ 25.70            $ 19.51
    Fourth Quarter                               $ 38.05            $ 23.39

No dividends were declared or paid during 2001, and the Company presently has no
plans to pay cash dividends.  See Item 7: "Management's  Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Selected Financial Data
(In thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          2001            2000           1999             1998            1997
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
Revenues                                $57,605         $51,447         $49,917         $43,397          $30,277

Income (loss) from continuing
     operations                           4,262           2,663           2,128           1,478           (2,045)(a)

Net income                                9,754(b)        2,792           2,293           2,140           17,170(a)

Total assets                             64,287          63,690          64,640          60,415           60,942

Long-term debt                           17,125           7,400          10,417              --              203

Income (loss) from continuing
     operations, per basic share           2.10            1.30            0.82            0.46            (0.63)

Net income per basic share                 4.80(b)         1.36            0.88            0.67             5.33

Dividends per share                          --              --              --              --             0.60

Average basic shares outstanding          2,033           2,047           2,593           3,203            3,224
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>


a    The 1997 amounts include an impairment loss of $3.0 million after tax and a
     charge for a product replacement program of $.7 million after tax.

b    Includes a $5.5 million after-tax gain ($ 2.70 per share) from discontinued
     operations (See Note 2)

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

Results of Operations

The Company's  income from  continuing  operations was $4.3 million or $2.10 per
basic and $1.88 per diluted  share in 2001  compared  to income from  continuing
operations  of $2.7  million or $1.30 per basic and $1.25 per  diluted  share in
2000 and $2.1 million or $.82 per basic and $.81 per diluted share in 1999.  Net
income,  including  discontinued  operations,  totaled $9.8 million or $4.80 per
basic and $4.30 per diluted  share in 2001  compared  with $2.8 million or $1.36
per basic and $1.31 per diluted share in 2000 and $2.3 million or $.88 per basic
and $.87 per diluted share in 1999.

Operating  revenues  were $57.6  million in 2001  compared with $51.4 million in
2000 and $49.9 million in 1999. The 12% revenue  increase in 2001 over the prior
year  reflected  increases in revenues in most of the  Company's  major  product
lines. The areas which realized the greatest  percentage  increases included the
Company's ophthalmology  products,  kitting operations and the MPS product line.
The 3% revenue  growth  experienced in 2000 was led by these same product lines.
However, unusually large product shipments in late 1999 to some of the Company's
significant  customers  that were  building up  inventory  levels of some of its
other  products  negatively  impacted  2000 revenues and  significantly  reduced
revenue growth between those years.

The  Company's  cost of sales was $35.8  million  in 2001  compared  with  $31.6
million in 2000 and $30.3  million in 1999.  The  increase  in cost of sales for
2001 over 2000 and for 2000 over 1999 was  primarily  related  to the  increased
sales mentioned above and the impact of increased manufacturing volumes.

Gross profits were $21.8 million in 2001 compared with $19.9 million in 2000 and
$19.6  million in 1999.  The  increase in gross  profit in 2001 over 2000 and in
2000  over  1999  was  primarily  the  result  of the  above  mentioned  revenue
increases.  The  Company's  gross  profit  in 2001 was 38  percent  of  revenues
compared  with 39 percent of revenues in 2000 and in 1999.  The decline in gross
profit  percentage  in 2001 from the prior years was  primarily due to increased
costs of a specialty  resin used in one of the Company's  major  products.  This
increase was caused by a temporary  shortage of supply of the resin caused by an
explosion at the supplier's  plant. This problem was resolved at the end of 2001
and prices for this resin have since returned to normal.

Operating  expenses  were $16.0  million in 2001  compared with $15.6 million in
2000 and $16.5 million in 1999. The increase in operating  expenses from 2000 to
2001 was primarily  attributable to increased General and  Administrative  (G&A)
expenses  offset  partially by reductions  of Selling  expenses and, to a lesser
extent, Research and Development (R&D) expenses. G&A expenses for 2001 were $1.3
million  higher  than G&A  expenses  for 2000  primarily  as a result  of higher
spending on outside services, compensation and benefit programs. The decrease in
Selling  expenses  in 2001  from  2000 of  $762,000  was  primarily  related  to
reductions in compensation



                                     - 12 -
<PAGE>


and benefit  programs and  travel-related  expenses.  R&D expenses were $143,000
lower for 2001 compared with 2000  primarily as a result of reduced  spending on
outside services and qualification materials. The decrease in operating expenses
from 1999 to 2000 was primarily attributable to reduced G&A expenses and reduced
R&D expenses  partially offset by increased Selling  expenses.  G&A expenses for
2000 were  $446,000  less than the prior year  primarily  as a result of reduced
spending on outside services and compensation and benefit programs. R&D expenses
were $547,000  lower for 2000 as compared  with 1999.  This  reduction  resulted
primarily  from the  Company's  reduced R&D efforts on  non-core  products  with
limited market potential.

The  Company's  operating  income for 2001 was $5.8 million  compared  with $4.2
million in 2000 and $3.1 million in 1999.  Revenue growth,  cost containment and
cost reduction  activities were the major  contributors to the operating  income
improvements during the three-year period.

Net  interest  expense  was  $223,000  in 2001  compared to $654,000 in 2000 and
$257,000 in 1999. The reduction in 2001 from 2000 was primarily related to lower
interest  rates and the Company's  lower average  borrowing  level in 2001.  The
Company's  borrowing  of funds  under  its  revolving  credit  facility  in late
December 2001 in connection  with its repurchase of outstanding  common stock of
the Company  under a tender  offer is expected to result in  increased  interest
expense  in  2002.  The  increase  in  interest  expense  from  1999 to 2000 was
primarily  attributable to the higher average  borrowing level in 2000 caused by
additional  borrowings under the Company's revolving credit facility to fund its
repurchases of outstanding common stock of the Company during 1999 and 2000. The
increase in other income in 2001 is primarily related to the Company's  one-time
pre-tax gain of $428,000 on the sale of a patent.

Income tax expense in 2001 totaled $1,803,000 compared with $923,000 in 2000 and
$741,000 in 1999.  The  differences  between  years  reflect  changes in pre-tax
income between the respective years.

The Company  believes that 2002 revenues at all  operations  will be higher than
2001 revenues at those operations and that the cost of goods sold, gross profit,
operating  income,  net interest  expense and income from continuing  operations
will each be higher in 2002 than in 2001.


Discontinued Operations

During 1997, the Company sold all of its natural gas  operations.  The financial
statements  presented  herein  reflect the Company's  natural gas  operations as
discontinued operations for all periods presented. The financial statements also
reflect an after-tax gain on disposal of these  discontinued  operations of $5.5
million or $2.70 per basic and $2.42 per diluted  share in 2001,  $.1 million or
$.06 per basic and  diluted  share in 2000 and $.2 million or $.06 per basic and
diluted share in 1999.

In addition to the initial  consideration  received in 1997 upon the sale of the
natural gas operations,  certain annual  contingent  deferred  payments of up to
$250,000 per year were to be paid to the Company over an eight-year period which
began in 1999,  with the amount  paid each year to be  dependent  upon  revenues
received by the purchaser from certain gas transportation contracts. The Company
received  deferred  payments of $250,000 each,  before tax from the purchaser in
April  1999,  2000 and 2001  which  are  reflected  in each  year as a gain from
discontinued  operations of $165,000,  net of tax. The 2001 gain also includes a
$5,326,000 non-cash gain from reversal of a reserve established when the Company


                                     - 13 -
<PAGE>


disposed of its  natural  gas  operations  in 1997.  This  reversal in the third
quarter of 2001 followed the resolution of an outstanding contingency related to
the sale of those assets. The 2000 gain reflected above is net of a $36,000 loss
related to the sale of certain residual properties associated with the Company's
natural gas operations.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company has a $25 million revolving credit facility (the "Credit  Facility")
with a regional bank to be utilized for the funding of operations  and for major
capital projects or acquisitions subject to certain limitations and restrictions
(see Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Borrowings under the
Credit  Facility  bear  interest  that is payable  monthly at 30-day,  60-day or
90-day LIBOR, as selected by the Company, plus one percent. At December 31, 2001
the  Company  had  outstanding  borrowings  of $17.1  million  under the  Credit
Facility.  The Credit  Facility,  which  expires  November  12,  2004 and may be
extended under certain  circumstances,  contains various  restrictive  covenants
none of  which  is  expected  to  impact  the  Company's  liquidity  or  capital
resources.

As of December 31, 2001,  the Company had cash and cash  equivalents of $542,000
compared with $159,000 at December 31, 2000.  The Company had long-term  debt as
of December 31, 2001 of $17.1 million  compared with $7.4 million as of December
31, 2000.  The increase in cash and cash  equivalents  from December 31, 2000 to
December 31, 2001 was primarily funded by net cash from operating activities and
borrowings  under the Company's Credit Facility  remaining after  repurchases of
outstanding  common  stock of the Company and  purchases of new  machinery.  The
increase in  long-term  debt from  December  31,  2000 to December  31, 2001 was
primarily related to a $17.4 million  repurchase of outstanding  common stock of
the Company under a tender offer in December  2001.  Cash provided by continuing
operations  increased to $8.7  million in 2001  compared to $7.4 million in 2000
and $5.3 million in 1999. Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment
for  continuing  operations  totaled  $2.8  million in 2001  compared  with $3.3
million  in 2000 and  $12.1  million  in  1999.  Included  in the  1999  capital
expenditure  amount was $6.5  million for the purchase of the  Company's  Allen,
Texas facility.

As previously discussed,  the Company recorded a non-cash gain from discontinued
operations during 2001. The gain had no effect on the Company's cash position or
the balance of its outstanding  indebtedness  and it will not have any impact on
earnings from continuing operations in future periods.

The Company  believes  that its existing cash and cash  equivalents,  cash flows
from  operations,  borrowings  available  under the Company's  Credit  Facility,
supplemented,  if necessary,  with equity or debt  financing,  which the Company
believes  would be available,  will be  sufficient  to fund the  Company's  cash
requirements for at least the foreseeable future.

Companies sometimes establish legal entities for a specific business transaction
or activity in the form of a Special  Purpose Entity (SPE).  SPEs may be used to
facilitate off-balance sheet financing, acquiring financial assets, raising cash
from  owned  assets  and  similar  transactions.  The  Company  has no SPEs,  no
off-balance   sheet   financing   arrangements   or  any  derivative   financial
instruments.

In January 1998,  the Board of Directors  discontinued  the payment of quarterly
cash  dividends.  Such  action  was taken to  facilitate  the  Company's  growth
strategy as well as to bring the



                                     - 14 -
<PAGE>


Company's  dividend  policy  more in line with other  companies  in the  medical
products industry.

Impact of Inflation

The Company experiences the effects of inflation primarily in the prices it pays
for labor,  materials and services.  Over the last three years,  the Company has
experienced  the effects of moderate  inflation  in these costs.  At times,  the
Company has been able to offset a portion of these increased costs by increasing
the sales  prices  of its  products.  However,  competitive  pressures  have not
allowed for full recovery of these cost increases.

New Accounting Pronouncements

The Financial  Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") has issued SFAS No. 141, SFAS
No. 142, SFAS No. 143 and SFAS No.144. The impact to the Company for these items
is described in Note 1 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Critical Accounting Policies

In the ordinary  course of business,  the Company has made a number of estimates
and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial
condition in the  preparation  of its financial  statements  in conformity  with
accounting  principles  generally accepted in the United States of America.  The
Company  believes that the  following  discussion  addresses the Company's  most
critical  accounting  policies,  which are those that are most  important to the
portrayal  of  the  Company's   financial  condition  and  results  and  require
management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments, often as a result
of the need to make  estimates  about the effect of matters that are  inherently
uncertain.  Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under
different assumptions and conditions.

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value. The Company records
provisions for estimated  obsolescence  or  unmarketable  inventory equal to the
difference  between the cost of inventory and the  estimated  market value based
upon  assumptions  about  future  demand and  market  conditions.  The  physical
condition  (e.g.,  age and quality) of the  inventories  is also  considered  in
establishing its valuations.

The  Company  assesses  the  impairment  of  long-lived   assets,   identifiable
intangibles and related  goodwill  whenever  events or changes in  circumstances
indicate that the carrying  value may not be  recoverable.  This review is based
upon  projections of anticipated  future cash flows.  While the Company believes
that its estimates of future cash flows are  reasonable,  different  assumptions
regarding such cash flows or future changes in the Company's business plan could
materially affect its evaluations. No such changes are anticipated at this time.

Forward-looking Statements

The  statements in this  Management's  Discussion  and Analysis and elsewhere in
this Annual Report that are forward looking are based upon current expectations,
and actual  results may differ  materially.  Therefore,  the  inclusion  of such
forward-looking  information  should not be regarded as a representation  by the
Company  that the  objectives  or plans of the Company  will be  achieved.  Such
statements include, but are not limited to, the Company's expectations



                                     - 15 -
<PAGE>


regarding future revenues,  cost of sales,  gross profit,  operating income, net
interest expense, income from continuing operations, cash flows from operations,
and  availability  of equity and debt  financing.  Words such as  "anticipates,"
"believes,"  "intends,"  "expects"  and  variations  of such  words and  similar
expressions   are  intended  to  identify   such   forward-looking   statements.
Forward-looking   statements   contained   herein  involve  numerous  risks  and
uncertainties, and there are a number of factors that could cause actual results
to differ  materially,  including,  but not limited to, the following:  changing
economic, market and business conditions;  acts of war or terrorism; the effects
of  governmental  regulation;  the impact of competition  and new  technologies;
slower-than-anticipated  introduction  of  new  products  or  implementation  of
marketing   strategies;   implementation  of  new  manufacturing   processes  or
implementation of new information  systems; the Company's ability to protect its
intellectual  property;  changes  in the  prices of raw  materials;  changes  in
product  mix;  product  liability  claims and  product  recalls;  the ability to
attract  and  retain  qualified  personnel  and  the  loss  of  any  significant
customers. In addition,  assumptions relating to budgeting,  marketing,  product
development and other  management  decisions are subjective in many respects and
thus  susceptible  to  interpretations  and periodic  review which may cause the
Company to alter its marketing,  capital expenditures or other budgets, which in
turn may affect the Company's results of operations and financial condition.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Interest Rates

The  Company  has  an  $25.0  million  credit  facility  with a  regional  bank.
Borrowings  under the Credit Facility bear interest at 30-day,  60-day or 90-day
LIBOR, as selected by the Company,  plus one percent.  The Company is subject to
interest  rate risk  based on an  adverse  change in the  30-day,  60-day or the
90-day LIBOR. At December 31, 2001, the Company had borrowings  under the Credit
Facility of $17.1 million.  A one percent  increase in the market  interest rate
would reduce the Company's annual pretax income by approximately $171,000 at the
current borrowing level.



                                     - 16 -
<PAGE>


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Atrion Corporation:

We  have  audited  the  accompanying   consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Atrion
Corporation (a Delaware  corporation)  and  subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001
and 2000 and the related  consolidated  statements  of income and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001.  These  financial
statements   are  the   responsibility   of  the   Company's   management.   Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management  as well  as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all  material  respects,  the  financial  position  of  Atrion  Corporation  and
subsidiaries  as of  December  31,  2001  and  2000  and the  results  of  their
operations  and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2001 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States.


/s/Arthur Andersen LLP

Atlanta, Georgia
February 25, 2002



                                     - 17 -
<PAGE>


                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
             (For the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               2001                2000                1999
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               (In thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                          <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Revenues                                                     $ 57,605            $ 51,447            $ 49,917
Cost of Goods Sold                                             35,777              31,561              30,337
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross Profit                                                   21,828              19,886              19,580
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Operating Expenses:
      Selling                                                   6,248               7,010               6,841
      General and administrative                                7,849               6,576               7,022
      Research and development                                  1,911               2,054               2,601
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               16,008              15,640              16,464
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Operating Income                                                5,820               4,246               3,116

Interest Expense, net                                            (223)               (654)               (257)

Other Income (Expense), net                                       468                  (6)                 10
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from Continuing Operations before Provision
  for Income Taxes                                              6,065               3,586               2,869

Income Tax Provision (Note 4)                                  (1,803)               (923)               (741)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income from Continuing Operations                               4,262               2,663               2,128

Gain on Disposal of Discontinued Operations,
  net of tax (Note 2)                                           5,492                 129                 165
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net Income                                                   $  9,754            $  2,792            $  2,293
=============================================================================================================

Earnings Per Basic Share:
      Continuing operations                                  $   2.10            $   1.30            $   0.82
      Discontinued operations                                    2.70                0.06                0.06
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net Income Per Basic Share                                   $   4.80            $   1.36            $   0.88
=============================================================================================================

Weighted Average Basic Shares Outstanding                       2,033               2,047               2,593
=============================================================================================================

Earnings Per Diluted Share:
      Continuing Operations                                  $   1.88            $   1.25            $   0.81
      Discontinued operations                                    2.42                0.06                0.06
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net Income Per Diluted Share                                 $   4.30            $   1.31            $   0.87
=============================================================================================================

Weighted Average Diluted Shares Outstanding                     2,272               2,135               2,631
=============================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these statements.


                                     - 18 -
<PAGE>



                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                        As of December 31, 2001 and 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets:                                                                           2001      2000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   (In thousands)
<S>                                                                              <C>       <C>
Current Assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                    $   542   $   159
    Accounts receivable, net                                                       7,559     7,175
    Inventories, net (Note 1)                                                     11,114    10,110
    Prepaid expenses                                                               1,463       575
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  20,678    18,019
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Property, Plant and Equipment:
    Original cost (Note 1)                                                        39,866    37,472
    Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                                14,488    11,225
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  25,378    26,247
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Assets and Deferred Charges:
    Patents, net of accumulated amortization of $6,543 and $6,238 in
      2001 and 2000, respectively (Note 1)                                         2,707     3,012
    Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization of $4,114 and $3,511 in
      2001 and 2000, respectively (Note 1)                                        12,216    12,803
    Other                                                                          3,308     3,609
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  18,231    19,424
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 $64,287   $63,690
==================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these balance sheets.


                                     - 19 -
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity:                                              2001        2000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    (In thousands)
<S>                                                                              <C>         <C>
Current Liabilities:
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                     $  5,337    $  4,518
    Accrued income and other taxes                                                    109         187
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    5,446       4,705
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Long-term Debt (Note 3)                                                            17,125       7,400
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Liabilities and Deferred Credits:
    Deferred income taxes (Note 4)                                                  1,576       6,470
    Other                                                                             965       1,101
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    2,541       7,571
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12)

Stockholders' Equity:
    Common stock, par value $0.10 per share, authorized
      10,000,000 shares, issued 3,419,953 shares in 2001 and 2000 (Note 5)            342         342
    Paid-in capital                                                                 7,991       6,419
    Retained earnings (Note 8)                                                     61,660      51,906
    Treasury shares, 1,732,032 shares in 2001 and 1,427,660 shares
      in 2000, at cost (Note 5)                                                   (30,818)    (14,653)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   39,175      44,014
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 $ 64,287    $ 63,690
======================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these balance sheets.


                                     - 20 -
<PAGE>


                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
             (For the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     2001             2000             1999
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 (In thousands)
<S>                                                               <C>               <C>               <C>
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
   Net income                                                     $  9,754          $  2,792          $  2,293
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
     provided by operating activities:
     Gain on disposal of discontinued operations (Note 2)           (5,492)             (129)             (165)
     Depreciation and amortization                                   4,569             4,119             3,975
     Deferred income taxes                                             316                77               593
     Tax benefit related to stock plans                              1,238                --                --
     Other                                                            (262)             (242)             (744)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    10,123             6,617             5,952
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Changes in current assets and liabilities:
     Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable                       (384)              592              (489)
     Increase in other current assets                               (1,893)             (575)             (184)
     Increase (decrease) in accounts payable                           253               170               (35)
     Increase in other current liabilities                             605               578                13
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Net cash provided by continuing operations                        8,704             7,382             5,257

   Net cash provided by discontinued operations
       (Note 2)                                                        165               165               165
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     8,869             7,547             5,422
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
   Property, plant and equipment additions, net                     (2,808)           (3,289)          (12,102)
   Patent Sale                                                         428                --                --
   Proceeds from disposal of discontinued operations                    --               199                --
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    (2,380)           (3,090)          (12,102)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
   Net increase (decrease) in long-term indebtedness                 9,725            (3,017)           10,214
   Issuance of treasury stock                                        1,778                85                --
   Purchase of treasury stock                                      (17,609)           (1,436)           (9,099)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    (6,106)           (4,368)            1,115
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                383                89            (5,565)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                           159                70             5,635
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                            $    542          $    159          $     70
===============================================================================================================

Cash paid for:
   Interest (net of capitalized amounts)                          $    272          $    746          $    283

   Income taxes (net of refunds)                                     1,217                 4               186
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these statements.



                                     - 21 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(1)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

      Atrion Corporation  designs,  develops,  manufactures and markets products
      primarily for the medical and healthcare industry. As of December 31, 2001
      the principal  subsidiaries  of the Company through which it conducted its
      operations were Quest Medical,  Inc.,  Atrion Medical  Products,  Inc. and
      Halkey-Roberts Corporation.

      Principles of Consolidation

      The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  accounts of Atrion
      Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries   (the  "Company").   All  significant
      intercompany   transactions   and  balances   have  been   eliminated   in
      consolidation.

      Cash and Cash Equivalents

      Cash  equivalents  are securities  with original  maturities of 90 days or
      less.

      Inventories

      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  Cost is determined
      by using the first-in,  first-out method.  The following table details the
      major components of inventory (in thousands):

                                                     December 31,
                                               2001               2000
            --------------------------------------------------------------
            Raw materials                   $   6,188         $   5,483
            Finished goods                      4,189             3,778
            Work in process                       888               980
            Reserve for obsolescence             (151)             (131)
            --------------------------------------------------------------
            Net inventory                   $  11,114         $  10,110
            ==============================================================

      Property, Plant and Equipment

      Property,  plant and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated using the
      straight-line  method  over the  estimated  useful  lives  of the  related
      assets,  ranging  from three to 30 years.  Expenditures  for  repairs  and
      maintenance  are  charged to  expense as  incurred.  The  following  table
      represents a summary of property,  plant and equipment at original cost as
      of December 31, 2001 and 2000 (in thousands):

                                                           December 31,
                                                         2001       2000
            ---------------------------------------------------------------
            Land                                      $  1,506    $  1,506
            Buildings                                   10,834      10,578
            Machinery and equipment                     27,526      25,388
            ---------------------------------------------------------------
            Total property, plant and equipment       $ 39,866    $ 37,472
            ===============================================================

      Depreciation expense of $3,743,000, $3,225,000 and $3,079,000 was recorded
      for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

      Goodwill and Patents

      Goodwill  represents  the  excess  of cost over the fair  market  value of
      tangible and identifiable intangible net assets acquired.  Values assigned
      to patents were agreed to at



                                     - 22 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

      the time of the acquisition between selling and acquiring parties. Through
      December 31, 2001, goodwill was being amortized over 25 years. Patents are
      being amortized over the remaining lives of the individual patents,  which
      are 5 to 15  years.  Goodwill  and  patents,  as well as other  long-lived
      assets,  are  reviewed  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in
      circumstances  indicate  that the carrying  amount of the asset may not be
      recoverable,  as determined  based on the  undiscounted  cash flows of the
      operations acquired over the remaining  amortization period. There were no
      impairments  recorded in the periods presented.  Management of the Company
      will continue to evaluate the  realizability  of its  intangible and other
      long-lived  assets as changes in the medical and healthcare  industry take
      place.

      Research and Development Costs

      Research and development costs relating to the development of new products
      and improvements of existing products are expensed as incurred.

      Revenues

      For the  majority of its  products,  the Company  recognizes  revenue from
      sales when products are shipped to customers.  For certain other  products
      revenue  is  recognized  based  on  usage or time  under  defined  leasing
      agreements.  Revenue is recognized only when all of the following criteria
      are met: 1) persuasive  evidence that an arrangement  exists,  2) delivery
      and   performance,   3)  fixed  or   determinable   sales   price  and  4)
      collectibility  is reasonably  assured.  Provisions are made for bad debts
      where  appropriate  and are reviewed  periodically.  The allowance for bad
      debts  was   $113,000   and  $44,000  at  December   31,  2001  and  2000,
      respectively.

      Income Taxes

      The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of
      Statement of Financial  Accounting Standard ("SFAS") No. 109,  "Accounting
      for Income  Taxes." The asset and  liability  approach used under SFAS No.
      109 requires  recognition of deferred tax assets and  liabilities  for the
      expected  future tax  consequences  of temporary  differences  between the
      financial  reporting basis and the tax basis of the Company's other assets
      and liabilities (see Note 4).

      New Accounting Pronouncements

      In July 2001,  the FASB issued  Statement No. 141 ("SFAS 141"),  "Business
      Combinations,"  and Statement  No. 142 ("SFAS  142"),  "Goodwill and Other
      Intangible Assets." SFAS 141 eliminates pooling of interest accounting and
      requires that all business  combinations  initiated after June 30, 2001 be
      accounted  for  using  the  purchase  method.   SFAS  142  eliminates  the
      amortization of goodwill and certain other intangible  assets and requires
      the Company to evaluate  goodwill  for  impairment  on an annual  basis by
      applying a fair value test.  SFAS 142 also requires  that an  identifiable
      intangible asset which is determined to have an indefinite useful economic
      life not be amortized,  but separately  tested for impairment using a fair
      value-based  approach.  As of  December  31,  2001,  the  Company  had not
      recorded any identifiable intangible assets that have an indefinite useful
      life.

      The Company adopted SFAS 142 effective  January 1, 2002. As a result,  the
      amortization of existing  goodwill ceased on December 31, 2001, which will
      result  in a  decrease  in  amortization  expense  from the 2001  level of
      approximately  $603,000 before tax, $428,000 after tax, in 2002.  However,
      the Company will be required to test its goodwill for impairment under the
      new standard  effective for the first quarter of 2002,



                                     - 23 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

      which  could have an adverse  effect on the  Company's  future  results of
      operations  if these  assets  are deemed  impaired.  The  Company  has not
      determined if a goodwill asset  write-down  will occur upon adoption.  The
      Company plans to engage an independent firm to assist in the evaluation of
      its major goodwill  assets.  The remaining  goodwill asset balance totaled
      $12.2 million at December 31, 2001.

      In June  2001,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS No.  143,  "Accounting  for  Asset
      Retirement Obligations." SFAS No. 143 establishes accounting standards for
      the recognition and measurement of legal  obligations  associated with the
      retirement of tangible  long-lived assets. This statement is effective for
      the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2003. The Company does not anticipate
      that the adoption of this  statement  will have an impact on the Company's
      results of operations or financial position.

      In July 2001,  the FASB  issued  SFAS No. 144  "Impairment  or Disposal of
      Long-Lived  Assets,"  which is  effective  for the fiscal  year that began
      January  1,  2002.  The  provisions  of this  statement  provide  a single
      accounting   model  for   impairment  of  long-lived   assets,   including
      discontinued operations. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption
      of this  statement  will  have  an  impact  on the  Company's  results  of
      operations or financial position.

      Estimates

      The  preparation  of financial  statements in conformity  with  accounting
      principles  generally accepted in the United States requires management to
      make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported amounts of assets
      and liabilities  and  disclosures of contingent  assets and liabilities at
      the dates of the financial  statements and the reported amount of revenues
      and expenses  during the reporting  periods.  Actual  results could differ
      from those estimates.

      Financial Presentation

      Certain   prior-year  amounts  have  been  reclassified  to  conform  with
      current-year presentation.

(2)   Discontinued Operations

      During  1997,  the Company  sold all of its natural  gas  operations.  The
      consolidated  financial  statements presented herein reflect the Company's
      natural  gas  operations  as  discontinued   operations  for  all  periods
      presented.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  reflect  a  gain  on
      disposal of these  discontinued  operations  of  $5,492,000,  $129,000 and
      $165,000 in 2001,  2000 and 1999,  respectively.  These amounts include an
      income tax benefit of $5,126,000 in 2001 and are net of income tax expense
      of $67,000 and $85,000 in 2000 and 1999, respectively.

      In addition to the initial consideration received in 1997 upon the sale of
      the natural gas operations, certain annual contingent deferred payments of
      up to $250,000 per year were to be paid to the Company over an  eight-year
      period which began in 1999, with the amount paid each year to be dependent
      upon revenues  received by the purchaser  from certain gas  transportation
      contracts. The Company received deferred payments of $250,000 each, before
      tax from the purchaser in April 1999, 2000 and 2001 which are reflected in
      each year as a gain from discontinued  operations of $165,000, net of tax.
      The 2001 gain also includes a $5,326,000  non-cash gain from reversal of a
      reserve   established  when  the  Company  disposed  of  its  natural  gas
      operations in 1997. This



                                     - 24 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

      reversal  in the third  quarter  of 2001  followed  the  resolution  of an
      outstanding contingency related to the sale of those assets. The 2000 gain
      reflected  above is net of a $36,000  loss  related to the sale of certain
      residual properties associated with the Company's natural gas operations.

(3)   Long-term Debt and Other Borrowings

      Long-term debt as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 consisted of the following
      (in thousands):

                                                2001           2000
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
        Revolving credit facility             $17,125        $ 7,400
        Less amounts due in one year               --             --
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                              $17,125        $ 7,400
        ================================================================

      The Company has a revolving  credit  facility  ("Credit  Facility") with a
      regional  bank.  In  December  2001 the Credit  Facility  arrangement  was
      amended to increase the credit line under the Credit  Facility  from $18.5
      million to $25.0  million.  Under the Credit  Facility,  the  Company  and
      certain  of its  subsidiaries  have a line of credit  which is  secured by
      substantially  all  inventory,  equipment  and accounts  receivable of the
      Company.  Interest under the Credit Facility is assessed at 30-day, 60-day
      or 90-day LIBOR,  as selected by the Company,  plus one percent (3.081% at
      December 31, 2001) and is payable monthly. The term of the Credit Facility
      expires November 12, 2004 and may be extended under certain circumstances.
      At  any  time  during  the  term,  the  Company  may  convert  any  or all
      outstanding  amounts  under  the  Credit  Facility  to a term  loan with a
      maturity of two years.  The  Company's  ability to borrow  funds under the
      Credit  Facility  from  time to  time is  contingent  on  meeting  certain
      covenants  in the loan  agreement,  the most  restrictive  of which is the
      ratio of total debt to earnings before interest,  income tax, depreciation
      and amortization. At December 31, 2001, the Company was in compliance with
      all financial covenants.

      On December 31, 2001, the estimated fair value of long-term debt described
      above was  approximately  the same as the carrying  amount of such debt on
      the  consolidated   balance  sheet.  The  fair  value  was  calculated  in
      accordance with the requirements of SFAS No. 107,  "Disclosures  About the
      Fair Value of Financial Instruments," and was estimated by discounting the
      future cash flows using rates currently  available to the Company for debt
      instruments with similar terms and remaining maturities.



                                     - 25 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

(4)   Income Taxes

      The items comprising  income tax expense for continuing  operations are as
      follows:

                                          2001       2000      1999
                                                (In thousands)
      ------------------------------------------------------------------
      Current  -- Federal               $ 1,520      $ 579     $ 181
               -- State                     188         85        93
      ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          1,708        664       274

      Deferred  -- Federal                   74        225       424
                -- State                     21         34        43
      ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             95        259       467
      ------------------------------------------------------------------

      Total income tax expense          $ 1,803      $ 923     $ 741
      ==================================================================

      Temporary  differences and carryforwards  which gave rise to a significant
      portion of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2001 and
      2000 are as follows:

                                                 2001           2000
                                                    (In thousands)
      -------------------------------------------------------------------
      Deferred tax assets:
      Benefit plans                            $   603        $  569
      Tax credits                                  816           934
      Other, net                                   922         1,159
      -------------------------------------------------------------------
           Subtotal                              2,341         2,662
           Valuation allowance                      --           (68)
      -------------------------------------------------------------------
           Total deferred tax assets            $2,341        $2,594
      ===================================================================

      Deferred tax liabilities:

      Depreciation and property basis
      differences                               $2,654        $2,516
      Pensions                                     333           384
      Other, net                                   930         6,164
      -------------------------------------------------------------------
           Total deferred tax liabilities       $3,917        $9,064
      ===================================================================

      The  deferred  tax assets as of December  31, 2001  reflected in the table
      above include alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $423,000 and
      research and development (R&D) tax credit  carryforwards of $393,000.  The
      R&D tax credit carryforwards expire from 2018 to 2021. Management believes
      that  a  valuation  allowance  is not  necessary  based  on the  Company's
      earnings  history,  the  projections  for future  taxable income and other
      relevant  considerations  over the periods  during  which the deferred tax
      assets become deductible.



                                     - 26 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

      Total income tax expense for continuing operations differs from the amount
      that would be provided by applying the statutory  federal  income tax rate
      to pretax earnings as illustrated below:
                                                    2001       2000     1999
                                                          (In thousands)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income tax expense at the statutory
     federal income tax rate                      $ 2,062    $ 1,219    $ 975
Increase (decrease) resulting from:
     State income taxes                               220        141      136
     Decrease in valuation allowance                  (68)       (63)      --
     Research and development credit                  (52)      (130)    (101)
     Foreign Sales Corporation benefit               (352)      (265)    (269)
     Other, net                                        (7)        21       --
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total income tax expense                          $ 1,803    $   923    $ 741
================================================================================

(5)   Common Stock

      The Board of  Directors  of the  Company has at various  times  authorized
      repurchases of Company stock in open-market or negotiated  transactions at
      such times and at such prices as management  may from time to time decide.
      The  Company  has  effected  a  number  of   open-market   or   negotiated
      transactions  to purchase  its stock  during the past three  years.  These
      repurchases  totaled  10,300,  114,500 and 220,900 shares during the years
      2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively,  at per share prices ranging from $7.77
      to $21.75.  As of December 31, 2001, there remained  authorization for the
      repurchase of 140,200 additional shares. The Company made one tender offer
      during  2001 and two  tender  offers  during  1999  purchasing  a total of
      1,146,289 shares of its common stock. Pursuant to these tender offers, the
      Company  purchased  502,229 shares of its common stock at $34.50 per share
      in December  2001,  342,536 shares of its common stock at $12.00 per share
      in December  1999,  and 301,524  shares of its common  stock at $10.00 per
      share in April 1999. All shares  purchased in the tender offers and in the
      open-market  or  negotiated   transactions  became  treasury  shares  upon
      repurchase by the Company. The Company utilized 234,900 treasury shares in
      2001 in  connection  with the exercise of options  under its various stock
      option plans (see note 9). Employees tendered to the Company 26,743 shares
      of common stock in  connection  with the  exercise of these stock  options
      which also became treasury  shares.  At December 31, 2001 and 2000,  there
      were 1,732,032 and 1,427,660 shares, respectively, of common stock held in
      treasury.   The  cost  of  these   shares  is  shown  as  a  reduction  in
      stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.

      The Company has a Common Share Purchase Rights Plan,  which is intended to
      protect the interests of stockholders in the event of a hostile attempt to
      take over the Company. The rights, which are not presently exercisable and
      do not  have any  voting  powers,  represent  the  right of the  Company's
      stockholders to purchase at a substantial discount, upon the occurrence of
      certain  events,  shares of common stock of the Company or of an acquiring
      company involved in a business  combination  with the Company.  In January
      2000,  this plan,  which was adopted in February  1990, was extended until
      February 2005.



                                     - 27 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

(6)   Earnings Per Share

      The following is the computation for basic and diluted  earnings per share
      from continuing operations:

                                                         2001     2000      1999
                                                          (In thousands, except
                                                            per share amounts)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from continuing operations                       $4,262   $2,663   $2,128

Weighted average basic shares outstanding                2,033    2,047    2,593
Add: Effect of dilutive securities (options)               239       88       38
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding              2,272    2,135    2,631
================================================================================

Earnings per share from continuing operations:
         Basic                                          $ 2.10   $ 1.30   $ 0.82
         Diluted                                        $ 1.88   $ 1.25   $ 0.81
================================================================================

(7)   Stock Option Plans

      The  Company's  1997 Stock  Incentive  Plan  provides for the grant to key
      employees of incentive and nonqualified stock options,  stock appreciation
      rights,  restricted stock and performance  shares. In addition,  under the
      1997  Stock  Incentive  Plan,  outside  directors  (directors  who are not
      employees  of the  Company or any  subsidiary)  receive  automatic  annual
      grants of  nonqualified  stock options to purchase  2,000 shares of common
      stock.  The aggregate number of shares of common stock reserved for grants
      under the 1997 Stock  Incentive  Plan is the sum of 500,000 shares and the
      number of shares  reserved for issuance under prior plans in excess of the
      number of shares as to which  options  have been  granted,  including  any
      shares subject to previously granted options that lapse, expire, terminate
      or are  canceled.  The purchase  price of shares issued on the exercise of
      incentive  options must be at least equal to the fair market value of such
      shares on the date of grant.  The purchase  price for shares issued on the
      exercise of nonqualified  options and restricted and performance shares is
      fixed by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The options
      granted become exercisable as determined by the Compensation Committee and
      expire no later than 10 years after the date of grant.

      During  1990 and  1994,  the  stockholders  of the  Company  approved  the
      adoption of the  Company's  1990 Stock  Option Plan and 1994 Key  Employee
      Stock  Incentive Plan,  respectively,  which provided for the grant to key
      employees  of incentive  and  nonqualified  options to purchase  shares of
      common  stock of the  Company.  During 1998,  the  Company's  stockholders
      approved the adoption of the Company's 1998 Outside Directors Stock Option
      Plan which,  as amended,  provided for the automatic  grant on February 1,
      1998 and February 1, 1999 of  nonqualified  stock options to the Company's
      outside directors. Although no additional options may be granted under the
      1990 Stock Option Plan, the 1994 Key Employee Stock  Incentive Plan or the
      1998 Outside  Directors Stock Option Plan, all  outstanding  options under
      those plans  continue to be governed by the terms and  conditions of those
      plans and the existing option agreements for those grants.


                                     - 28 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

      Option transactions for the years 1999, 2000 and 2001 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Shares               Price Per Share
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>             <C>               <C>
Options outstanding at December 31, 1998             664,300         $  6.88    --    17.00
     Granted in 1999                                  99,000         $  7.63    --     7.63
     Expired in 1999                                (271,750)        $  6.88    --    17.00
     Exercised in 1999                                    --         $  0.00    --     0.00
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Options outstanding at December 31, 1999             491,550         $  6.88    --    15.17
     Granted in 2000                                  48,300         $ 11.56    --    12.31
     Expired in 2000                                 (38,300)        $  6.88    --    12.25
     Exercised in 2000                                (9,200)        $  6.88    --     9.00
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Options outstanding at December 31, 2000             492,350         $  6.88    --    15.17
     Granted in 2001                                  81,000         $ 14.06    --    22.50
     Expired in 2001                                 (13,600)        $  6.88    --    12.25
     Exercised in 2001                              (234,900)        $  6.88    --    22.50
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Options outstanding at December 31, 2001             324,850         $  6.88    --    22.50
================================================================================================
</TABLE>

      As of December 31, 2001,  options for 174,350 of the  above-listed  shares
      were  exercisable and there remained  280,484 shares for which options may
      be granted in the future  under the 1997  Stock  Incentive  Plan.  For the
      324,850  options  outstanding at December 31, 2001,  the weighted  average
      exercise price was $11.62 and the weighted average  remaining life was 7.2
      years.

      The Company accounts for stock options under  Accounting  Principles Board
      ("APB") Opinion No. 25, which requires compensation costs to be recognized
      only when the option exercise price is below the market price at the grant
      date. SFAS No. 123,  "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation,"  allows a
      company to follow APB Opinion No. 25 with an  additional  disclosure  that
      shows what the  company's  pro forma net income would have been using SFAS
      No. 123.

      Pro forma  information  regarding  net  income and  earnings  per share as
      required  by SFAS  No.  123 has  been  determined  as if the  Company  had
      accounted  for its  stock  options  under  the fair  value  method of that
      statement.  The fair value for these  options was estimated at the date of
      grant  using a  Black-Scholes  option  pricing  model  with the  following
      weighted average assumptions for 2001, 2000 and 1999:

                                                2001        2000        1999
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Risk-free interest rate                    5.2%         6.6%       4.9%
      Dividend yield                             0.0%         0.0%       0.0%
      Volatility factor                         33.0%        30.0%      30.0%
      Weighted average expected life          7 years      7 years    7 years
      ==========================================================================



                                     - 29 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

      For purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the  estimated  fair value of the
      options is amortized to expense over the  options'  vesting  periods.  The
      Company's  pro forma net  income  and  earnings  per basic  share  were as
      follows:

                                          2001            2000          1999
                                        (In thousands except per share amounts)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income - as reported                 $9,754          $2,792        $2,293
Net income - pro forma                   $9,479          $2,274        $1,839
Earnings per basic share - as reported    $4.80           $1.36         $0.88
Earnings per basic share - pro forma      $4.66           $1.11         $0.71
Weighted average fair value of options
     granted during the year              $7.06           $5.57         $3.29
================================================================================

      The Black-Scholes option pricing model was developed for use in estimating
      the fair value of traded  options which have no vesting  restrictions  and
      are fully transferable.  In addition,  option valuation models require the
      input of highly  subjective  assumptions,  including  expected stock price
      volatility.  Because the  Company's  stock  options  have  characteristics
      significantly  different from those of traded options and because  changes
      in the subjective input  assumptions can materially  affect the fair value
      estimate, in management's opinion, the model used for the above disclosure
      does  not  provide  a  reliable  measure  of the fair  value of its  stock
      options.

(8)   Retained Earnings

      The following table reflects changes in consolidated retained earnings for
      the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999:

                                            2001            2000        1999
                                                      (In thousands)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, beginning of year                $ 51,906       $ 49,114    $ 46,821
Add:  Net income for the year                9,754          2,792       2,293
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, end of year                      $ 61,660       $ 51,906    $ 49,114
================================================================================

(9)   Revenues From Major Customers

      The Company had one major customer which represented  approximately  $11.0
      million  (19.1  percent),  $8.9 million (17.3  percent),  and $8.3 million
      (16.6 percent) of the Company's  operating revenues during the years 2001,
      2000 and 1999, respectively.

(10)  Industry Segment and Geographic Information

      SFAS No. 131,  "Disclosures  About  Segments of an Enterprise  and Related
      Information"   establishes   standards  for  reporting  information  about
      operating  segments in annual financial  statements and requires reporting
      selected information about operating segments in interim financial reports
      issued to stockholders.  The Company  operates in one reportable  industry
      segment: designing,  developing,  manufacturing and marketing products for
      the  medical  and  healthcare   industry  and  has  no  foreign  operating
      subsidiaries.  The Company's  product lines include pressure relief valves
      and inflation



                                     - 30 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

      systems  which are sold  primarily to the aviation and marine  industries.
      Due  to  the  similarities  in  product   technologies  and  manufacturing
      processes,  these  products  are managed as part of the  medical  products
      segment.   The  Company  recorded  incidental  revenues  from  its  oxygen
      pipeline,  which  totaled  approximately  $950,000 in each of the years of
      2001,  2000 and 1999.  Pipeline net assets totaled  $2,737,000 at December
      31, 2001. Company revenues from sales to parties outside the United States
      totaled  approximately  33 percent of the Company's total revenues in 2001
      and 22  percent  of the  Company's  total  revenues  in 2000 and 1999.  No
      Company assets are located outside the United States.

(11)  Employee Retirement and Benefit Plans

      A  noncontributory  defined benefit  retirement plan is maintained for all
      regular employees of the Company except those of Quest Medical.  This plan
      was amended  effective  January 1, 1998 to become a cash  balance  pension
      plan.  The Company's  funding  policy is to make the annual  contributions
      required by applicable regulations and recommended by its actuary.

      The  changes  in the plan's  projected  benefit  obligation  ("PBO") as of
      December 31, 2001 and 2000 are as follows (in thousands):

                                                           2001        2000
                                                           ----        ----
      Change in Benefit Obligation
      Benefit obligation, January 1                    $ 4,268      $ 3,429
      Service cost                                         369          383
      Interest cost                                        296          271
      Actuarial loss                                        12          522
      Benefits paid                                       (346)        (337)
      ------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Benefit obligation, December 31                  $ 4,599      $ 4,268
      ========================================================================

      The changes in the fair value of plan  assets,  funded  status of the plan
      and the  status  of the  prepaid  pension  benefit  recognized,  which  is
      included in the Company's balance sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000,
      are as follows (in thousands):



                                     - 31 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

                                                          2001          2000
                                                          ----          ----
Change in Plan Assets
Fair value of plan assets, January 1                    $ 5,497       $ 5,872
Actual return on plan assets                               (601)          (38)
Benefits paid                                              (346)         (337)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fair value of plan assets, December 31                  $ 4,550       $ 5,497
================================================================================

Funded status of plan                                   $   (49)      $ 1,229
Unrecognized actuarial loss                               1,118            28
Unrecognized prior service cost                              84            89
Unrecognized net transition obligation                     (175)         (219)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net amount recognized as other assets                   $   978       $ 1,127
================================================================================

      The components of net periodic  pension cost for 2001,  2000 and 1999 were
      as follows (in thousands):

                                                      2001     2000     1999
                                                      ----     ----     ----
      Components of Net Periodic
           Pension Cost
      Service cost                                  $  369    $  383   $  315
      Interest cost                                    296       271      226
      Expected return on assets                       (477)     (506)    (421)
      Prior service cost amortization                    6         6        6
      Actuarial gain                                    --        (9)      (7)
      Transition amount amortization                   (44)      (44)     (43)
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net periodic pension cost                     $  150    $  101   $   76
      ==========================================================================

      Actuarial  assumptions used to determine the values of the PBO at December
      31, 2001 and 2000 and the benefits  cost for 2001,  2000 and 1999 included
      the  following:  a discount rate of 7.25 percent for 2001 and 2000,  and a
      discount  rate of 7.75 percent for 1999;  an estimated  long-term  rate of
      return  on plan  assets of 9 percent  in 2001 and 2000,  and 8 percent  in
      1999; and an estimated weighted average rate of compensation increase of 5
      percent in 2001 and 2000,  and 6 percent in 1999. As of December 31, 2001,
      the plan's  assets were  invested in mutual funds as follows:  equity,  76
      percent; fixed income, 22 percent; and money market, 2 percent.

      The Company also sponsors a defined  contribution  plan for all employees.
      Each participant may contribute certain amounts of eligible  compensation.
      The  Company  makes a matching  contribution  to the plan.  The  Company's
      contribution  under this plan was $258,000 in 2001,  $272,000 in 2000, and
      $250,000 in 1999.




                                     - 32 -
<PAGE>


                               Atrion Corporation
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements--(Continued)

(12)  Commitments and Contingencies

      The Company is subject to legal proceedings,  third-party claims and other
      contingencies related to product liability, regulatory, employee and other
      matters that arise in the ordinary  course of business.  In the opinion of
      management,  the  amount of  potential  liability  with  respect  to these
      actions  will not  materially  affect the  Company's  financial  position,
      results of operations or liquidity.

      The  Company  has   arrangements   with  its   executive   officers   (the
      "Executives")  pursuant to which the termination of their employment under
      certain circumstances would result in lump sum payments to the Executives.
      Termination  under such  circumstances  in 2002 could  result in  payments
      aggregating   $4.9   million,   excluding  any  excise  tax  that  may  be
      reimbursable by the Company.

      In May 1996, Halkey-Roberts  Corporation  ("Halkey-Roberts") began leasing
      the land, building and building  improvements in St. Petersburg,  Florida,
      which serve as  Halkey-Roberts'  headquarters and manufacturing  facility,
      under a 10-year lease. The lease provides for monthly payments,  including
      certain lease payment  escalators,  and provides for certain  sublease and
      assignment  rights.  The lease  also  provides  the  right of  either  the
      landlord or  Halkey-Roberts  to  terminate  the lease on 12 months  notice
      effective  at any time after May 21,  2002.  The  Company  has  guaranteed
      Halkey-Roberts'  payment and performance  obligations under the lease. The
      lease is being accounted for as an operating lease, and the rental expense
      for the  years  ended  December  31,  2001,  2000 and  1999 was  $372,000,
      $361,000 and $351,000 respectively. Future minimum rental commitment under
      this lease is $384,000 in 2002.


 (13) Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

      Quarterly financial data for 2001 and 2000 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Quarter                Operating              Operating                                Earnings Per Basic
         Ended                  Revenue                Income               Net Income               Share
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   (In thousands, except per share amounts)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>                     <C>                   <C>                     <C>
          03/31/01          $    14,803             $   1,413             $      905              $   0.45
          06/30/01               14,776                 1,513                  1,433                  0.71
          09/30/01               15,418                 1,733                  6,503 (a)              3.17 (a)
          12/31/01               12,608                 1,161                    913                  0.44
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          03/31/00          $    12,985             $     864             $      532              $   0.25
          06/30/00               13,042                 1,044                    738                  0.36
          09/30/00               12,459                 1,056                    728                  0.36
          12/31/00               12,961                 1,282                    794                  0.39
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(a)  Includes a $5.3 million after-tax gain ($ 2.60 per share) from discontinued
     operations (See Note 2)

ITEM 9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

      None


                                     - 33 -
<PAGE>


                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Directors

The  information  for  this  item  relating  to  directors  of  the  Company  is
incorporated by reference from the Company's  definitive proxy statement for its
2002 annual meeting of stockholders.

Executive Officers

The information  for this item relating to executive  officers of the Company is
set forth on pages 10 through 11 of this report.

The  information  required  by Item 405 of  Regulation  S-K is  incorporated  by
reference  from the  Company's  definitive  proxy  statement for its 2002 annual
meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The  information  for this item is  incorporated by reference from the Company's
definitive proxy statement for its 2002 annual meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners

The  information  for this item is  incorporated by reference from the Company's
definitive proxy statement for its 2002 annual meeting of stockholders.

Security Ownership of Management

The  information  for this item is  incorporated by reference from the Company's
definitive proxy statement for its 2002 annual meeting of stockholders.

Changes in Control

The Company knows of no  arrangements  that may at a subsequent date result in a
change in control of the Company.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

None


                                     - 34 -
<PAGE>


                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8--K

(a)  1.   Financial Statements:
          See  Item  8:  "Financial   Statements  and  Supplementary  Data"  and
          financial statement pages attached hereto.

     2.   Financial Statement Schedules:

          All financial statement schedules have been omitted since the required
          information is included in the  consolidated  financial  statements or
          the notes thereto or is not applicable or required.

     3.   Exhibits: (Numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K)
          The  exhibits  listed  below  are filed as part of this 2001 Form 10-K
          Report.  Those exhibits  previously filed and  incorporated  herein by
          reference are identified by a note reference to the previous filing.

(b)  Reports on Form 8-K:

     None

Exhibit
Numbers                                 Description
-------                                 -----------

  2a      Asset  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  March  19,  1997,  between  Atrion
          Corporation and Midcoast Energy Resources, Inc. (1)

  2b      Asset Purchase Agreement,  dated as of December 29, 1997, by and among
          Quest Medical, Inc., QMI Acquisition Corp. and Atrion Corporation (2)

  3a      Certificate of Incorporation of Atrion Corporation, dated December 30,
          1996(3)

  3b      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Atrion Corporation (18)

  4a      Rights  Agreement,  dated as of  February  1,  1990,  between  AlaTenn
          Resources,  Inc. and American  Stock  Transfer & Trust  Company  which
          includes the form of Right Certificate as Exhibit A and the Summary of
          Rights to Purchase Common Shares as Exhibit B (5)

  4b      Second Amendment to Rights Agreement (6)

  10a*    1990 Stock Option Plan (7)

  10b*    Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (8)

  10c*    1994 Key Employee Stock Incentive Plan (9)

  10d*    Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (10)

  10e*    Atrion Corporation 1997 Stock Incentive Plan (11)

  10f*    Atrion Corporation 1998 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan (12)

  10g*    Form of Stock Option Agreement (13)

  10h*    Atrion  Corporation  Incentive  Compensation  Plan for Chief Executive
          Officer (14)

  10i*    Atrion  Corporation  Incentive  Compensation  Plan for Chief Financial
          Officer (15)

  10j*    Severance Plan for Chief Financial Officer (16)

  10k*    Atrion  Corporation  Incentive  Compensation  Plan for Chief Financial
          Officer (17)



                                     - 35 -
<PAGE>


  10l*    Agreement  regarding the nullification of Incentive  Compensation Plan
          for Chief Executive Officer (18)

  10m*    Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement (18)

  21      Subsidiaries of Atrion Corporation as of December 31, 2001(18)

  23      Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP(18)

  99.1    Auditor Assurance Letter(18)

 Notes
 -----
  (1)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  A to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated April 23, 1997.

  (2)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  2 to the Form 8-K of  Atrion
          Corporation dated February 17, 1998.

  (3)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  B to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated January 10, 1997.

  (4)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  C to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated January 10, 1997.

  (5)     Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 1 to  Registration  Statement on
          Form 8-A of AlaTenn Resources, Inc. dated February 15, 1990.

  (6)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4(b) to Form  10-K of Atrion
          Corporation dated March 29, 2000.

  (7)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  A to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated April 6, 1990.

  (8)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4(d)  to  the   Registration
          Statement on Form S-8 of AlaTenn  Resources,  Inc., filed May 17, 1991
          (File No. 33-40639).

  (9)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  A to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated March 28, 1994.

  (10)    Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 4(d) to the Form S-8 of AlaTenn
          Resources, Inc., filed July 26, 1995 (File No. 33-61309).

  (11)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10j to Form  10-K of  Atrion
          Corporation dated March 31, 1998.

  (12)    Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.4 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
          Corporation, filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56511).

  (13)    Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.5 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
          Corporation, filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56511).

  (14)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10a to Form  10-Q of  Atrion
          Corporation dated November 15, 1999.

  (15)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10a to Form  10-Q of  Atrion
          Corporation dated May 12, 2000.

  (16)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10b to Form  10-Q of  Atrion
          Corporation dated May 12, 2000.

  (17)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10k to Form  10-K of  Atrion
          Corporation dated March 30, 2001.

  (18)    Filed herewith

*    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement


                                     - 36 -
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                                Atrion Corporation



                                                By:  /s/Emile A. Battat
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                     Emile A. Battat
                                                     Chairman,
                                                     President and Chief
                                                     Executive Officer

Dated: March 26, 2002

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          Signature                                    Title                                         Date
          ---------                                    -----                                         ----
<S>                                   <C>                                                       <C>
 /s/Emile A. Battat                   Chairman, President and Chief Executive                   March 26, 2002
 ----------------------------         Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
 Emile A. Battat



 /s/Jeffery Strickland                Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and               March 26, 2002
 ----------------------------         Secretary-Treasurer (Principal Financial
 Jeffery Strickland                   and Accounting Officer)




 /s/Richard O. Jacobson               Director                                                  March 26, 2002
 ----------------------------
 Richard O. Jacobson



 /s/John H. P. Maley                  Director                                                  March 26, 2002
 ----------------------------
 John H. P. Maley
</TABLE>



                                     - 37 -
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          Signature                                    Title                                         Date
          ---------                                    -----                                         ----
<S>                                   <C>                                                       <C>
 /s/Jerome J. McGrath                 Director                                                  March 26, 2002
 ----------------------------
 Jerome J. McGrath



 /s/Hugh J. Morgan, Jr.               Director                                                  March 26, 2002
 ----------------------------
 Hugh J. Morgan, Jr.



 /s/Roger F. Stebbing                 Director                                                  March 26, 2002
 ----------------------------
 Roger F. Stebbing



 /s/John P. Stupp, Jr.                Director                                                  March 26, 2002
 ----------------------------
 John P. Stupp, Jr.
</TABLE>


                                     - 38 -
<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
Exhibit
Numbers                           Description                               Page
-------                           -----------                               ----

  2a      Asset  Purchase  Agreement,  dated March 19,  1997,  between
          Atrion Corporation and Midcoast Energy Resources, Inc. (1)

  2b      Asset Purchase Agreement,  dated as of December 29, 1997, by
          and among Quest  Medical,  Inc., QMI  Acquisition  Corp. and
          Atrion Corporation (2)

  3a      Certificate of  Incorporation of Atrion  Corporation,  dated
          December 30, 1996(3)

  3b      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Atrion Corporation (18)              41

  4a      Rights  Agreement,  dated as of  February  1, 1990,  between
          AlaTenn Resources,  Inc. and American Stock Transfer & Trust
          Company  which  includes  the form of Right  Certificate  as
          Exhibit  A and the  Summary  of Rights  to  Purchase  Common
          Shares as Exhibit B (5)

  4b      Second Amendment to Rights Agreement (6)

  10a*    1990 Stock Option Plan (7)

  10b*    Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (8)

  10c*    1994 Key Employee Stock Incentive Plan (9)

  10d*    Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (10)

  10e*    Atrion Corporation 1997 Stock Incentive Plan (11)

  10f*    Atrion  Corporation 1998 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan
          (12)

  10g*    Form of Stock Option Agreement (13)

  10h*    Atrion  Corporation  Incentive  Compensation  Plan for Chief
          Executive Officer (14)

  10i*    Atrion  Corporation  Incentive  Compensation  Plan for Chief
          Financial Officer (15)

  10j*    Severance Plan for Chief Financial Officer (16)

  10k*    Atrion  Corporation  Incentive  Compensation  Plan for Chief
          Financial Officer (17)

  10l*    Agreement   regarding   the   nullification   of   Incentive
          Compensation Plan for Chief Executive Officer (18)                  58

  10m*    Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement (18)                   60

  21      Subsidiaries  of Atrion  Corporation as of December 31, 2002
          (18)                                                                72

  23      Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP (18)                                 73

  99.1    Auditor Assurance Letter (18)                                       74

Notes

  (1)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  A to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated April 23, 1997.

  (2)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  2 to the Form 8-K of  Atrion
          Corporation dated February 17, 1998.

  (3)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  B to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated January 10, 1997.

  (4)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  C to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated January 10, 1997.

  (5)     Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 1 to  Registration  Statement on
          Form 8-A of AlaTenn Resources, Inc. dated February 15, 1990.

  (6)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4(b) to Form  10-K of Atrion
          Corporation dated March 29, 2000.



                                     - 39 -
<PAGE>


  (7)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  A to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated April 6, 1990.

  (8)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4(d)  to  the   Registration
          Statement on Form S-8 of AlaTenn  Resources,  Inc., filed May 17, 1991
          (File No. 33-40639).

  (9)     Incorporated  by  reference  to  Appendix  A to the  Definitive  Proxy
          Statement of the Company dated March 28, 1994.

  (10)    Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 4(d) to the Form S-8 of AlaTenn
          Resources, Inc., filed July 26, 1995 (File No. 33-61309).

  (11)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10j to Form  10-K of  Atrion
          Corporation dated March 31, 1998.

  (12)    Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.4 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
          Corporation, filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56511).

  (13)    Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.5 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
          Corporation, filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56511).

  (14)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10a to Form  10-Q of  Atrion
          Corporation dated November 15, 1999.

  (15)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10a to Form  10-Q of  Atrion
          Corporation dated May 12, 2000.

  (16)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10b to Form  10-Q of  Atrion
          Corporation dated May 12, 2000.

  (17)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10k to Form  10-K of  Atrion
          Corporation dated March 30, 2001.

  (18)    Filed herewith

*    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement


                                     - 40 -

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
