<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>v039320_10k.txt
<TEXT>

                                    FORM 10-K
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

            [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005

                                       OR

          [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

               For the transition period from ________ to ________

                           Commission File No. 1-13441

                           HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

        Delaware                                            52-0845822
        --------                                            ----------
(State or other jurisdiction of                          (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                       Identification Number)

              1617 JFK Boulevard Philadelphia, Pennsylvania         19103
              ----------------------------------------------     -----------
               (Address of principal executive offices)           (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (215) 988-0080

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $.001 par value

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                              (Title of Each Class)
                                      NONE

Indicate by check mark if the  registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,  as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes |_|  No |X|


Indicate  by  check  mark if the  registrant  is not  required  to file  reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes |_|  No |X|

Indicate by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  and Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |_| No |X|

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. Yes |X| No |_|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large  accelerated  filer, an
accelerated  filer, or a  non-accelerated  filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large  accelerated  filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange  Act.  (Check
one): Large accelerated filer |_| Accelerated  filer |X|  Non-accelerated  filer
|_|

Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes |X| No |_|

<PAGE>


The aggregate  market value of Common Stock held by  non-affiliates  at June 30,
2005, the last business day of the registrant's  most recently  completed second
fiscal quarter, was $91,919,360.

The number of shares of the  registrant's  Common Stock  outstanding as of March
24, 2006 was 61,083,617.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None.


<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----
PART I

Item 1. Business                                                            24

Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                       24

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                                          38

Item 2. Properties                                                          38

Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                                   39

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                 40

PART II

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
        Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                   40

Item 6. Selected Financial Data                                             42

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
        Condition and Results of Operations                                 43

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk          78

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                         78

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
        and Financial Disclosure                                            79

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                            79

Item 9B. Other Information                                                  84

PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                 84

Item 11. Executive Compensation                                             89

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
         Management and Related Stockholder Matters                         95

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                     99

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                            100

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule                         101


                                       i

<PAGE>

We have filed this Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December  31,
2005 (the "Report") without audited financial  statements.  As audited financial
statements  are not  contained  in the  Report,  the Report does not satisfy all
requirements under the Securities Exchange Act and, therefore, is deficient.

On March 29, 2006,  after  discussions  with the audit committee and BDO Seidman
LLP,  our  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm,  and  after  doing
additional analysis on guidelines set forth in EITF 00-27:  Application of Issue
No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments,  our management determined that the
accounting  treatment for certain  Debentures and Warrants  issued between March
2003 and August 2005,  was  inaccurately  reflected in our financial  statements
between March 2003 and September 2005 and that these  financial  statements need
to be  restated.  The effects of such  restatements  for the fiscal  years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003 are reflected herein.

We plan on amending the Report as soon as possible to provide audited  financial
statements and any other information not included in the Report.

                SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

      Certain  statements  in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Form 10-K"),
including statements under "Item 1. Business," "Item 1A. Risk Factors," "Item 3.
Legal  Proceedings"  and  "Item  7.  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of
Financial  Condition  and  Result of  Operations,"  constitute  "forward-looking
statements"  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (collectively,  the "Reform
Act"). Certain, but not necessarily all, of such forward-looking  statements can
be  identified by the use of  forward-looking  terminology  such as  "believes,"
"expects,"  "may," "will," "should," or "anticipates" or the negative thereof or
other  variations  thereon  or  comparable  terminology,  or by  discussions  of
strategy  that  involve  risks and  uncertainties.  All  statements  other  than
statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K regarding our financial
position,  business  strategy and plans or objectives for future  operations are
forward-looking   statements.   Without  limiting  the  broader  description  of
forward-looking statements above, we specifically note that statements regarding
potential  drugs,  their  potential   therapeutic  effect,  the  possibility  of
obtaining regulatory approval, our ability to manufacture and sell any products,
market  acceptance or our ability to earn a profit from sales or licenses of any
drugs or our ability to discover new drugs in the future are all forward-looking
in nature.

      Such   forward-looking   statements   involve  known  and  unknown  risks,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results,  performance
or   achievements   of   Hemispherx   Biopharma,   Inc.  and  its   subsidiaries
(collectively,  the "Hemispherx",  "we or "us") to be materially  different from
any future  results,  performance or  achievements  expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements and other factors referenced in this Form 10-K. We do
not undertake and  specifically  decline any obligation to publicly  release the
results of any revisions which may be made to any  forward-looking  statement to
reflect events or circumstances  after the date of such statements or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. Business.

GENERAL

      We are a  biopharmaceutical  company engaged in the clinical  development,
manufacture,  marketing and  distribution  of new drug entities based on natural
immune system enhancing technologies for the treatment of viral and immune based
chronic disorders.  We were founded in the early 1970s, as a contract researcher
for the National  Institutes of Health.  Since that time, we have  established a
strong foundation of laboratory, pre-clinical, and clinical data with respect to
the development of nucleic acids to enhance the natural antiviral defense system
of the human body and to aid the  development  of  therapeutic  products for the
treatment  of  chronic  diseases.  We own a U.S.  Food and  Drug  Administration
("FDA") approved GMP (good manufacturing practice) manufacturing facility in New
Jersey.


                                       1
<PAGE>

      Our flagship  products  include  Ampligen(R)  and Alferon N  Injection(R).
Ampligen(R) is an experimental drug currently  undergoing  clinical  development
for  the  treatment  of:  Myalgic   Encephalomyelitis/Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome
("ME/CFS" or "CFS"),  and HIV. In August 2004, we completed a Phase III clinical
trial ("AMP 516")  treating over 230 ME/CFS  patients with  Ampligen(R)  and are
presently in the process of preparing a new drug application ("NDA") to be filed
with the FDA. Over its developmental  history,  Ampligen(R) has received various
designations,   including  Orphan  Drug  Product  Designation  (FDA),  Emergency
(compassionate) Cost Recovery Sales Authorization (FDA) and "promising" clinical
outcome  recognition based on the evaluation of certain summary clinical reports
(AHRQ, Agency Health Research Quality).  In response to our application for Fast
Track Designation,  the FDA has requested additional  information to support the
potential  of  Ampligen(R)  to treat a  serious  or life  threatening  aspect of
ME/CFS.  The  definition  of the  "seriousness  of a  condition",  according  to
Guidance  for  Industry  documents  published  in  July,  2004 is "a  matter  of
judgment,  but  generally  based on its  impact  on such  factors  as  survival,
day-to-day  functioning,  or the likelihood that the disease, if left untreated,
will  progress  from a less severe  condition  to a more serious  one".  The FDA
requested  a  "complete  and  audited  report of the Amp 516 study to  determine
whether  Ampligen(R)  has a clinically  meaningful  benefit on a serious or life
threatening  aspect  of ME/CFS in order to  evaluate  whether  the Amp 516 study
results  do or do not  support  a "fast  track  designation".  The FDA has  also
invited us to include a schedule for completion of all ME/CFS studies as well as
a proposed  schedule  for our NDA  submission.  Because  we  believe  our ME/CFS
studies are complete, we intend to request a pre-NDA meeting to obtain advice on
preparing and  submitting  our NDA,  which may eliminate the need for Fast Track
Designation. Meanwhile, we continue with our existing ongoing efforts to prepare
a  complete  and  audited   report  of  our  various   studies,   including  the
well-controlled  Amp 516 study.  We are using our best  efforts to complete  the
requisite  reports  including the hiring of additional  staff and various expert
medical/regulatory  consultants,  but can provide no assurance as to whether the
outcome of this large data  collection  and filing  process  (approximately  750
patients,  treated more than 45,000  times) will be  favorable  or  unfavorable,
specifically  with  respect  to  the  FDA's  perspective.  We  plan  to  use  an
independent  contractor to file the NDA  electronically to facilitate the review
by the FDA.  Also, we can provide no guidance as to the tentative  date at which
the compilation and filing of such data will be complete, as significant factors
are  outside  our  control  including,   without  limitation,  the  ability  and
willingness of the independent clinical  investigators to complete the requisite
reports at an acceptable  regulatory  standard,  the ability to collect overseas
generated data, and the ability of Hollister-Stier  facilities to interface with
our own New  Brunswick  staff/facilities  to meet the  manufacturing  regulatory
standards.  In addition,  Ampligen(R)  is  undergoing  pre-clinical  testing for
possible treatment of avian influenza ("bird flu").

      Alferon N  Injection(R)  is the  registered  trademark for our  injectable
formulation  of natural alpha  interferon,  which is approved by the FDA for the
treatment  of genital  warts.  Alferon N  Injection(R)  is also in  pre-clinical
development for treating Multiple Sclerosis and West Nile Virus ("WNV").

      With the threat of an avian influenza pandemic rising and health officials
warning that the virus could develop  resistance to current flu treatments,  the
pursuit of a cost-effective  and capable  co-administered  immunotherapeutic  to
existing  antivirals  and vaccines has become  critical.  This  combination  may
permit the use of lower  dosages  and fewer  injections  of the  antivirals  and
vaccines  used  to  combat  avian  flu,  thereby  decreasing  the  cost  of both
immunization programs and treatment programs for the full-blown disease.

      In  antimicrobial  (antibacterial)  therapy,  which  is  the  best-studied
clinical  model,   synergistic   drug   combinations   may  result  in  curative
conditions/outcomes,  often not observed  when the single drugs are given alone.
In the case of avian influenza where global drug supplies are  presumptively  in
very  limited  supply  relative  to  potential  needs,  therapeutic  synergistic
combinations  could not only affect the disease outcome,  but also the number of
individuals able to access therapies.


                                       2
<PAGE>

      We recently  announced that true therapeutic  synergy had been observed in
the interaction  between  Ampligen(R) and Tamiflu in the inhibition of the avian
influenza  virus.  The same  synergy  was  observed in the  interaction  between
Ampligen(R) and Relenza in December 2005. Cell destruction was measured in vitro
using  different  drug  combinations.  True  therapeutic  synergy  is defined by
mathematical equations which indicate that the therapeutic effect observed is in
fact  greater  than  the  expected  arithmetic  sum of  the  two  drugs  working
independently,  and is  referred  to by  pharmacologists  as the  "Chou/Talalay"
equations developed at Johns Hopkins University.

      In  a  recently  reported  study  from  a  vaccine  group  in  Japan,  the
incorporation of poly I: poly C (dsRNA) into a nasal  administration of a killed
influenza A preparation  converted a poorly  immunogenic  response into a highly
efficacious  vaccine in  protection  of mice from  lethal  infection  from human
influenza A.  Ampligen(R)  is a dsRNA which  currently is undergoing  testing in
this animal model.

      Recently, at the fourth annual Biodefense Research Meeting of the American
Society of  Microbiology  held in  Washington,  D.C.,  we  presented  results of
laboratory  testing  that  showed  our two  investigational  immunotherapeutics,
Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R),  are potentially  useful against H5N1, or avian flu,
virus.  The pre-clinical  research  indicates that  Ampligen(R),  a specifically
configured  double-stranded RNA, can provide  cross-protection against avian flu
viral mutations as well as boost the  effectiveness of Tamiflu and Relenza,  the
only two drugs  formally  recognized  for  combating  bird flu, up to 100 times.
Other lab tests, in healthy human volunteers,  indicate that Alferon(R) LDO (Low
Dose Oral), a new delivery form of an anti-viral with prior regulatory  approval
for a category of sexually transmitted diseases, can stimulate genes that induce
the production of interferon and other immune compounds,  key building blocks in
the body's defense  system.  The studies were conducted in conjunction  with the
National Institute of Infectious Diseases of Japan.

      We have  recently  entered  into an  agreement  with  Defence  R&D Canada,
Suffield  ("DRDC  Suffield"),  an agency of the Canadian  Department of National
Defence,  to evaluate the  antiviral  efficacy of our  experimental  therapeutic
Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R) for protection  against human  respiratory  influenza
virus  infection in well validated  animal  models.  DRDC Suffield is conducting
research and development of new drugs that could potentially  become part of the
arsenal of existing  antiviral weapons to combat the bird flu. The initial study
will focus on the testing of potential drugs against the  respiratory  influenza
virus infection on a mouse-adapted strain of human influenza.  DRDC Suffield has
already conducted  extensive research in the use of liposome delivery technology
to enhance the antiviral activity of a closely-allied Ampligen(R) analogue, Poly
ICLC (an immunomodulating  dsRNA) which is very similar to Ampligen(R).  Results
suggest that ribonucleic  acid-based drugs have the ability to elicit protective
broad-spectrum  antiviral  immunity against various pathogenic  viruses.  Hence,
there is the potential for efficacy to be maintained against mutating strains of
an influenza virus.  Liposomes,  a carrier system for nucleic  acid-based drugs,
have  shown an  ability  to protect  these  drugs  against in vivo  degradation,
delivering  them to  intracellular  sites of  infection,  thereby  reducing  any
toxicity and  prolonging  their  therapeutic  effectiveness.  Protection  can be
afforded for 21 days with two doses of dsRNA. It is believed that in humans with
active flu infection, Tamiflu, given twice daily, may ameliorate symptoms.


                                       3
<PAGE>

      We have over 100  patents  worldwide  with 9  additional  patents  pending
comprising our intellectual  property.  We continually review our patents rights
to  determine  whether  they have  continuing  value.  Such  review  includes an
analysis of the  patent's  ultimate  revenue and  profitability  potential on an
undiscounted   cash  basis  to  support  the  realizability  of  our  respective
capitalized cost. In addition, management's review addresses whether each patent
continues  to  fit  into  our  strategic   business   plans.  We  have  a  fully
commercialized   product   (Alferon  N   Injection(R)),   and  a  GMP  certified
manufacturing facility.

      In March 2004, we completed the  step-by-step  acquisition from Interferon
Sciences,  Inc.  ("ISI")  of ISI's  commercial  assets,  Alferon N  Injection(R)
inventory, a worldwide license for the production,  manufacture,  use, marketing
and  sale  of  Alferon  N  Injection(R),  as  well  as,  a  43,000  square  foot
manufacturing  facility in New Jersey and the  acquisition  of all  intellectual
property  related to Alferon  Injection(R).  Alferon N Injection(R) is a natural
alpha  interferon  that has been approved by the FDA for commercial sale for the
intra-lesional  treatment of refractory or recurring  external  genital warts in
patients 18 years of age or older.  The acquisition was completed in Spring 2004
with the acquisition of all world wide commercial rights.

      We completed  the  transfer and  consolidation  of our  Rockville  Quality
Assurance Lab and equipment into our New Brunswick  facility in 2005. We believe
this newly  consolidated  lab will  provide more  efficiency  with regard to the
quality assurance needs for both Ampligen(R) and Alferon N Injection(R).

      On December 9, 2005, we executed a Supply  Agreement with  Hollister-Stier
Laboratories LLC of Spokane,  Washington  ("Hollister-Stier"),  for the contract
manufacturing of Ampligen(R) for a five year term.  Pursuant to the agreement we
will supply the key raw materials and Hollister-Stier  will formulate and bottle
the  Ampligen(R).  In November  2005,  we paid $100,000 as a deposit in order to
initiate the  manufacturing  project.  This deposit was expensed as research and
development  during  the  4th  Quarter  2005.  The  achievement  of the  initial
objectives  described  in  the  agreement,   in  combination  with  our  polymer
production facility under construction in New Brunswick,  N.J., may enable us to
manufacture the raw materials for approximately  10,000 doses of Ampligen(R) per
week. We executed a confidentiality  agreement with Hollister-Stier;  therefore,
we commenced the transfer of our  manufacturing  technology to  Hollister-Stier.
Currently,  Hollister-Stier  has  completed  two  pilot  manufacturing  runs  of
Ampligen(R) for stability testing.

      On February 8, 2006, we executed a Manufacturing and Safety Agreement with
Hyaluron, Inc. ("Hyaluron") of Burlington,  Massachusetts,  for the formulation,
packaging and labeling of Alferon N Injection(R).  Pursuant to the Agreement, we
will supply raw  materials  in  sufficient  quantity  and provide any  pertinent
information to the project.

      We  outsource   certain   components  of  our  research  and  development,
manufacturing,  marketing and distribution  while  maintaining  control over the
entire process through our quality  assurance group and our clinical  monitoring
group.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      We are in the process of installing an Ampligen(R) raw material production
line within our New Brunswick facility, which is anticipated to be completed and
in production by May 2006. The  production of  Ampligen(R)  raw materials in our
own facilities  has obvious  advantages  with respect to overall  control of the
manufacturing  procedure of Ampligen(R)'s raw materials,  keeping costs down and
controlling  regulatory  compliance  issues  (other  parts of our 43,000 sq. ft.
wholly  owned FDA  approved  facility  are already in  compliance  for Alferon N
Injection(R)  manufacture).  This will also allow us to obtain  Ampligen(R)  raw
materials on a more consistent  manufacturing basis. As of December 31, 2005, we
have   capitalized   approximately   $821,000   towards  the   construction  and
installation of this production line at our New Jersey  facility.  We expect the
first lot of Ampligen(R) raw material to be produced in the second quarter 2006.
We  estimate  the  total  cost  of  establishing  this  production  line  to  be
$1,900,000,  including modifications to our New Brunswick facility. We have also
identified three manufacturers to expand polymer manufacture,  if necessary, and
obtained preliminary  proposals from two and have initiated discussions with the
third.

      Since the  completion  of our AMP 516 ME/CFS Phase III clinical  trial for
use of  Ampligen(R)  in the treatment of ME/CFS we have received  inquiries from
and, under confidentiality  agreements, are having dialogue with other companies
regarding marketing opportunities. No proposals or agreements have resulted from
the dialogue, nor can we be assured that any proposals or agreements will result
from these inquiries.

      Our principal  executive offices are located at One Penn Center,  1617 JFK
Boulevard,  Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania  19103,  and  our  telephone  number  is
215-988-0080.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

We file our  annual  reports on Form  10-K,  quarterly  reports on Form 10-Q and
current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC.  The public may read or copy any  materials  we file with the SEC at the
SEC's Public  Reference  Room at 100 F Street,  NE,  Washington,  DC 20549.  The
public may obtain  information on the operation of the Public  Reference Room by
calling the SEC at  1-800-SEC-0330.  The SEC  maintains  an  Internet  site that
contains  reports,  proxy and  information  statements,  and  other  information
regarding  issuers  that file  electronically  with the SEC. The address of that
site is http://www.sec.gov.

You may obtain a free copy of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and current  reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports on
the  day of  filing  with  the  SEC on our  website  on the  World  Wide  Web at
http://www.hemispherx.net  or by contacting the Investor Relations Department by
calling (518) 398-6222 or sending an e-mail message to dwill@willstar.net.


OUR PRODUCTS

      Our primary products consist of our  experimental  compound,  Ampligen(R),
our FDA approved  natural  interferon  product,  Alferon N Injection(R)  and our
experimental liquid natural interferon LDO.

      Ampligen(R)

      Nucleic acid compounds  represent a potential new class of  pharmaceutical
products that are designed to act at the molecular  level for treatment of human
diseases.  There are two forms of nucleic acids,  DNA and RNA. DNA is a group of
naturally  occurring   molecules  found  in  chromosomes,   the  cell's  genetic
machinery.  RNA is a group of naturally occurring  informational molecules which
orchestrate a cell's  behavior and which regulate the action of groups of cells,
including the cells,  which comprise the body's immune  system.  RNA directs the
production  of proteins and  regulates  certain cell  activities  including  the
activation of an otherwise  dormant  cellular  defense against virus and tumors.
Our  double-stranded,  specifically  configured,  RNA drug product,  trademarked
Ampligen(R),  which is  administered  intravenously,  is (or has  been) in human
clinical  development for various disease  indications,  including treatment for
ME/CFS, HIV, renal cell carcinoma and malignant melanoma.


                                       5
<PAGE>

      Our proprietary  development drug technology including Ampligen(R),  which
utilizes specially configured ribonucleic acid ("RNA") is currently protected by
more than 100 patents worldwide with 9 additional patent applications pending to
provide further proprietary protection in various international markets. Certain
patents apply to the use of Ampligen(R)  alone and certain  patents apply to the
use of Ampligen(R) in combination with certain other drugs.  Some composition of
matter patents pertain to other new medications  which have a similar  mechanism
of action.  During  2005,  we  reviewed  our  portfolio  of  patents  and patent
applications.   As  a  result  of  this  review,   various  patents  and  patent
applications  were not renewed.  The  non-renewed  patents  consisted  mostly of
international origin or were not conducive to oral application.


      The main U.S. ME/CFS treatment patent (#6130206) expires October 10, 2017.
Our main patents  covering HIV  treatment  (#4820696,  #5063209,  and  #5091374)
expire on April 11, 2006, November 5, 2008, and February 25, 2009, respectively;
Hepatitis  treatment  coverage is conveyed by U.S. patent #5593973 which expires
on January 14, 2014.  The U.S.  Ampligen(R)  Trademark  (#1,515,099)  expires on
December 6, 2008 and can be renewed  thereafter for an additional 10 years.  The
FDA  has  granted  us  "orphan  drug   status"  for  our  nucleic   acid-derived
therapeutics for ME/CFS,  HIV, and renal cell carcinoma and malignant  melanoma.
Orphan drug status  grants us  protection  against  competition  for a period of
seven years  following FDA approval,  as well as certain federal tax incentives,
and other regulatory benefits.  Patent coverage for the HIV indication following
the  expiration  of patent  #4820696,  #5063209  and  #5091374  is planned to be
obtained from patent pending application #PCT/US 0239890. In the event that this
patent  application  is not  approved,  we still have the  marketing  protection
provided by the orphan drug designation for using Ampligen(R) to treat HIV.

      Based on the results of published,  peer reviewed pre-clinical studies and
clinical trials, we believe that Ampligen(R) may have broad-spectrum  anti-viral
and  anti-cancer  properties.  Approximately  750 patients have  participated in
Ampligen(R)  clinical trials authorized by the FDA at over twenty clinical trial
sites across the U.S., representing the administration of more than 45,000 doses
of this drug.

      We are in the process of preparing an NDA to file with the FDA for the use
of Ampligen(R) in the treatment of patients with ME/CFS.

      Alferon N Injection(R)

      Interferons  are a group of  proteins  produced  and  secreted by cells to
combat  diseases.  Researchers  have  identified  four  major  classes  of human
interferon:  alpha,  beta, gamma and omega.  The Alferon N Injection(R)  product
contains a  multi-species  form of alpha  interferon.  The worldwide  market for
injectable  alpha  interferon-based  products has  experienced  rapid growth and
various alpha interferon injectable products are approved for many major medical
uses worldwide.  Alpha interferons are manufactured  commercially in three ways:
by genetic  engineering,  by cell culture, and from human white blood cells. All
three of these types of alpha  interferon  are or were  approved for  commercial
sale in the U.S. Our natural alpha interferon is produced from human white blood
cells.


                                       6
<PAGE>

      The  potential  advantages of natural alpha  interferon  over  recombinant
(synthetic)  interferon produced and marketed by other  pharmaceutical firms may
be based upon their respective molecular compositions.  Natural alpha interferon
is  composed  of a family of  proteins  containing  many  molecular  species  of
interferon. In contrast, recombinant alpha interferon each contain only a single
species.  Researchers  have reported that the various species of interferons may
have differing  antiviral  activity  depending  upon the type of virus.  Natural
alpha interferon  presents a broad  complement of species,  which we believe may
account for its higher activity in laboratory studies.  Natural alpha interferon
is  also   glycosylated   (partially   covered  with  sugar   molecules).   Such
glycosylation is not present on the currently U.S.  marketed  recombinant  alpha
interferons.  We  believe  that the  absence of  glycosylation  may be, in part,
responsible  for the production of  interferon-neutralizing  antibodies  seen in
patients   treated   with   recombinant   alpha   interferon.    Although   cell
culture-derived  interferon  is also  composed  of multiple  glycosylated  alpha
interferon  species,  the types  and  relative  quantity  of these  species  are
different from our natural alpha interferon.

      The FDA  approved  Alferon N  Injection(R)  in 1989 for the  intralesional
(within  lesions)  treatment of  refractory  (resistant  to other  treatment) or
recurring  external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older.  Certain
types  of  human  papillomaviruses  ("HPV")  cause  genital  warts,  a  sexually
transmitted  disease ("STD").  A published  report estimates that  approximately
eight  million new and recurrent  causes of genital warts occur  annually in the
United States alone.

      The U.S.  Alferon(R)  Patents  expire  February  10, 2012  (5,503,828  and
5,676,942) and December 22, 2017 (5,989,441).

      Alferon N Injection(R) [Interferon alfa-n3 (human leukocyte derived)] is a
highly purified,  natural-source,  glycosylated,  multi-species alpha interferon
product. There are essentially no antibodies observed against natural interferon
to date and the product has a relatively low side-effect profile.  Alferon(R) is
the only  natural-source,  multi-species alpha interferon  currently sold in the
U.S.

      The  recombinant  DNA derived  alpha  interferon  are now reported to have
decreased  effectiveness  after one year, probably due to antibody formation and
other severe toxicities.  These detrimental  effects have not been reported with
the use of Alferon N  Injection(R)  which could  allow this  product to assume a
much larger market share.

      It is  our  belief  that  the  use of  Alferon(R)  N in  combination  with
Ampligen(R) has the potential to increase the positive therapeutic  responses in
chronic life threatening  viral diseases.  Combinational  therapy is evolving to
the standard of acceptable  medical care based on a detailed  examination of the
Biochemistry of the body's natural antiviral response.

      Alferon(R) LDO

      Alferon(R) LDO is an  experimental  low-dose,  oral liquid  formulation of
Natural  Alpha  Interferon  and like  Alferon N  Injection(R)  should  not cause
antibody  formation,  which is a problem with recombinant  interferon.  It is an
experimental immunotherapeutic believed to work by stimulating an immune cascade
response in the cells of the mouth and throat,  enabling it to bolster an immune
response  through the entire body  orally.  Oral  interferon  would be much more
economically  feasible for patients and  logistically  manageable in development
programs in third-world  countries  primarily affected by HIV and other emerging
viruses (SARS, Ebola, bird flu, etc.). Oral administration of Alferon(R) N, with
its affordability, low toxicity, no production of antibodies, and broad range of
potential bio activity, could be a breakthrough treatment for viral diseases.


                                       7
<PAGE>

      A clinical  study to evaluate  the use of  Alferon(R)  LDO in HIV infected
volunteers was initiated during the second quarter 2005 in Philadelphia, PA. The
study is currently being conducted at Drexel University and Philadelphia  FIGHT,
a  comprehensive  AIDS service  organization  providing  primary care,  consumer
education, advocacy and research on potential treatments and vaccines. The study
is  designed  to  determine   whether   Alferon(R)  LDO  can   resuscitate   the
broad-spectrum  antiviral and immunostimulatory  genes. As of December 31, 2005,
seven patients have enrolled and completed  dosing.  We are currently  receiving
data from this study and we are in the process of  analyzing  the  results.  The
trial methodology may have implications for treating other emerging viruses such
as avian influenza (bird flu).

      Oragens

      We  acquired  a series of patents on  Oragens,  potentially  a set of oral
broad  spectrum  antivirals  and  immunological  enhancers,  through a licensing
agreement  with  Temple  University  in  Philadelphia,  PA. We were  granted  an
exclusive  worldwide  license  from  Temple  for  the  Oragens  products.  These
compounds have been evaluated in various  academic  laboratories for application
to chronic viral and immunological disorders.

      The 2', 5'  oligoadenylate  synthetase/RNase  L system is an important and
widely  distributed  pathway for the inhibition of viral  replication  and tumor
growth. The 2', 5' oligoadenylate  synthetase,  up activation by double-stranded
RNA,  synthesizes 2', 5' oligoadenylates  (2-5A) from ATP. These bioactive 2-5As
directly  activate  RNase L, which degrades viral and cellular RNAs resulting in
the inhibition of protein synthesis.

      The  bioactive  2-5A  molecules  can be  degraded  by  various  hydrolytic
enzymes,  resulting in a short half life.  Analogues of these  bioactive  2-5As,
termed  Oragen RNA  compounds,  have been  produced  to increase  stability  and
maintain or increase biological activity without demonstrable toxicity.

      Pursuant to the terms of our  agreement  with Temple,  we are obligated to
pay  royalties  of 2% to 4% of  sales  depending  on  the  amount  of  technical
assistance required. We currently pay a royalty of $30,000 per year to Temple.


RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ("R&D")

      Our focus is on  developing  drugs for use in  treating  viral and  immune
based chronic disorders and diseases  including ME/CFS,  HIV, HPV, SARS and West
Nile Virus. Our current R&D projects target treatment therapies for ME/CFS, HIV,
HPV and other viral diseases.

      Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ("ME/CFS")

      Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ("CFS"), also known as Chronic Immune Dysfunction
Syndrome  ("CFIDS")  and,  myalgic  encephalomyelitis  ("ME") is a  serious  and
debilitating   chronic  illness  and  a  major  public  health   problem.   Long
misunderstood,  under-recognized, and under-diagnosed,  ME/CFS is now recognized
by both the government and private sector as a major health  problem,  including
the  National  Institutes  of Health,  U.S.  Centers  for  Disease  Control  and
Prevention ("CDC"),  FDA and Social Security  Administration,  recognizes CFS as
one of the most common chronic illnesses of our time. The CDC listed ME/CFS as a
priority disease, causing severe health and financial problems for the patients,
their  family,  and the  community.  ME/CFS is  endemic in the  population,  but
occasionally  seen in clusters  suggesting  an  infectious  basis.  A variety of
immunological,  endocrine, autonomic nervous system, and metabolic abnormalities
have been documented.  A groundbreaking,  community-based study of ME/CFS by Dr.
Leonard  Jason was  published in the  Archives of Internal  Medicine in 1999 and
showed a prevalence rate of 422 of every 100,000  Americans.  As many as 800,000
people nationwide suffer from CFS, twice the number previously  estimated by the
CDC.  Furthermore,  90% of the patients with the illness are struggling  without
the benefit of medical  diagnosis or treatment.  While ME/CFS  strikes people of
all age, racial,  ethnic, and socioeconomic groups, it is most prevalent amongst
women. Research has shown that ME/CFS is about three times as common in women as
men,  a rate  similar  to that of many  autoimmune  diseases,  such as  multiple
sclerosis  and lupus.  To put this into  perspective,  ME/CFS is over four times
more  common  than HIV  infection  in women,  and the rate of ME/CFS in women is
considerably  higher  than a woman's  lifetime  risk of getting  lung  cancer as
published by the CFIDS Association of America.


                                       8
<PAGE>

      The most common symptom of ME/CFS is  incapacitating  fatigue,  which does
not subside with rest. Many severe ME/CFS patients become completely disabled or
totally  bedridden and are afflicted with severe pain and mental  confusion even
at rest. This  debilitating  tiredness is associated with flu-like symptoms such
as chills,  fever,  headache,  sore throat,  painful lymph nodes,  muscle aches,
weakness and joint pain.  Diagnosis of ME/CFS is a time-consuming  and difficult
process which is generally  arrived at by excluding other illnesses with similar
symptoms  and  comparing  a  patient's   symptoms  with  the  case   definition.
Overlapping symptoms can occur with several diseases, such as fibromyalgia, Gulf
War Illnesses,  and multiple chemical sensitivities.  Many diseases have similar
symptoms  including  Lupus and Lyme disease  which so closely  mimic ME/CFS that
they need to be considered when making a diagnosis to rule them out.

      The case definition for ME/CFS  criteria calls for certain  symptoms to be
present along with fatigue that interferes with physical,  mental,  social,  and
educational activities. Both the fatigue and symptoms must have occurred for (at
least) a six month period.  People with ME/CFS may experience many more than the
symptoms named in the case  definition,  so  knowledgeable  physicians will take
this fact into  consideration  when making a  diagnosis  (after  other  possible
reasons for symptoms have been ruled out).

      The  leading  model of  ME/CFS  pathogenesis  is  thought  to be rooted in
abnormalities in the immune system and brain (central  nervous system),  both of
which  affects  and alters the  function  of the  other.  Because  some cases of
chronic  fatigue  begin with a flu-like  infection,  several  viruses  have been
studied as  possible  causes  because all are  relatively  common in the general
population,   including  Human  Herpesvirus   ("HHV")  6  and  7,  Retroviruses,
Epstein-Barr Virus,  Enteroviruses,  as well as,  Mycoplasmas,  etc. Whilst, the
etiology is likely to be caused by a  collection  of factors,  including  viral,
hormonal,   stress,   and  other  triggers  for  the  illness  in   genetically,
environmentally  or  otherwise  susceptible  individuals  and  continues to be a
subject of discussion.

      Most  ME/CFS  patients  are  treated   symptomatically   with  traditional
treatments  geared toward  treating  symptoms of the disease,  such as improving
quality of sleep,  reducing  pain and  treatment of  depression.  Clinically,  a
number  of  different  therapeutic  approaches  have been  pursued,  but with no
significant clinical success.


                                       9
<PAGE>

      In  1998,  we  were  authorized  by  the  FDA  to  initiate  a  Phase  III
multicenter,  placebo-controlled,  randomized,  double blind  clinical  trial to
treat 230  patients  with ME/CFS in the U.S.  The  objective  of this Phase III,
clinical  study,  denoted as Amp 516, was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of
Ampligen(R) as a treatment for ME/CFS.  Over the course of the study, we engaged
the services of 12 clinical investigators at Medical Centers in California,  New
Jersey, Florida, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Nevada, Illinois, Utah
and Connecticut.  These clinical investigators were medical doctors with special
knowledge of ME/CFS who have recruited, prescreened and enrolled ME/CFS patients
for  inclusion in the Phase III Amp 516 ME/CFS  clinical  trial.  This  clinical
trial enrolled and randomized over 230 ME/CFS patients. We completed drug dosing
in this trial in August 2004. A preliminary  review of the data collected during
this trial indicated that Ampligen(R) improved exercise treadmill performance by
19.0%  versus  4.2%  in the  placebo  group,  or more  than  twice  the  minimum
considered  medically  significant (6.5%), a statistically  significant increase
(p=0.025).  The major  significance  is the  ability  to safely  obtain  medical
benefits  (increased  physical  performance)  which have largely  eluded others.
Also,   Ampligen(R)   significantly   improved  important   secondary  endpoints
associated  with Quality of Life.  There was no  significant  difference  in the
number of serious  adverse  events,  suggesting that the drug was generally well
tolerated. Given that the FDA has already granted Ampligen(R) Treatment Protocol
Status  and  Orphan  Drug  Status  based on earlier  studies,  we believe  these
medically and statistically significant results, when finalized, will facilitate
FDA review and approval of Ampligen(R) as a therapy to treat ME/CFS.

      Human Immunodeficiency Virus ("HIV")

      Over fifteen  antiviral  drugs are  currently  approved by the FDA for the
treatment  of HIV  infection.  Most target the  specific  HIV  enzymes,  reverse
transcriptase  ("RT") and protease.  The use of various combinations of three or
more of these  drugs is  often  referred  to as  Highly  Active  Anti-Retroviral
Therapy  ("HAART").  HAART involves the  utilization of several  antiretrovirals
with  different  mechanisms  of action to decrease  viral loads in  HIV-infected
patients.  The goal of these  combination  treatments is to reduce the amount of
HIV in the body ("viral load") to as low as possible.  Experience has shown that
using  combinations of drugs from different classes is a more effective strategy
than using only one or two  drugs.  HAART has  provided  dramatic  decreases  in
morbidity and mortality of HIV infection.  Subsequent  experience has provided a
more realistic view of HAART and the  realization  that chronic HIV  suppression
using HAART,  as currently  practiced,  would  require  treatment  for life with
resulting significant cumulative  toxicities.  The various reverse transcriptase
and protease inhibitor drugs that go into HAART have  significantly  reduced the
morbidity and mortality connected with HIV; however there has been a significant
cost due to drug toxicity. It was estimated that 50% of HIV deaths were from the
toxicity of the drugs in HAART.  Some estimates suggest that it would require as
many as 60 years of HAART for elimination of HIV in the infected  patient.  Thus
the  toxicity of HAART drugs and the enormous  cost of treatment  make this goal
impractical.

      We believe that the concept of Strategic Therapeutic  Interruption ("STI")
of HAART provides a unique  opportunity to minimize the current  deficiencies of
HAART  while  retaining  the HIV  suppression  capacities  of HAART.  STI is the
cessation of HAART until HIV again becomes detectable (i.e.,  rebounds) followed
by resumption of HAART with subsequent  suppression of HIV. By re-institution of
HAART,  HIV may be suppressed  before it can inflict damage to the immune system
of the patient.  We believe that Ampligen(R)  combined with the STI approach may
offer a unique  opportunity  to retain  HAART's  superb  ability to suppress HIV
while potentially minimizing its deficiencies.  All present approved drugs block
certain  steps in the life cycles of HIV. None of these drugs address the immune
system,  as  Ampligen(R)  potentially  does,  although  HIV  is an  immune-based
disease.


                                       10
<PAGE>

      By using  Ampligen(R) in combination  with STI of HAART, we will undertake
to boost the patients' own immune  system's  response to help them control their
HIV when they are off of HAART. Our minimum  expectation is that Ampligen(R) has
potential to lengthen the HAART-free time interval with a resultant  decrease in
HAART-induced toxicities.  The ultimate potential, which of course requires full
clinical  testing to accept or reject the  hypothesis,  is that  Ampligen(R) may
potentiate  STI of HAART to the point that the cell mediated  immune system will
be sufficient to eliminate  requirement for HAART. Clinical results of using our
technology has been presented at several International AIDS Scientific Forums.

      Our  Amp  720  HIV  study  is a  treatment  using  a  Strategic  Treatment
Interruption ("STI"). The patients' antiviral HAART regimens are interrupted and
Ampligen(R) is substituted as  mono-immunotherapy.  Patients, who have completed
at least nine months of Ampligen(R)  therapy,  were able to stay off HAART for a
total STI  duration  with a mean time of 29.0 weeks  whereas the control  group,
which was also taken off  HAART,  but not given  Ampligen(R),  had  earlier  HIV
rebound  with a mean  duration of 18.7  weeks.  Thus,  on  average,  Ampligen(R)
therapy  spared the  patients  excessive  exposure to HAART,  with its  inherent
toxicities, for more than 11 weeks.

      Forty one HIV patients have  participated in this 64 week study.  The rate
of enrollment  depends on patient  availability  and on other  products being in
clinical  trials for the  treatment  of HIV,  causing  competition  for the same
patient  population.  At  present,  more  than  18 FDA  approved  drugs  for HIV
treatment may compete for available  patients.  The length, and subsequently the
expense of these studies,  will also be determined by an analysis of the interim
data,  which  will  determine  when  completion  of  the  ongoing  Phase  IIb is
appropriate  and whether a Phase III trial will be  conducted  or not. In case a
Phase  III  study is  required;  the FDA  might  require  a  patient  population
exceeding  the current one which will  influence the cost and time of the trial.
Accordingly,  the number of  "unknowns"  is  sufficiently  great to be unable to
predict  when,  or  whether,  we may  obtain  revenues  from  our HIV  treatment
indications.

      Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)

      Human papillomavirus  ("HPV") is one of the most common causes of sexually
transmitted  infection in the world.  Experts estimate that there are more cases
of genital HPV infection than of any other sexually  transmitted disease ("STD")
in the United States.  Overall,  in the United  States,  an estimated 20 million
people (15% of the population) are currently  infected with HPV, 50-75% of which
is with high-risk  types,  and about 5.5 million people are infected every year.
It has been estimated that a least 50% of sexually  active men and women acquire
genital HPV infection at some point in their lives.

      Treating genital warts does not cure a HPV infection. The virus remains in
the body in an  inactive  state after warts are  removed.  A person  treated for
genital warts may still be able to transmit the  infection.  Common  methods for
removing genital warts involve surgically removing them. Cryotherapy is a method
that  entails  freezing  off the wart with  liquid  nitrogen  and is  relatively
inexpensive,  safe and effective. The downside to this procedure beyond the pain
factor is it must be performed by a trained health care provider.  Laser therapy
(using an intense light to destroy the warts) or surgery (cutting off the warts)
has the  advantage of getting rid of warts in a single  office  visit.  However,
treatment  can be  expensive  and the  operator  must be  well-trained  in these
methods. In addition, surgery will most likely cause scarring over the afflicted
area.


                                       11
<PAGE>

      There are additionally a number of topical creams and solutions  available
to treat  genital  warts.  Bloodroot  paste  is made  from  naturally  occurring
substances,  but its  effects on  treating  genital  warts are not  conclusively
supportive.  Condylox (also called  podophyllin) is a brown liquid that causes a
burning  sensation  as it  dries,  but it  must  be  washed  off by 4 to 6 hours
otherwise it may be dangerous. Condylox can be quite expensive as well. Condysil
is an  additional  cream  that may be  applied.  It  consists  of "all  natural"
ingredients and its producers claim it produces no scarring. The current leading
treatment of genital warts is the topical cream Aldara, but in fact there may be
a reoccurrence  rate of up to 40% when this drug is used.  Treatment for genital
warts may also come in the form of injections. Intron A is a substance that must
be injected 3 times weekly and  Alferon(R) N, which is the only natural  source,
multi-species  alpha interferon  currently sold in the US for HPV treatment,  is
injected twice weekly.

      Hepatitis C Virus ("HCV")

      Hepatitis C infection is typically mild in its early stages,  and is often
not  diagnosed  until a late state when it has caused  severe liver  disease.  A
typical cycle of disease from infection to symptomatic liver disease can take 20
years; therefore, the true impact of HCV may not be fully apparent.  Hepatitis C
is believed to be transmitted  only by blood.  However,  unlike many other blood
borne viruses (like HCV),  virtually  any source of blood  products  seems to be
capable of carrying the virus, even if the source is indirect like a used razor,
for example. This makes Hepatitis C far more transmittable than most other blood
borne viruses including HIV.

      Hepatitis  C is an RNA virus.  Once an  infection  has begun,  Hepatitis C
creates different genetic  variations of itself within the body of the host. The
mutated  forms are  frequently  different  enough from their  ancestor  that the
immune system cannot  recognize them.  Thus, even if the immune system begins to
succeed  against one variation,  the mutant strains quickly take over and become
new,  predominant  strains.  Thus, the development of antibodies against HCV may
not  produce  an  immunity  against  the  disease  like it does with most  other
viruses.  More than 80% of  individuals  infected  with HCV will  progress  to a
chronic form of the disease.

      The World Health Organization  estimates that more than 4.5 million people
in the United  States are  infected  with  Hepatitis C and more than 200 million
worldwide.  A vaccine  against  Hepatitis C is not  available and there are many
times more people infected with HCV than HIV (the virus that causes AIDS). It is
anticipated that without prompt intervention to treat infected populations,  the
death rate from Hepatitis C could surpass that from AIDS.

      Alferon N  Injection(R)  has been studied for the  potential  treatment of
HIV, Hepatitis C and other  indications.  ISI, the company from which Hemispherx
obtained  rights to Alferon N Injection(R),  has conducted  clinical trials with
regard  to the  use of  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  in the  treatment  of HIV  and
Hepatitis C. While ISI found the results to be  encouraging,  in both  instances
the FDA determined that additional trials were necessary.


                                       12
<PAGE>

      We are evaluating  the  possibility of conducting a pivotal trial for HCV.
This trial would be designed to evaluate  the  efficacy  and safety of Alferon N
Injection(R)  in  comparison  with an  untreated  control  group  in  previously
untreated  patients  with  chronic  HCV.  The  primary  endpoint  would  be  the
proportion of patients in whom ALT is normal at the end of 40 weeks of treatment
and at the end of the 24 week  follow-up  period.  We  would  plan on  enrolling
approximately 208 patients.  We will be making a decision on this clinical trial
by June 2006.

      Other Diseases

      A  clinical  study  has been  approved  by the  Clinical  Research  Ethics
Committee of the Kowloon West Cluster at the Princess  Margaret Hospital in Hong
Kong to evaluate the use of Alferon(R)  LDO (Low Dose Oral  Interferon  Alfa-N3,
Human Leukocyte Derived) in normal volunteers and/or asymptomatic  subjects with
exposure to a person known to have Severe Acute Respiratory  Syndrome  ("SARS").
This study  completed the dosing of ten patients  during the fourth quarter 2005
and we expect to  complete  analyzing  the  results  of this study in the coming
months.

      SARS is one of a group of  "emerging"  infectious  disease  that  recently
attracted the intense scrutiny of public health officials due to the severity of
disease in epidemics based in Asia, but also involving  Europe and North America
as well.  An  international  effort  to limit its  spread  and to  identify  the
infectious agent has been spectacularly  successful and of major significance in
the  prevention  of a  pandemic.  A  replicating  virus of  classic  coronavirus
morphology was identified initially by electron microscopy.  This identification
of the virus family allowed the rapid  identification of a new human coronavirus
(SARS-CoV) as the etiological agent of SARS.  Recently it has been observed that
the US FDA approved  antiviral drug,  Alferon(R)  (i.e.-natural  interferon) has
significant  activity  against  SARS-CoV in vitro as  indicated  by reduction in
cytopathic  effect  ("CPE").  This  protocol  was  designed  to  respond  to any
reemergence  of SARS with a prophylaxis  trial at epidemic sites to be conducted
to  evaluate  the  activity  of  Alferon(R)  LDO  (low  dose  oral)  to  prevent
symptomatic  infection by  SARS-CoV.  Gene  microarray  analysis of infection by
SARS-CoV and the effect of Alferon(R)  LDO are used in the design and conduct of
this clinical trial.  Differential  cellular gene responses to infection and the
response to Alferon(R) may predict clinical outcomes.

      This trial  methodology may have  implications for treating other emerging
viruses such as avian influenza. Present production methods for vaccines involve
the use of millions of chicken  eggs and would be slow to respond to an outbreak
according to a convened World Health Organization expert panel in November 2004.
Health officials are also concerned that bird flu could mutate to cause the next
pandemic and render present  vaccines  under  development  ineffective.  We have
prepared  more than 300,000  doses of Alferon(R)  LDO for  appropriate  clinical
programs.

      With the threat of an avian influenza pandemic rising and health officials
warning that the virus could develop  resistance to current flu treatments,  the
pursuit of a cost-effective and complementary  treatment to existing  antivirals
and vaccines has become  critical.  This combination may permit the use of lower
dosages and fewer injections of the antivirals and vaccines used to combat avian
flu,  thereby  decreasing the cost of both  immunization  programs and treatment
programs for the full-blown disease.


                                       13
<PAGE>

      In  antimicrobial  (antibacterial)  therapy,  which  is  the  best-studied
clinical  model,   synergistic   drug   combinations   may  result  in  curative
conditions/outcomes,  often not observed  when the single drugs are given alone.
In the case of avian influenza where global drug supplies are  presumptively  in
very  limited  supply  relative  to  potential  needs,  therapeutic  synergistic
combinations  could not only affect the disease outcome,  but also the number of
individuals able to access therapies.

      In  a  recently  reported  study  from  a  vaccine  group  in  Japan,  the
incorporation of poly I: poly C (dsRNA) into a nasal  administration of a killed
influenza A preparation  converted a poorly  immunogenic  response into a highly
efficacious  vaccine in  protection  of mice from  lethal  infection  from human
influenza A. Ampligen(R) is a dsRNA which currently is undergoing testing in the
animal model.

      A  preclinical   study  was  initiated  in  June  2005,  to  determine  if
Ampligen(R)  enhances the  effectiveness of different drug combinations on avian
influenza. The preclinical study suggests a new, and potentially pivotal role of
double-stranded  RNA  ("dsRNA")  therapeutics  in improving  the efficacy of the
present  standards in care in both  influenza  prevention and treatment of acute
disease.  The preclinical study is being conducted by research affiliates of the
National  Institutes  of Health at Utah State  University  to examine  potential
therapeutic synergies with different drug combinations.  The ongoing research is
comparing the relative protection conveyed by Tamiflu  (oseltamivir,  Roche) and
Relenza  (Zanamivir,  GlaxoSmithKline)  with Ampligen(R)  (dsRNA),  alone and in
combination,  against the avian flu virus (H5N1).  Cell destruction was measured
in vitro using  different  drug  combinations.  Both drugs,  given  alone,  were
effective  in  inhibiting  cell  destruction  by  avian  influenza,   but  viral
suppression with the combination was greater than either drug alone. The overall
assessment is that there was improvement in cell protection when Ampligen(R) was
combined with oseltamivir carboxylate (Tamiflu) and Zanamivir (Relenza). Further
immediate experimental tests are planned.

      Recently,  Japanese researchers (Journal of Virology page 2910, 2005) have
found that dsRNAs increase the  effectiveness of influenza  vaccine by more than
300% and may also convey  "cross-protection  ability  against  variant  viruses"
(mutated  strains of influenza  virus).  In October  2005,  we signed a research
agreement with the National Institute of Infectious  Diseases,  in Tokyo, Japan.
The collaboration,  by Hideki Hasegawa,  M.D., Ph.D., Chief of the Laboratory of
Infectious   Disease  Pathology,   will  assess  our  experimental   therapeutic
Ampligen(R) as a co-administered  immunotherapeutic  to the Institution's  nasal
flu vaccine.

      In October  2005,  we also  engaged the Sage Group,  Inc.,  a health care,
technology  oriented,  strategy and  transaction  advisory firm, to assist us in
obtaining a strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of  Ampligen(R) in treating
Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  or CFS.  In the past year  leaders  in the  Japanese
medical  community have  established the Japanese Society of the Fatigue Science
and the Osaka City University Hospital opened the Fatigue Clinical Center as the
initial step in their Fatigue Research Project.


                                       14
<PAGE>

      In November  2005,  we entered into an agreement  with Defence R&D Canada,
Suffield  ("DRDC  Suffield"),  an agency of the Canadian  Department of National
Defence,  to evaluate the  antiviral  efficacy of our  experimental  therapeutic
Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R) for protection  against human  respiratory  influenza
virus  infection in well validated  animal  models.  DRDC Suffield is conducting
research and development of new drugs that could potentially  become part of the
arsenal of existing  antiviral weapons to combat the bird flu. The initial study
will focus on the testing of potential drugs against the  respiratory  influenza
virus infection on a mouse-adapted strain of human influenza.  DRDC Suffield has
already conducted  extensive research in the use of liposome delivery technology
to enhance the antiviral activity of a closely-allied Ampligen(R) analogue, Poly
ICLC (an immunomodulating  dsRNA) which is very similar to Ampligen(R).  Results
suggest that ribo nucleic acid-based drugs have the ability to elicit protective
broad-spectrum  antiviral  immunity against various pathogenic  viruses.  Hence,
there is the potential for efficacy to be maintained against mutating strains of
an influenza virus.  Liposomes,  a carrier system for nucleic  acid-based drugs,
have  shown an  ability  to protect  these  drugs  against in vivo  degradation,
delivering  them to  intracellular  sites of  infection,  thereby  reducing  any
toxicity and  prolonging  their  therapeutic  effectiveness.  Protection  can be
afforded for 21 days with two doses of dsRNA. It is believed that in humans with
active flu infection, Tamiflu, given twice daily, may ameliorate symptoms.

      A clinical  study to evaluate  the use of  Alferon(R)  LDO in HIV infected
volunteers was initiated during the second quarter 2005 in Philadelphia, PA. The
study  is  currently  being  conducted  at  two  sites,  Drexel  University  and
Philadelphia FIGHT, a comprehensive AIDS service organization  providing primary
care,  consumer  education,  advocacy and research on potential  treatments  and
vaccines.  The  study  is  designed  to  determine  whether  Alferon(R)  LDO can
resuscitate  the  broad-spectrum  antiviral  and  immunostimulatory  genes.  The
initial  patient  enrolled in this study in July 2005 and, as of December  2005,
seven patients have enrolled and completed  dosing.  We are currently  receiving
data from this study and we are in the process of  analyzing  the  results.  The
trial methodology may have implications for treating other emerging viruses such
as avian influenza (bird flu).  Present  production methods for vaccines involve
the use of millions of chicken  eggs and would be slow to respond to an outbreak
according  to a recently  convened  WHO expert  panel in November  2004.  Health
officials  are also  concerned  that  bird flu  could  mutate  to cause the next
pandemic and render present vaccines under development ineffective.

      In  September  2004,  we  commenced  a  clinical  trial  using  Alferon  N
Injection(R) to treat patients infected with the West Nile Virus. The infectious
Disease  section of New York Queens  Hospital and the Weill  Medical  College of
Cornell University are conducting this double-blinded, placebo controlled trial.
This study plans to enroll 60 patients as they become available.  As of December
31, 2005,  nine  patients  have  entered this study.  The CDC reports that 2,819
cases of West Nile Virus have been  reported in the US as of January  10,  2006,
including 105 deaths.

      In 2005 we  completed  the  transfer and  consolidation  of our  Rockville
Quality Assurance Lab and equipment into our New Brunswick facility.  We believe
this newly  consolidated lab will provide more  efficiencies  with regard to the
quality assurance needs for both Ampligen(R) and Alferon N Injection(R).

      An FDA authorized  Phase I/II study of  Ampligen(R)  in cancer,  including
patients with renal cell  carcinoma  was completed in 1994.  The results of this
study  indicated  that patients  receiving high doses  (200-500mg)  twice weekly
experienced an increase in medium survival compared to the low dose group and as
compared to an historical control group. We received  authorization from the FDA
to initiate a Phase II study using Ampligen(R) to treat patients with metastatic
renal cell  carcinoma.  Patients with  metastatic  melanoma were included in the
Phase I/II study of Ampligen(R) in cancer.  The FDA has authorized us to conduct
a Phase II clinical  trial using  Ampligen(R)  in melanoma.  We do not expect to
devote any significant resources to funding these studies in the near future.


                                       15
<PAGE>

MANUFACTURING

      Historically,  we have  outsourced  the  manufacturing  of  Ampligen(R) to
certain  contractor  facilities  in the  United  States and South  Africa  while
maintaining  full quality control and  supervision of the process.  Nucleic Acid
polymers  constitute the raw material used in the production of Ampligen(R).  We
previously acquired our raw materials from Ribotech,  Ltd.  ("Ribotech") located
in South  Africa.  Ribotech,  is  jointly  owned  by us  (24.9%)  and  Bioclones
(Proprietary),  Ltd. (75.1%). Bioclones manages and operates Ribotech. There are
a limited number of  manufacturers in the United States available to provide the
polymers.  At present,  we do not have any agreements with third parties for the
supply of any of such materials. In order to obtain Ampligen(R) raw materials of
higher quality (GMP  certified) and on a more regular  production  basis, we are
setting up polymer manufacturing  operations in our New Brunswick facility. This
consolidation  and transfer of manufacturing  operations has been implemented in
response to a recent  inspection of the Ribotech  facility in South Africa,  our
previous  supplier of polymers.  This facility is not, at present,  suitable for
the commercial  manufacture of polymers used to make  Ampligen(R).  We have also
identified  and  contacted two  manufacturers  for the possible  manufacture  of
polymers.  Engagement of either of these facilities would provide back up to our
NJ  facility  and  additional  production  capacity.  This  transfer  of polymer
manufacturing to our own facilities, and/or to another contract manufacturer may
delay certain steps in commercialization process, specifically, our NDA filing.

      Until  1999,  we  distributed  Ampligen(R)  in the form of a  freeze-dried
powder to be  formulated  by  pharmacists  at the site of use.  We  perfected  a
production  process to produce ready to use liquid Ampligen(R) in a dosage form,
which  will  mainly be used upon  commercial  approval  of  Ampligen(R).  We had
engaged  the   services  of   Schering-Plough   ("Schering")   to  mass  produce
ready-to-use  Ampligen(R)  doses;  however,  in connection with settling various
manufacturing  infractions  previously noted by the FDA, Schering entered into a
"Consent  Decree"  with the FDA  whereby,  among  other  things,  it  agreed  to
discontinue various contract (third party)  manufacturing  activities at various
facilities  including its San Juan, Puerto Rico, plant.  Ampligen(R)  (which was
not involved in any of the cited  infractions)  was produced at this Puerto Rico
plant from year 2000-2004. Operating under instructions from the Consent Decree,
Schering  advised  us that it would no longer  manufacture  Ampligen(R)  in this
facility  beyond  2004  and  would  assist  us in an  orderly  transfer  of said
activities to other non Schering facilities.

      On December 9, 2005, we executed a Supply  Agreement with  Hollister-Stier
Laboratories LLC of Spokane,  Washington  ("Hollister-Stier"),  for the contract
manufacturing of Ampligen(R) for a five year term.  Pursuant to the agreement we
will supply the key raw materials and Hollister-Stier  will formulate and bottle
the  Ampligen(R).  In November  2005,  we paid $100,000 as a deposit in order to
initiate the  manufacturing  project.  This deposit was expensed as research and
development  during  the  4th  Quarter  2005.  The  achievement  of the  initial
objectives  described  in  the  agreement,   in  combination  with  our  polymer
production facility under construction in New Brunswick,  N.J., may enable us to
manufacture the raw materials for approximately  10,000 doses of Ampligen(R) per
week. We executed a confidentiality  agreement with Hollister-Stier;  therefore,
we commenced the transfer of our  manufacturing  technology to  Hollister-Stier.
Currently,  Hollister-Stier  has  completed  two  pilot  manufacturing  runs  of
Ampligen(R) for stability testing.


                                       16
<PAGE>

      We have  identified  two other cGMP  production  facilities  in the United
States  capable  of  manufacturing  Ampligen(R).  Engagement  of either of these
facilities would provide back-up to  Hollister-Stier  and/or provide  additional
production  capacity if needed. We are reviewing proposals from these production
facilities and expect to act upon one or the other at the appropriate time.

      The purified drug  concentrate  utilized in the  formulation  of Alferon N
Injection(R)  is  manufactured  in our New  Brunswick,  New Jersey  facility and
Alferon N  Injection(R)  was  formulated  and packaged at a production  facility
formerly  owned and operated by Abbott  Laboratories  located in Kansas.  Abbott
Laboratories has sold the facility to Hospira.  Hospira  recently  completed the
production  of 11,590  vials.  Hospira is ceasing the labeling and  packaging of
Alferon N  Injection(R)  as they are  seeking  larger  production  runs for cost
efficiency  purposes.  We have identified two manufacturers  and, on February 8,
2006, we executed a  Manufacturing  and Safety  Agreement  with  Hyaluron,  Inc.
("Hyaluron") of Burlington,  Massachusetts,  for the formulation,  packaging and
labeling of Alferon N  Injection(R).  Pursuant to the Agreement,  we will supply
raw materials in sufficient  quantity and provide any pertinent  information  to
the project.

      We have begun  preliminary  work to convert the third lot of approximately
13,000 vials to finished goods inventory with an anticipated completion date for
the third quarter  2006. By the first quarter 2007, we anticipate  manufacturing
new  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  lots  from  blood  leukocytes  at our New  Jersey
facility.  Final  formulation  and packaging would be completed by a third party
contractor as noted above.

      The transfer of Ampligen(R) raw materials production to our own facilities
has obvious  advantages  with  respect to overall  control of the  manufacturing
procedure of  Ampligen(R)'s  raw materials,  keeping costs down and  controlling
regulatory  compliance  issues  (other parts of the of our 43,000 sq. ft. wholly
owned FDA approved facility are already in compliance for Alferon N Injection(R)
manufacture).  This will also allow us to obtain  Ampligen(R) raw materials on a
more  consistent   manufacturing  basis.  As  of  December  31,  2005,  we  have
capitalized  approximately $821,000 towards the construction and installation of
this production line at our New Jersey facility. The anticipated completion date
for the  facility is first  quarter 2006 with the first lot of  Ampligen(R)  raw
material  being  produced in the second quarter 2006. We estimate the total cost
of  establishing   this  production  line  to  be  some  $1,900,000,   including
modifications to our New Brunswick  facility.  This polymer production line will
have the capacity to produce up to four kilograms per week, or 100 kilograms per
year which should allow us to  manufacture  up to one-half  million 400 mg doses
per year. We have also identified three contract manufacturers to expand polymer
manufacture,  if  necessary,  and obtained  preliminary  proposals  from two and
initiated discussions with the third.


MARKETING/DISTRIBUTION

      Our marketing strategy for Ampligen(R)  reflects the differing health care
systems around the world, and the different  marketing and distribution  systems
that are used to supply  pharmaceutical  products to those systems. In the U.S.,
we expect that, subject to receipt of regulatory  approval,  Ampligen(R) will be
utilized in four medical arenas: physicians' offices, clinics, hospitals and the
home treatment setting.  We currently plan to use a service provided in the home
infusion  (non-hospital)  segment of the U.S. market to execute direct marketing
activities,  conduct physical distribution of the product and handle billing and
collections.  Accordingly,  we are developing  marketing plans to facilitate the
product  distribution  and medical support for indication,  if and when they are
approved,  in each arena.  We believe that this  approach  will  facilitate  the
generation of revenue without  incurring the substantial costs associated with a
sales force.  Furthermore,  management believes that the approach will enable us
to retain many options for future marketing strategies. In February 1998, we and
Accredo  Health  Services  (formerly  Gentiva  Health  Services)  entered into a
Distribution/Specialty  Agreement for the  distribution  of Ampligen(R)  for the
treatment of ME/CFS patients under the U.S. treatment protocols.



                                       17
<PAGE>

      In Europe, we plan to adopt a country-by-country and, in certain cases, an
indication-by-indication  marketing strategy due to the heterogeneity regulation
and  alternative  distribution  systems in these areas. We also plan to adopt an
indication-by-indication  strategy  in Japan.  Subject to receipt of  regulatory
approval, we plan to seek strategic partnering  arrangements with pharmaceutical
companies to facilitate introductions in these areas. The relative prevalence of
people  from  target  indications  for  Ampligen(R)   varies   significantly  by
geographic  region,  and we intend to adjust our clinical and marketing planning
to reflect  the  specialty  of each area.  In October  1994,  we entered  into a
licensing  agreement  with  Bioclones  (Propriety)  Limited  ("Bioclones")  with
respect to co-development  of various RNA drugs,  including  Ampligen(R),  for a
period ending three years from the expiration of the last licensed patents.  The
licensing agreement provided  SAB/Bioclones with an exclusive  manufacturing and
marketing license for certain southern hemisphere  countries  (including certain
countries in South  America,  Africa and Australia as well as the United Kingdom
and Ireland (the licensed  territory).  We deem this marketing  arrangement with
Bioclones void due to the numerous and long standing  failures of performance by
Bioclones.  In  Spain,  Portugal  and  Andorra  we  have  entered  into a  Sales
Distribution  Agreement  with  Laboratorios  del  Dr.  Esteve,  S.  A.,  a major
pharmaceutical firm headquartered in Spain.

      We continue  our efforts to  establish  an  internal  marketing  and sales
infrastructure  to  support  the sales of Alferon N  Injection(R)  in the United
States.  We  continually  search for qualified  sales managers to increase sales
coverage  in all major US  markets.  Our  current  sales  force  includes  three
regional  sales  managers in Texas,  Florida and New York.  Our sales force will
introduce Alferon N Injection(R) and promote Alferon N Injection(R) to OB GYN's,
dermatologists,  and infectious disease physicians and particularly STD Clinics,
who are  involved in the  treatment  of patients  with  refractory  or recurring
external  genital warts, as well as physicians about the growing problem and the
risks of HPV.  We also  intend  to expand  our  marketing/sales  programs  on an
international  basis with our  primary  focus on Europe.  This  program is being
designed to engage European pharmaceutical distributors to market and distribute
Alferon N Injection(R).


COMPETITION

      Our potential competitors are among the largest  pharmaceutical  companies
in the world, are well known to the public and the medical  community,  and have
substantially   greater   financial   resources,    product   development,   and
manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have.

      These  companies and their  competing  products may be more  effective and
less costly than our products. In addition,  conventional drug therapy,  surgery
and other more  familiar  treatments  will offer  competition  to our  products.
Furthermore, our competitors have significantly greater experience than we do in
pre-clinical testing and human clinical trials of pharmaceutical products and in
obtaining  FDA,  EMEA Health  Protection  Branch  ("HPB")  and other  regulatory
approvals of products.  Accordingly,  our  competitors  may succeed in obtaining
FDA, EMEA and HPB product approvals more rapidly than us. If any of our products
receive regulatory  approvals and we commence  commercial sales of our products,
we will also be competing with respect to manufacturing efficiency and marketing
capabilities,  areas in which we have no experience. Our competitors may possess
or obtain patent protection or other intellectual  property rights that prevent,
limit or  otherwise  adversely  affect our  ability  to  develop or exploit  our
products.


                                       18
<PAGE>

      The major  competitors  with drugs to treat HIV  diseases  include  Gilead
Pharmaceutical,  Pfizer, Bristol-Myers, Abbott Labs, Glaxo Smithkline, Merck and
Schering-Plough  Corp. Alferon N Injection(R)  currently competes with a product
produced by Schering for treating  genital  warts.  3M  Pharmaceutical  also has
received FDA approval for its immune response modifier product,  Aldera, for the
treatment of genital and perianal  warts.  We believe the approval and marketing
of this product is the main reason that sales of Alferon N Injection(R) have not
met our expectations in the current year.


GOVERNMENT REGULATION

      Regulation by governmental  authorities in the U.S. and foreign  countries
is and will be a significant  factor in the manufacture and marketing of Alferon
N  products  and  our  ongoing  research  and  product  development  activities.
Ampligen(R)  and the products  developed  from the ongoing  research and product
development   activities   will   require   regulatory   clearances   prior   to
commercialization. In particular, new human drug products for humans are subject
to rigorous preclinical and clinical testing as a condition for clearance by the
FDA and by similar  authorities  in foreign  countries.  The lengthy  process of
seeking these  approvals,  and the ongoing process of compliance with applicable
statutes  and  regulations,  has  required,  and will  continue  to require  the
expenditure of substantial resources.  Any failure by us or our collaborators or
licensees  to obtain,  or any delay in  obtaining,  regulatory  approvals  could
materially  adversely  affect the marketing of any products  developed by us and
our ability to receive product or royalty revenue.  We have received orphan drug
designation  for certain  therapeutic  indications,  which might,  under certain
conditions,  accelerate  the  process  of  drug  commercialization.   Alferon  N
Injection(R) is only approved for use in  intralesional  treatment of refractory
or recurring external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older. Use of
Alferon N Injection(R) for other applications requires regulatory approval.

      A  "Fast-Track"  designation  by the FDA, while not affecting any clinical
development  time per se, has the  potential  effect of reducing the  regulatory
review  time by  fifty  percent  (50%)  from  the time  that a  commercial  drug
application  is  actually  submitted  for final  regulatory  review.  Regulatory
agencies  may  apply a "Fast  Track"  designation  to a  potential  new  drug to
accelerate the approval and commercialization process. Criteria for "Fast Track"
include:  a) a devastating disease without adequate therapy and b) laboratory or
clinical evidence that the candidate drug may address the unmet medical need. As
of this date,  we have not  received  a  Fast-Track  designation  for any of our
potential  therapeutic  indications  although  we  have  received  "Orphan  Drug
Designation"  for both  ME/CFS and  HIV/AIDS  in the U.S.  We will  continue  to
present data from time to time in support of obtaining  accelerated  review.  We
have not yet  submitted  any NDA for  Ampligen(R)  or any other  drug to a North
American  regulatory  authority.  In 2000,  we submitted an emergency  treatment
protocol for clinically-resistant HIV patients, which was withdrawn by us during
the  statutory 30 day  regulatory  review period in favor of a set of individual
physician-generated applications. There are no assurances that authorizations to
commence such treatments will be granted by any regulatory authority or that the
resultant treatments, if any, will support drug efficacy and safety. In 2001, we
did receive FDA authorization for two separate Phase IIb HIV treatment protocols
in which our drug is combined with certain  presently  available  antiretroviral
agents. Interim results were presented in 2002 and 2003 at various international
scientific meetings.


                                       19
<PAGE>

      We are subject to various federal,  state and local laws,  regulations and
recommendations relating to such matters as safe working conditions,  laboratory
and manufacturing  practices, the experimental use of animals and the use of and
disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including radioactive
compounds and infectious  disease  agents,  used in connection with our research
work. The laboratory and production facility in New Brunswick, New Jersey, which
we acquired from ISI, is approved for the  manufacture of Alferon N Injection(R)
and we believe it is in substantial  compliance  with all material  regulations.
However,  we cannot give assurances that facilities  owned and operated by third
parties that are utilized in the manufacture of our products, are in substantial
compliance, or if presently in substantial compliance, will remain so.


RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT/COLLABORATIVE AGREEMENTS

      In  1994,   we  entered  into  a  licensing   agreement   with   Bioclones
(Proprietary)  limited  ("Bioclones") for manufacturing and international market
development in Africa,  Australia,  New Zealand,  Tasmania,  the United Kingdom,
Ireland and certain countries in South Africa, of Ampligen(R) and Oragen(TM). We
deem this marketing arrangement with Bioclones void due to the numerous and long
standing failures of performance by Bioclones. On December 27, 2004 we initiated
a lawsuit  in  Federal  Court  identifying  a  conspiratorial  group  seeking to
illegally manipulate our stock for purposes of bringing about a hostile takeover
of Hemispherx. This conspiratorial group includes Bioclones.

      In 1998,  we entered  into a strategic  alliance  with  Accredo to develop
certain  marketing and  distribution  capacities  for  Ampligen(R) in the United
States.  Accredo is one of the nation's  largest home health care companies with
over 400  offices  and sixty  thousand  caregivers  nationwide.  Pursuant to the
agreement,   Accredo  assumed  certain   responsibilities  for  distribution  of
Ampligen(R)  for which they  received a fee.  Through this  arrangement,  we may
mitigate the necessity of incurring  certain  up-front  costs.  Accredo has also
worked with us in  connection  with the Amp 511 ME/CFS cost  recovery  treatment
program,  Amp 516 ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial and the Amp 719  (combining
Ampligen(R)  with other antiviral  drugs in HIV-salvage  therapy and Amp 720 HIV
Phase IIb clinical  trials now under way).  There can be no assurances that this
alliance will develop a significant  commercial  position in any of its targeted
chronic  disease  markets.  The  agreement  had an  initial  one year  term from
February 9, 1998 with  successive  additional one year terms unless either party
notifies the other not less than 180 days prior to the  anniversary  date of its
intent to terminate the  agreement.  Also,  the agreement may be terminated  for
uncured  defaults,  or  bankruptcy,  or  insolvency  of  either  party  and will
automatically  terminate upon our receiving an NDA for Ampligen(R) from the FDA,
at which  time,  a new  agreement  will need to be  negotiated  with  Accredo or
another major drug distributor.


                                       20
<PAGE>

      The Company acquired a series of patents on Oragens,  potentially a set of
oral broad spectrum antivirals and immunological enhancers,  through a licensing
agreement with Temple University in Philadelphia, PA. The Company was granted an
exclusive  worldwide  license  from  Temple  for  the  Oragens  products.  These
compounds have been evaluated in various  academic  laboratories for application
to  chronic  viral  and  immunological  disorders.  The  2',  5'  oligoadenylate
synthetase/RNase L system is an important and widely distributed pathway for the
inhibition  of viral  replication  and tumor growth.  The 2', 5'  oligoadenylate
synthetase,   up  activation  by   double-stranded   RNA,   synthesizes  2',  5'
oligoadenylates  (2-5A) from ATP. These bioactive 2-5As directly  activate RNase
L, which degrades viral and cellular RNAs resulting in the inhibition of protein
synthesis.  The bioactive 2-5A  molecules can be degraded by various  hydrolytic
enzymes,  resulting in a short half life.  Analogues of these  bioactive  2-5As,
termed  Oragen RNA  compounds,  have been  produced  to increase  stability  and
maintain or increase biological activity without demonstrable toxicity. Pursuant
to the terms of the Company's agreement with Temple, the Company is obligated to
pay  royalties  of 2% to 4% of  sales  depending  on  the  amount  of  technical
assistance required. The Company currently pays a royalty of $30,000 per year to
Temple.  This  agreement  is to remain  in  effect  until the date that the last
licensed  patent expires unless  terminated  sooner by mutual consent or default
due to royalties not being paid. The last  Oragen(TM)  patent expires on June 1,
2018. The Company records the payment of the royalty as research and development
cost for the period incurred.

      In December,  1999, we entered into an agreement with Biovail  Corporation
International   ("Biovail").   Biovail   is  an   international   full   service
pharmaceutical   company   engaged  in  the   formulation,   clinical   testing,
registration and manufacture of drug products  utilizing  advanced drug delivery
systems.  Biovail is  headquartered  in Toronto,  Canada.  The agreement  grants
Biovail the exclusive distributorship of our product in the Canadian territories
subject to certain terms and  conditions.  In return,  Biovail agrees to conduct
certain   pre-marketing   clinical  studies  and  market  development  programs,
including without limitation, expansion of the Emergency Drug Release Program in
Canada with respect to our products. In addition, Biovail agrees to work with us
in  preparing  and  filing  a  New  Drug  Submission  with  Canadian  Regulatory
Authorities at the appropriate time.  Biovail invested  $2,250,000 in Hemispherx
equity  at prices  above the then  current  market  price and  agreed to make an
additional  investment  of  $1,750,000  based on  receiving  approval  to market
Ampligen(R) in Canada from the appropriate regulatory authorities in Canada. The
agreement  requires  Biovail to buy  exclusively  from us and penetrate  certain
market segments at specific rates in order to maintain market  exclusivity.  The
agreement  terminates  on December  15,  2009,  subject to  successive  two-year
extensions by the parties and subject to earlier  termination by the parties for
uncured defaults under the agreement,  bankruptcy or insolvency of either party,
or  withdrawal  of our product from Canada for a period of more than ninety days
for serious adverse health or safety reasons.


                                       21
<PAGE>

      In  May  2000,  we  acquired  an  interest  in  Chronix  Biomedical  Corp.
("CHRONIX").  Chronix  focuses upon the  development of diagnostics  for chronic
diseases.  We issued  100,000  shares of common stock to Chronix  toward a total
equity investment of $700,000.  Pursuant to a strategic alliance  agreement,  we
provided  Chronix with  $250,000 for  research and  development  in an effort to
develop  intellectual  property on potential  new products  for  diagnosing  and
treating various chronic illnesses such as ME/CFS.  These costs were expensed as
incurred.  The strategic  alliance  agreement provides us certain royalty rights
with respect to certain diagnostic technology developed from this research and a
right of first refusal to license certain therapeutic  technology developed from
this  research.  The  strategic  alliance  agreement  provides us with a royalty
payment of 10% of all net sales of  diagnostic  technology  developed by Chronix
for  diagnosing  Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome,  Gulf War Syndrome and Human Herpes
Virus-6  associated  diseases.  The royalty continues for the longer of 12 years
from  September 15, 2000 or the life of any patent(s)  issued with regard to the
diagnostic  technology.  The strategic  alliance agreement also provides us with
the right of first refusal to acquire an exclusive worldwide license for any and
all therapeutic  technology developed by Chronix on or before September 14, 2012
for  treating  Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome,  Gulf War  Syndrome  and Human Herpes
Virus-6  associated  diseases.  During the quarter  ended  December 31, 2002 and
September  30,  2004 we  recorded a noncash  charge of  $292,000  and  $373,000,
respectively, with respect to our investment in Chronix. This impairment reduces
our  carrying  value to reflect a permanent  decline in  Chronix's  market value
based on its then proposed equity offerings.

      In March 2002,  our European  subsidiary  Hemispherx  S.A.  entered into a
Sales and  Distribution  agreement  with  Esteve.  Pursuant  to the terms of the
Agreement,  Esteve was  granted the  exclusive  right to market  Ampligen(R)  in
Spain,  Portugal and Andorra for the  treatment of ME/CFS.  In addition to other
terms and other projected  payments,  Esteve agreed to conduct certain  clinical
trials using Ampligen(R) in the patient  population  coinfected with HCV and HIV
viruses.  The Agreement  runs for the longer of ten years from the date of first
arms-length sale in the Territory,  the expiration of the last Hemispherx patent
exploited by Esteve or the period of regulatory  data protection for Ampligen(R)
in the applicable territory. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement Esteve is to
conduct  clinical  trials using  Ampligen(R) to treat patients with both HCV and
HIV and is required to purchase  certain  minimum  annual amounts of Ampligen(R)
following regulatory  approval.  Esteve initiated the HIV/HCV clinical trials in
Spain in late 2004,  but did not proceed  with the trials due to an inability to
enroll a sufficient  number of  patients.  We are  discussing  with Esteve their
initiation  of  another   clinical  trial   utilizing   Ampligen(R)  in  another
indication.  The  agreement  is  terminable  by either party if  Ampligen(R)  is
withdrawn  from the  territory  for a  specified  period due to serious  adverse
health or safety reasons; bankruptcy, insolvency or related issues of one of the
parties;  or material  breach of the  agreement.  Hemispherx  may  transform the
agreement into a non-exclusive agreement or terminate the agreement in the event
that Esteve does not meet specified  percentages of its annual minimum  purchase
requirements  under the  agreement.  Esteve may  terminate  the agreement in the
event  that  Hemispherx  fails to  supply  Ampligen(R)  to the  territory  for a
specified  period  of  time  or  certain  clinical  trials  being  conducted  by
Hemispherx  are not  successful.  The last patent with respect to this agreement
expires on June 5, 2012.

      Recently,  Japanese researchers (Journal of Virology page 2910, 2005) have
found that dsRNAs increase the  effectiveness of influenza  vaccine by more than
300% and may also convey  "cross-protection  ability  against  variant  viruses"
(mutated  strains of influenza  virus).  In October  2005,  we signed a research
agreement with the National Institute of Infectious  Diseases,  in Tokyo, Japan.
The collaboration,  by Hideki Hasegawa,  M.D., Ph.D., Chief of the Laboratory of
Infectious   Disease  Pathology,   will  assess  our  experimental   therapeutic
Ampligen(R) as a co-administered  immunotherapuetic  to the Institution's  nasal
flu vaccine.

      In October  2005,  we also  engaged the Sage Group,  Inc.,  a health care,
technology  oriented,  strategy and  transaction  advisory firm, to assist us in
obtaining a strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of  Ampligen(R) in treating
Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  or CFS.  In the past year  leaders  in the  Japanese
medical  community have  established the Japanese Society of the Fatigue Science
and the Osaka City University Hospital opened the Fatigue Clinical Center as the
initial step in their Fatigue Research  Project.  We are in discussions with the
Sage Group,  Inc. to expand its engagement to assist us in obtaining a strategic
alliance in Japan for the use of Ampligen(R) in treating Avaian Flu.


                                       22
<PAGE>

      In November  2005,  we entered into an agreement  with Defence R&D Canada,
Suffield  ("DRDC  Suffield"),  an agency of the Canadian  Department of National
Defence,  to evaluate the  antiviral  efficacy of our  experimental  therapeutic
Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R) for protection  against human  respiratory  influenza
virus  infection in well validated  animal  models.  DRDC Suffield is conducting
research and development of new drugs that could potentially  become part of the
arsenal of existing  antiviral weapons to combat the bird flu. The initial study
will focus on the testing of potential drugs against the  respiratory  influenza
virus infection on a mouse-adapted strain of human influenza.

      We have  entered  into  agreements  for  consulting  services,  which  are
performed at medical research  institutions and by medical and clinical research
individuals. Our obligation to fund these agreements can be terminated after the
initial funding period,  which generally ranges from one to three years or on an
as-needed monthly basis. During the year ending December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005
we incurred  approximately  $395,000,  $220,000  and $236,000  respectively,  of
consulting  service  fees under  these  agreements.  These  costs are charged to
research and development expense as incurred.

      On December 9, 2005, we executed a Supply  Agreement with  Hollister-Stier
Laboratories LLC of Spokane,  Washington  ("Hollister-Stier"),  for the contract
manufacturing of Ampligen(R) for a five year term.  Pursuant to the agreement we
will supply the key raw materials and Hollister-Stier  will formulate and bottle
the  Ampligen(R).  In November  2005,  we paid $100,000 as a deposit in order to
initiate the  manufacturing  project.  This deposit was expensed as research and
development  during  the  4th  Quarter  2005.  The  achievement  of the  initial
objectives  described  in  the  agreement,   in  combination  with  our  polymer
production facility under construction in New Brunswick,  N.J., may enable us to
manufacture the raw materials for approximately  10,000 doses of Ampligen(R) per
week. We executed a confidentiality  agreement with Hollister-Stier;  therefore,
we commenced the transfer of our  manufacturing  technology to  Hollister-Stier.
Currently,  Hollister-Stier  has  completed  two  pilot  manufacturing  runs  of
Ampligen(R) for stability testing.

      On February 8, 2006, we executed a Manufacturing and Safety Agreement with
Hyaluron, Inc. ("Hyaluron") of Burlington,  Massachusetts,  for the formulation,
packaging and labeling of Alferon N Injection(R).  Pursuant to the Agreement, we
will supply raw  materials  in  sufficient  quantity  and provide any  pertinent
information to the project.

      The development of our nucleic acid based products requires the commitment
of substantial  resources to conduct the  time-consuming  research,  preclinical
development,  and clinical  trials that are  necessary  to bring  pharmaceutical
products to market and to establish  commercial-scale  production  and marketing
capabilities.  During  our last  three  fiscal  years,  we have  directly  spent
approximately  $12,136,000 in research and development,  of which  approximately
$5,144,000 was expended in the year ended December 31, 2005.  These direct costs
do not include the overhead and  administrative  costs  necessary to support the
research and development effort.


                                       23
<PAGE>


HUMAN RESOURCES

      As of March  24,  2006,  we had 62  personnel  consisting  of 43 full time
employees,  19 regulatory/research  medical personnel on a part-time basis. Part
time personnel are paid on a per diem or monthly basis. 43 personnel are engaged
in our research,  development,  clinical,  and  manufacturing  effort. 19 of our
personnel perform regulatory, general administration, data processing, including
bio-statistics,  financial and investor  relations  functions.  We have no union
employees and we believe our relationship with our employees is good.

      While we have  been  successful  in  attracting  skilled  and  experienced
scientific personnel,  there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract
or retain the necessary qualified employees and/or consultants in the future.


SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD

      Our Scientific  Advisory Board consists of individuals who we believe have
particular  scientific and medical  expertise in Virology,  Cancer,  Immunology,
Biochemistry and related fields.  These individuals will advise us about current
and long term  scientific  planning  including  research  and  development.  The
Scientific  Advisory Board will hold periodic meetings as needed by the clinical
studies in progress by us. In addition,  individual  Scientific  Advisory  Board
Members sometimes will consult with, and meet informally with our employees. All
members  of the  Scientific  Advisory  are  employed  by  others  and  may  have
commitments to and/or consulting  agreements with other entities,  including our
potential competitors.  Members of the Scientific Advisory Board are compensated
at the rate of $1,000 per meeting attended or per day devoted to our affairs.



ITEM 1A. Risk Factors.

      The following cautionary  statements identify important factors that could
cause our  actual  result to  differ  materially  from  those  projected  in the
forward-looking  statements  made in this Form 10-K.  Among the key factors that
have a direct bearing on our results of operations are:

No assurance of successful product development

      Ampligen(R) and related  products.  The development of Ampligen(R) and our
other related products is subject to a number of significant risks.  Ampligen(R)
may be found to be ineffective or to have adverse side effects,  fail to receive
necessary  regulatory  clearances,  be difficult to  manufacture on a commercial
scale,  be  uneconomical  to market or be precluded  from  commercialization  by
proprietary  right of third  parties.  Our  products  are in  various  stages of
clinical and pre-clinical  development and, require further clinical studies and
appropriate  regulatory  approval  processes  before  any such  products  can be
marketed.  We do not know when, if ever,  Ampligen(R) or our other products will
be generally available for commercial sale for any indication. Generally, only a
small percentage of potential  therapeutic  products are eventually  approved by
the FDA for commercial sale.

      The clinical development of the experimental therapeutic,  Ampligen(R) for
CFS was initiated  approximately  16 years ago. To date federal health  agencies
have yet to reach a consensus  regarding  various  aspects of ME/CFS,  including
parameters of "promising  therapies"  for ME/CFS and which aspects of ME/CFS are
anticipated to be "serious or life-threatening".


                                       24
<PAGE>

      Over  its   developmental   history,   Ampligen(R)  has  received  various
designations,  including  Orphan Drug  Product  Certification  (FDA),  Emergency
(compassionate) Cost Recovery Sales Authorization (FDA) and "promising" clinical
outcome  recognition based on the evaluation of certain summary clinical reports
(AHRQ, Agency Health Research Quality).  However to date, the FDA has determined
it has yet to  receive  sufficient  information  to  support  the  potential  of
Ampligen(R)  to treat a  serious  or life  threatening  aspect  of  ME/CFS.  The
definition  of the  "seriousness  of a  condition",  according  to Guidance  for
Industry  documents  published  in  July  2004 is "a  matter  of  judgment,  but
generally  based  on  its  impact  on  such  factors  as  survival,   day-to-day
functioning,  or the  likelihood  that  the  disease,  if left  untreated,  will
progress  from a less  severe  condition  to a more  serious  one".  The FDA has
recently  requested  a  "complete  and  audited  report  of the Amp 516 study to
determine whether  Ampligen(R) has a clinically  meaningful benefit on a serious
or life  threatening  aspect of ME/CFS in order to evaluate  whether the Amp 516
study results do or do not support a "fast track designation".  The FDA has also
invited us to include a schedule for completion of all ME/CFS studies as well as
a proposed  schedule  for our NDA  submission.  Because  we  believe  our ME/CFS
studies are complete, we intend to request a pre-NDA meeting to obtain advice on
preparing and  submitting  our NDA,  which may eliminate the need for Fast Track
Designation.  Meanwhile,  we will continue with our existing  ongoing efforts to
prepare a complete  and audited  report of our various  studies,  including  the
well-controlled  Amp 516 study.  We are using our best  efforts to complete  the
requisite  reports  including  the  hiring of new staff and  various  recognized
expert  medical/regulatory  consultants,  but can  provide  no  assurance  as to
whether  the  outcome  of  this  large  data   collection   and  filing  process
(approximately  750 patients,  treated more than 45,000 times) will be favorable
or unfavorable, specifically with respect to the FDA's perspective. Also, we can
provide no guidance as to the tentative date at which the compilation and filing
of such data will be complete,  as  significant  factors are outside our control
including,  without  limitation,  the ability and willingness of the independent
clinical  investigators  to  complete  the  requisite  reports at an  acceptable
regulatory  standard,  the ability to collect  overseas  generated data, and the
ability of  Hollister-Stier  facilities to interface  with our own New Brunswick
staff/facilities to meet the manufacturing regulatory standards.

      Alferon N  Injection(R).  Although  Alferon N Injection(R) is approved for
marketing in the United States for the intralesional  treatment of refractory or
recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older; to date
it has not been  approved  for  other  indications.  We face  many of the  risks
discussed  above,  with regard to developing this product for use to treat other
ailments such as multiple sclerosis and cancer.

Our drug and related  technologies are investigational and subject to regulatory
approval. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval, our operations will be
significantly affected.

      All of our  drugs  and  associated  technologies,  other  than  Alferon  N
Injection(R),  are investigational and must receive prior regulatory approval by
appropriate  regulatory  authorities  for general use and are currently  legally
available only through  clinical  trials with specified  disorders.  At present,
Alferon N  Injection(R)  is only  approved  for the  intralesional  treatment of
refractory  or recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or
older.  Use of  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  for  other  indications  will  require
regulatory approval. In this regard, ISI, the company from which we obtained our
rights to Alferon N  Injection(R),  conducted  clinical trials related to use of
Alferon N Injection(R)  for treatment of HIV and Hepatitis C. In both instances,
the FDA  determined  that  additional  studies were  necessary in order to fully
evaluate  the  efficacy of Alferon N  Injection(R)  in the  treatment of HIV and
Hepatitis C diseases.  We have no immediate  plans to conduct  these  additional
studies at this time.


                                       25
<PAGE>

      Our products,  including Ampligen(R),  are subject to extensive regulation
by numerous governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries, including,
but not limited to, the FDA in the U.S., the Health Protection Branch ("HPB") of
Canada,  and the Agency for the  Evaluation  of Medicinal  Products  ("EMEA") in
Europe.  Obtaining  regulatory  approvals is a rigorous and lengthy  process and
requires the  expenditure  of  substantial  resources.  In order to obtain final
regulatory  approval of a new drug, we must  demonstrate to the  satisfaction of
the  regulatory  agency that the product is safe and  effective for its intended
uses and that we are  capable of  manufacturing  the  product to the  applicable
regulatory  standards.  We  require  regulatory  approval  in  order  to  market
Ampligen(R)  or any other  proposed  product  and  receive  product  revenues or
royalties. We cannot assure you that Ampligen(R) will ultimately be demonstrated
to be safe or efficacious.  In addition, while Ampligen(R) is authorized for use
in clinical  trials in the United States,  we cannot assure you that  additional
clinical  trial  approvals  will be  authorized in the United States or in other
countries,  in a  timely  fashion  or at all,  or that  we will  complete  these
clinical  trials.  If  Ampligen(R) or one of our other products does not receive
regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere, our operations most likely will be
materially adversely affected.



Although  preliminary in vitro testing  indicates that Ampligen(R)  enhances the
effectiveness  of different drug  combinations on avian  influenza,  preliminary
testing in the laboratory is not necessarily predictive of successful results in
clinical testing or human treatment.

      Ampligen(R) is undergoing  pre-clinical  testing for possible treatment of
avian flu.  Although  preliminary in vitro testing  indicates  that  Ampligen(R)
enhances  the  effectiveness  of  different  drug  combinations  on  avian  flu,
preliminary  testing  in  the  laboratory  is  not  necessarily   predictive  of
successful  results in clinical testing or human treatment.  No assurance can be
given  that  similar  results  will  be  observed  in  clinical  trials.  Use of
Ampligen(R)  in the treatment of avian flu requires prior  regulatory  approval.
Only the FDA can  determine  whether a drug is safe,  effective or promising for
treating  a  specific  application.  As  discussed  in the  prior  risk  factor,
obtaining regulatory approvals is a rigorous and lengthy process.

      In addition, Ampligen(R) is being tested on one strain of avian flu. There
are a number of strains and strains  mutate.  No  assurance  can be given that a
Ampligen(R) will be effective on any strains that might infect humans.

We may  continue to incur  substantial  losses and our future  profitability  is
uncertain.

      We began operations in 1966 and last reported net profit from 1985 through
1987. Since 1987, we have incurred  substantial  operating losses, as we pursued
our clinical trial effort and expanded our efforts in Europe. As of December 31,
2005 our accumulated  deficit was  approximately  $149,677,000.  We have not yet
generated  significant  revenues from our products and may incur substantial and
increased  losses in the  future.  We cannot  assure  that we will ever  achieve
significant  revenues from product sales or become profitable.  We require,  and
will continue to require, the commitment of substantial resources to develop our
products.  We  cannot  assure  that  our  product  development  efforts  will be
successfully completed or that required regulatory approvals will be obtained or
that  any  products  will  be  manufactured  and  marketed  successfully,  or be
profitable.


                                       26
<PAGE>

We may require additional financing which may not be available.

      The development of our products will require the commitment of substantial
resources to conduct the time-consuming research,  preclinical development,  and
clinical trials that are necessary to bring  pharmaceutical  products to market.
As of December  31,  2005,  we had  approximately  $16,204,000  in cash and cash
equivalents and short-term investments. These funds should be sufficient to meet
our operating  cash  requirements,  including  debt service,  for the near term.
However, we may need to raise additional funds through additional equity or debt
financing  or from other  sources in order to complete  the  necessary  clinical
trials and the regulatory  approval processes  including the  commercializing of
Ampligen(R)  products.  There can be no assurances  that we will raise  adequate
funds  which may have a material  adverse  effect on our  ability to develop our
products. Also, we have the ability to curtail discretionary spending, including
some research and development activities, if required to conserve cash.

      Under the common stock  purchase  agreement  signed with Fusion Capital on
July 8, 2005,  we only have the right to receive  $40,000 per trading day unless
our stock price equals or exceeds  $2.00,  in which case the daily amount may be
increased  under certain  conditions as the price of our common stock  increases
(For a more  detailed  description  of the  terms  of  this  agreement,  see the
agreement  filed as an exhibit to our Current  Report on Form 8-K filed with the
SEC on July 11, 2005). Fusion Capital does not have the right nor the obligation
to purchase  any shares of our common  stock on any trading days that the market
price of our common  stock is less than  $1.00.  Since we  initially  registered
10,000,000  shares  purchasable by Fusion  Capital  pursuant to the common stock
purchase agreement, the selling price of our common stock to Fusion Capital will
have to average at least $2.00 per share for us to receive the maximum  proceeds
of $20.0 million without  registering  additional  shares of common stock. As of
March 24,  2006,  we need an  average  selling  price of $0.99 per share for the
remainder of the agreement to realize the  $20,000,000 in proceeds.  The closing
price of our stock was $3.78 on March 24, 2006. Subject to approval by our board
of  directors,  we have the right,  but not the  obligation,  to issue more than
10,000,000  shares to Fusion  Capital.  In the event we elect to issue more than
10,000,000 shares, we will be required to file a new registration  statement and
have it declared  effective by the  Securities and Exchange  Commission.  In the
event that we decide to issue more than  10,113,278  (19.99% of our  outstanding
shares  of  common  stock as of the date of our  agreement),  we would  first be
required  to seek  stockholder  approval in order to be in  compliance  with the
American Stock Exchange Market rules.  As of March 24, 2006,  Fusion Capital has
purchased  8,211,508  shares  amounting to  $18,230,011  in our receipt of gross
proceeds.

      The extent to which we rely on Fusion  Capital as a source of funding will
depend on a number of factors  including,  the  prevailing  market  price of our
common stock and the extent to which we are able to secure working  capital from
other  sources.  Specifically,  Fusion  Capital shall not have the right nor the
obligation  to purchase  any shares of our common stock on any trading days that
the market price of our common stock is less than $1.00. If obtaining sufficient
financing  from  Fusion  Capital  were to  prove  unavailable  or  prohibitively
dilutive  and if we are  unable to  commercialize  and sell  Ampligen(R)  and/or
increase sales of Alferon N Injection(R) or our other products,  we will need to
secure another source of funding in order to satisfy our working  capital needs.
Even if we are able to access the full  $20.0  million  under the  common  stock
purchase agreement with Fusion Capital,  we may still need additional capital to
fully  implement  our  business,  operating and  development  plans.  Should the
financing  we require to sustain our working  capital  needs be  unavailable  or
prohibitively  expensive when we require it, the  consequences  would materially
adversely  affect our  business,  operating  results,  financial  condition  and
prospects.

                                       27
<PAGE>

We may not be  profitable  unless we can  protect  our  patents  and/or  receive
approval for additional pending patents.

      We need to preserve and acquire  enforceable  patents  covering the use of
Ampligen(R) for a particular disease in order to obtain exclusive rights for the
commercial  sale of  Ampligen(R)  for such  disease.  We obtained  all rights to
Alferon N Injection(R),  and we plan to preserve and acquire enforceable patents
covering its use for existing and potentially new diseases. Our success depends,
in large part, on our ability to preserve and obtain patent  protection  for our
products and to obtain and preserve our trade secrets and expertise.  Certain of
our know-how and technology is not patentable,  particularly  the procedures for
the  manufacture of our drug product which are carried out according to standard
operating procedure manuals. We have been issued certain patents including those
on the use of Ampligen(R)  and  Ampligen(R)  in  combination  with certain other
drugs for the  treatment of HIV. We also have been issued  patents on the use of
Ampligen(R) in combination with certain other drugs for the treatment of chronic
Hepatitis  B virus,  chronic  Hepatitis  C virus,  and a  patent  which  affords
protection on the use of Ampligen(R) in patients with Chronic Fatigue  Syndrome.
We have not yet been  issued any  patents  in the  United  States for the use of
Ampligen(R) as a sole treatment for any of the cancers,  which we have sought to
target.  With regard to Alferon N  Injection(R),  we have  acquired from ISI its
patents  for natural  alpha  interferon  produced  from human  peripheral  blood
leukocytes and its  production  process.  We cannot assure that our  competitors
will not seek and  obtain  patents  regarding  the use of  similar  products  in
combination with various other agents,  for a particular target indication prior
to our doing such.  If we cannot  protect our  patents  covering  the use of our
products for a particular  disease,  or obtain additional patents, we may not be
able to successfully market our products.

The  patent  position  of  biotechnology  and  pharmaceutical  firms  is  highly
uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions.

      To date,  no  consistent  policy  has  emerged  regarding  the  breadth of
protection afforded by pharmaceutical and biotechnology patents. There can be no
assurance  that new patent  applications  relating to our products or technology
will result in patents being issued or that, if issued, such patents will afford
meaningful  protection  against  competitors  with  similar  technology.  It  is
generally  anticipated that there may be significant  litigation in the industry
regarding patent and intellectual property rights. Such litigation could require
substantial  resources  from  us and we may not  have  the  financial  resources
necessary to enforce the patent  rights that we hold.  No assurance  can be made
that our patents will provide  competitive  advantages  for our products or will
not be successfully  challenged by  competitors.  No assurance can be given that
patents do not exist or could not be filed which would have a materially adverse
effect on our ability to develop or market our products or to obtain or maintain
any competitive  position that we may achieve with respect to our products.  Our
patents also may not prevent others from developing  competitive  products using
related technology.


                                       28
<PAGE>

There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain  necessary  licenses if
we cannot enforce  patent rights we may hold. In addition,  the failure of third
parties from whom we currently license certain  proprietary  information or from
whom we may be  required to obtain such  licenses in the future,  to  adequately
enforce their rights to such proprietary information, could adversely affect the
value of such licenses to us.

      If we  cannot  enforce  the  patent  rights  we  currently  hold we may be
required to obtain  licenses from others to develop,  manufacture  or market our
products.  There can be no  assurance  that we would be able to obtain  any such
licenses on  commercially  reasonable  terms,  if at all. We  currently  license
certain proprietary  information from third parties, some of which may have been
developed  with  government  grants  under  circumstances  where the  government
maintained certain rights with respect to the proprietary information developed.
No assurances can be given that such third parties will  adequately  enforce any
rights they may have or that the rights, if any, retained by the government will
not adversely affect the value of our license.

There is no guarantee  that our trade  secrets will not be disclosed or known by
our competitors.

      To protect our rights,  we require  certain  employees and  consultants to
enter into  confidentiality  agreements  with us. There can be no assurance that
these  agreements  will  not be  breached,  that  we  would  have  adequate  and
enforceable  remedies for any breach, or that any trade secrets of ours will not
otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors.

If our distributors do not market our products successfully, we may not generate
significant revenues or become profitable.

      We have limited  marketing and sales  capability.  We are  dependent  upon
existing and, possibly future, marketing agreements and third party distribution
agreements for our products in order to generate significant revenues and become
profitable.  As a result,  any revenues  received by us will be dependent on the
efforts of third  parties,  and there is no assurance that these efforts will be
successful.  Our  agreement  with Accredo  offers the  potential to provide some
marketing and  distribution  capacity in the United States while agreements with
Biovail  Corporation  and  Laboratorios  Del Dr. Esteve S.A. may provide a sales
force in Canada,  Spain and Portugal.  We also had an agreement  with  Bioclones
(Proprietary),  Ltd  ("Bioclones")  that covered South America,  Africa,  United
Kingdom,  Australia and New Zealand. However, we deem this marketing arrangement
with  Bioclones  void  due  to  the  numerous  and  long  standing  failures  of
performance by Bioclones.  In addition, in December 2004, we initiated a lawsuit
in Federal  Court  identifying  a  conspiratorial  group  seeking  to  illegally
manipulate  our stock for  purposes  of bringing  about the hostile  takeover of
Hemispherx. This conspiratorial group includes Bioclones.

      We cannot assure that our domestic or foreign  marketing  partners will be
able  to  successfully  distribute  our  products,  or  that  we will be able to
establish  future  marketing  or third party  distribution  agreements  on terms
acceptable to us, or that the cost of establishing  these  arrangements will not
exceed any product  revenues.  The failure to continue these  arrangements or to
achieve other such  arrangements on  satisfactory  terms could have a materially
adverse effect on us.


                                       29
<PAGE>

There are no long-term  agreements with suppliers of required  materials.  If we
are unable to obtain the  required  raw  materials,  we may be required to scale
back  our  operations  or  stop  manufacturing  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  and/or
Ampligen(R).

      A number of essential  materials  are used in the  production of Alferon N
Injection(R),  including  human  white  blood  cells.  We do not have  long-term
agreements for the supply of any of such materials. There can be no assurance we
can enter into  long-term  supply  agreements  covering  essential  materials on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

      There are a limited number of manufacturers in the United States available
to provide the polymers for use in manufacturing Ampligen(R).  At present, we do
not have any  agreements  with  third  parties  for the  supply  of any of these
polymers. We are establishing relevant  manufacturing  operations within our New
Brunswick,  New Jersey  facility for the production of Ampligen(R) raw materials
in order to  obtain  polymers  on a more  consistent  manufacturing  basis.  The
establishment  of an Ampligen(R)  raw materials  production  line within our own
facilities,   while  having  obvious   advantages  with  respect  to  regulatory
compliance  (other parts of the of our 43,000 sq. ft.  wholly owned FDA approved
facility  are  already  in  compliance   for  the   manufacture   of  Alferon  N
Injection(R)),  may  delay  certain  steps  in  the  commercialization  process,
specifically a targeted NDA filing.

      If we are unable to obtain or manufacture  the required raw materials,  we
may be required to scale back our  operations or stop  manufacturing.  The costs
and  availability  of  products  and  materials  we need for the  production  of
Ampligen(R)  and the commercial  production of Alferon N Injection(R)  and other
products which we may commercially produce are subject to fluctuation  depending
on a variety  of factors  beyond our  control,  including  competitive  factors,
changes in technology,  and FDA and other governmental regulations and there can
be no assurance  that we will be able to obtain such  products and  materials on
terms acceptable to us or at all.

There is no assurance that  successful  manufacture of a drug on a limited scale
basis  for  investigational  use  will  lead  to  a  successful   transition  to
commercial, large-scale production.

      Small changes in methods of manufacturing,  including commercial scale-up,
may affect the chemical structure of Ampligen(R) and other RNA drugs, as well as
their safety and efficacy,  and can,  among other  things,  require new clinical
studies and affect orphan drug status, particularly,  market exclusivity rights,
if any,  under the Orphan Drug Act. The  transition  from limited  production of
pre-clinical  and clinical  research  quantities  to  production  of  commercial
quantities  of our  products  will involve  distinct  management  and  technical
challenges and will require  additional  management and technical  personnel and
capital to the extent such manufacturing is not handled by third parties.  There
can be no assurance that our manufacturing  will be successful or that any given
product  will  be  determined  to  be  safe  and  effective,  capable  of  being
manufactured economically in commercial quantities or successfully marketed.


                                       30
<PAGE>

We have limited manufacturing experience and capacity.

      Ampligen(R)  has been only produced in limited  quantities  for use in our
clinical  trials  and we are  dependent  upon  third  party  suppliers  for  key
components of our products and for substantially all of the production  process.
The failure to continue these arrangements or to achieve other such arrangements
on  satisfactory  terms could have a material  adverse affect on us. Also, to be
successful,  our products  must be  manufactured  in  commercial  quantities  in
compliance with regulatory  requirements and at acceptable  costs. To the extent
we are  involved  in the  production  process,  our current  facilities  are not
adequate  for  the   production  of  our  proposed   products  for   large-scale
commercialization,  and we currently do not have  adequate  personnel to conduct
commercial-scale  manufacturing.  We intend to utilize third-party facilities if
and when the need  arises  or, if we are  unable  to do so, to build or  acquire
commercial-scale   manufacturing   facilities.  We  will  need  to  comply  with
regulatory  requirements  for  such  facilities,  including  those  of  the  FDA
pertaining to current Good Manufacturing  Practices ("cGMP") regulations.  There
can be no assurance  that such  facilities  can be used,  built,  or acquired on
commercially  acceptable  terms,  or that such  facilities,  if used,  built, or
acquired, will be adequate for our long-term needs.

      In connection with settling various manufacturing  infractions  previously
noted by the FDA,  Schering-Plough  ("Schering") entered into a "Consent Decree"
with the FDA  whereby,  among other  things,  it agreed to  discontinue  various
contract (third party) manufacturing  activities at various facilities including
its San Juan, Puerto Rico, plant.  Ampligen(R) (which was not involved in any of
the  cited  infractions)  was  produced  at this  Puerto  Rico  plant  from year
2000-2004.  Operating under  instructions from the Consent Decree,  Schering has
advised  us that it would no longer  manufacture  Ampligen(R)  in this  facility
beyond 2004 and would  assist us in an orderly  transfer of said  activities  to
other non Schering facilities.

      On December 9, 2005, we executed a Supply  Agreement with  Hollister-Stier
Laboratories LLC of Spokane,  Washington  ("Hollister-Stier"),  for the contract
manufacturing of Ampligen(R) for a five year term.  Pursuant to the agreement we
will supply the key raw materials and Hollister-Stier  will formulate and bottle
the  Ampligen(R).   We  paid  a  $100,000  deposit  in  order  to  initiate  the
manufacturing  project and expensed  this payment as a research and  development
cost. The achievement of the initial objectives  described in the agreement,  in
combination  with our polymer  production  facility  under  construction  in New
Brunswick,   N.J.,  may  enable  us  to   manufacture   the  raw  materials  for
approximately   10,000   doses  of   Ampligen(R)   per  week.   We   executed  a
confidentiality  agreement  with  Hollister-Stier;  therefore,  we commenced the
transfer  of  our  manufacturing   technology  to  Hollister-Stier.   Currently,
Hollister-Stier  has completed two pilot  manufacturing  runs of Ampligen(R) for
stability testing.

      We have  identified  two other  capable cGMP  facilities in the US for the
manufacture of Ampligen(R) and obtained  proposals from both. If either of these
two  facilities  are  acceptable,  we would be able to maintain a minimum of two
independent  production  sites for the production of Ampligen(R).  We are in the
process of reviewing these other proposals.

      The purified drug  concentrate  utilized in the  formulation  of Alferon N
Injection(R)  is  manufactured  in our New  Brunswick,  New Jersey  facility and
Alferon N  Injection(R)  was  formulated  and packaged at a production  facility
formerly  owned and operated by Abbott  Laboratories  located in Kansas.  Abbott
Laboratories has sold the facility to Hospira.  Hospira completed the production
of 12,000 vials in November  2005.  Hospira ceased the labeling and packaging of
Alferon N  Injection(R)  as they are  seeking  larger  production  runs for cost
efficiency  purposes.  We have identified two  manufacturers  to replace Hospira
and, on February 8, 2006, we executed a Manufacturing  and Safety Agreement with
Hyaluron, Inc. ("Hyaluron") of Burlington,  Massachusetts,  for the formulation,
packaging and labeling of Alferon N Injection(R).  Pursuant to the Agreement, we
will supply raw  materials  in  sufficient  quantity  and provide any  pertinent
information to the project.


                                       31
<PAGE>

We may not be profitable unless we can produce  Ampligen(R) or other products in
commercial quantities at costs acceptable to us.

      We  have  never  produced  Ampligen(R)  or any  other  products  in  large
commercial  quantities.  We must  manufacture  our products in  compliance  with
regulatory  requirements in large commercial  quantities and at acceptable costs
in order for us to be profitable. We intend to utilize third-party manufacturers
and/or  facilities if and when the need arises or, if we are unable to do so, to
build  or  acquire  commercial-scale  manufacturing  facilities.  If  we  cannot
manufacture  commercial  quantities  of  Ampligen(R)  or enter into third  party
agreements for its manufacture at costs acceptable to us, our operations will be
significantly  affected.  Also, each production lot of Alferon N Injection(R) is
subject to FDA review and approval prior to releasing the lots to be sold.  This
review and approval process could take considerable  time, which would delay our
having product in inventory to sell.

Rapid technological change may render our products obsolete or non-competitive.

      The pharmaceutical  and biotechnology  industries are subject to rapid and
substantial technological change.  Technological competition from pharmaceutical
and  biotechnology  companies,  universities,  governmental  entities and others
diversifying  into the field is intense  and is expected  to  increase.  Most of
these entities have significantly greater research and development  capabilities
than us, as well as substantial  marketing,  financial and managerial resources,
and represent  significant  competition  for us. There can be no assurance  that
developments by others will not render our products or technologies  obsolete or
noncompetitive  or  that  we will  be  able  to  keep  pace  with  technological
developments.

Our products may be subject to substantial competition.

      Ampligen(R).  Competitors may be developing  technologies  that are, or in
the future may be, the basis for competitive  products.  Some of these potential
products  may have an  entirely  different  approach  or means of  accomplishing
similar  therapeutic  effects to products being developed by us. These competing
products may be more  effective and less costly than our products.  In addition,
conventional drug therapy,  surgery and other more familiar treatments may offer
competition  to  our  products.   Furthermore,  many  of  our  competitors  have
significantly  greater  experience  than us in  pre-clinical  testing  and human
clinical trials of  pharmaceutical  products and in obtaining FDA, HPB and other
regulatory  approvals of products.  Accordingly,  our competitors may succeed in
obtaining FDA, HPB or other regulatory  product  approvals more rapidly than us.
There are no drugs approved for commercial  sale with respect to treating ME/CFS
in the United States. The dominant  competitors with drugs to treat HIV diseases
include  Gilead  Pharmaceutical,   Pfizer,  Bristol-Myers,  Abbott  Labs,  Glaxo
SmithKline,  Merck and  Schering-Plough  Corp.  These potential  competitors are
among the largest  pharmaceutical  companies in the world, are well known to the
public and the  medical  community,  and have  substantially  greater  financial
resources,  product  development,  and manufacturing and marketing  capabilities
than we  have.  Although  we  believe  our  principal  advantage  is the  unique
mechanism of action of Ampligen(R)  on the immune system,  we cannot assure that
we will be able to compete.


                                       32
<PAGE>

      ALFERON N Injection(R).  Many potential  competitors are among the largest
pharmaceutical  companies  in the  world,  are well  known to the public and the
medical community,  and have substantially greater financial resources,  product
development,  and manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have. Alferon
N Injection(R)  currently competes with Schering's injectable  recombinant alpha
interferon  product  (INTRON(R)  A) for  the  treatment  of  genital  warts.  3M
Pharmaceuticals  also  received FDA approval for its  immune-response  modifier,
Aldara(R),  a  self-administered  topical  cream,  for the treatment of external
genital and perianal warts.  Alferon N Injection(R) also competes with surgical,
chemical,  and other  methods of treating  genital  warts.  We cannot assess the
impact products  developed by our  competitors,  or advances in other methods of
the treatment of genital warts, will have on the commercial viability of Alferon
N  Injection(R).  If and when we  obtain  additional  approvals  of uses of this
product, we expect to compete primarily on the basis of product performance. Our
potential  competitors have developed or may develop products (containing either
alpha or beta  interferon or other  therapeutic  compounds)  or other  treatment
modalities for those uses. In the United States, three recombinant forms of beta
interferon have been approved for the treatment of relapsing-remitting  multiple
sclerosis.  There can be no assurance that, if we are able to obtain  regulatory
approval of Alferon N Injection(R) for the treatment of new indications, we will
be able to achieve any significant  penetration into those markets. In addition,
because  certain  competitive  products  are not  dependent on a source of human
blood cells, such products may be able to be produced in greater volume and at a
lower cost than Alferon N Injection(R).  Currently, our wholesale price on a per
unit  basis of Alferon N  Injection(R)  is higher  than that of the  competitive
recombinant alpha and beta interferon products.

      General.  Other companies may succeed in developing  products earlier than
we do,  obtaining  approvals for such products from the FDA more rapidly than we
do, or developing  products that are more  effective  than those we may develop.
While we will  attempt  to expand  our  technological  capabilities  in order to
remain  competitive,  there can be no assurance that research and development by
others or other  medical  advances  will not render our  technology  or products
obsolete or  non-competitive  or result in treatments  or cures  superior to any
therapy we develop.

Possible  side effects  from the use of  Ampligen(R)  or Alferon N  Injection(R)
could adversely affect potential revenues and physician/patient acceptability of
our product.

      Ampligen(R). We believe that Ampligen(R) has been generally well tolerated
with a low  incidence  of clinical  toxicity,  particularly  given the  severely
debilitating  or life  threatening  diseases  that  have  been  treated.  A mild
flushing  reaction has been observed in approximately 15% of patients treated in
our various studies. This reaction is occasionally  accompanied by a rapid heart
beat,  a tightness  of the chest,  urticaria  (swelling  of the skin),  anxiety,
shortness of breath,  subjective  reports of "feeling hot," sweating and nausea.
The reaction is usually infusion-rate related and can generally be controlled by
slowing the infusion rate. Other adverse side effects include liver enzyme level
elevations,  diarrhea, itching, asthma, low blood pressure,  photophobia,  rash,
transient  visual  disturbances,  slow or  irregular  heart rate,  decreases  in
platelets and white blood cell counts, anemia, dizziness,  confusion,  elevation
of kidney function tests,  occasional  temporary hair loss and various  flu-like
symptoms,  including  fever,  chills,  fatigue,  muscular  aches,  joint  pains,
headaches,  nausea and vomiting.  These flu-like side effects  typically subside
within  several  months.  One or more of the potential  side effects might deter
usage of  Ampligen(R)  in  certain  clinical  situations  and  therefore,  could
adversely affect potential revenues and  physician/patient  acceptability of our
product.


                                       33
<PAGE>

      Alferon  N  Injection(R).  At  present,  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  is only
approved for the  intralesional  (within the lesion)  treatment of refractory or
recurring external genital warts in adults. In clinical trials conducted for the
treatment  of  genital  warts  with  Alferon N  Injection(R),  patients  did not
experience  serious  side  effects;  however,  there  can be no  assurance  that
unexpected or unacceptable side effects will not be found in the future for this
use or other  potential uses of Alferon N  Injection(R)  which could threaten or
limit such product's usefulness.

We may be subject  to  product  liability  claims  from the use of  Ampligen(R),
Alferon N Injection(R),  or other of our products which could negatively  affect
our future operations.

      We face an inherent  business risk of exposure to product liability claims
in the event that the use of  Ampligen(R)  or other of our  products  results in
adverse  effects.  This  liability  might  result from  claims made  directly by
patients,  hospitals, clinics or other consumers, or by pharmaceutical companies
or others  manufacturing these products on our behalf. Our future operations may
be negatively  affected from the litigation costs,  settlement expenses and lost
product  sales  inherent to these  claims.  While we will continue to attempt to
take appropriate  precautions,  we cannot assure that we will avoid  significant
product  liability  exposure.  Although we currently  maintain product liability
insurance  coverage,  there can be no assurance that this insurance will provide
adequate  coverage  against  Ampligen(R)  and/or Alferon N Injection(R)  product
liability  claims. A successful  product liability claim against us in excess of
Ampligen(R)'s  $1,000,000 in insurance coverage;  $3,000,000 in aggregate, or in
excess of Alferon N Injection(R)'s $5,000,000 in insurance coverage;  $5,000,000
in aggregate; or for which coverage is not provided could have a negative effect
on our business and financial condition.


The loss of Dr. William A. Carter's services could hurt our chances for success.

      Our success is dependent on the continued efforts of Dr. William A. Carter
because of his  position as a pioneer in the field of nucleic  acid  drugs,  his
being  the  co-inventor  of  Ampligen(R),  and  his  knowledge  of  our  overall
activities,  including  patents and clinical  trials.  The loss of Dr.  Carter's
services could have a material  adverse effect on our operations and chances for
success.  We have secured key man life  insurance in the amount of $2,000,000 on
the life of Dr. Carter and we have an employment agreement with Dr. Carter that,
as amended,  runs until December 31, 2010. However,  Dr. Carter has the right to
terminate his employment  upon not less than 30 days prior written  notice.  The
loss of Dr.  Carter or other  personnel,  or the  failure to recruit  additional
personnel  as needed could have a  materially  adverse  effect on our ability to
achieve our objectives.

Uncertainty of health care reimbursement for our products.

      Our ability to  successfully  commercialize  our products will depend,  in
part,  on the extent to which  reimbursement  for the cost of such  products and
related  treatment  will be  available  from  government  health  administration
authorities,   private  health  coverage   insurers  and  other   organizations.
Significant  uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved
health care products,  and from time to time legislation is proposed,  which, if
adopted,   could  further   restrict  the  prices   charged  by  and/or  amounts
reimbursable to  manufacturers  of  pharmaceutical  products.  We cannot predict
what,  if any,  legislation  will  ultimately  be  adopted or the impact of such
legislation  on us.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  third  party  insurance
companies will allow us to charge and receive  payments for products  sufficient
to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development.


                                       34
<PAGE>

There are  risks of  liabilities  associated  with  handling  and  disposing  of
hazardous materials.

      Our  business   involves  the  controlled  use  of  hazardous   materials,
carcinogenic  chemicals,  flammable solvents and various radioactive  compounds.
Although we believe that our safety  procedures  for  handling and  disposing of
such materials comply in all material respects with the standards  prescribed by
applicable  regulations,  the risk of  accidental  contamination  or injury from
these  materials  cannot  be  completely  eliminated.  In the  event  of such an
accident or the failure to comply with applicable regulations,  we could be held
liable for any damages that result, and any such liability could be significant.
We do not maintain insurance coverage against such liabilities.

Risks Associated With an Investment in Our Common Stock

We reported material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
that, if not remedied, could adversely affect our internal controls.

In connection with the review of our internal  control over financial  reporting
as of December  31,  2005,  it was  determined  that the  accounting  principles
applied to certain  features of our  convertible  debentures,  the  valuation of
debenture  related  and other  common  stock  warrants  dating back to 2003 were
inaccurately reflected in our interim financial statements through 2003 and 2005
and our annual  financial  statements  for the years ended December 31, 2003 and
2004. Our processes and procedures  related to the  preparation and audit of the
quarterly and annual  financial  statements were not adequate to ensure that the
financials  were  prepared in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles.  While the  result of  applying  the  proper  accounting  principles
decreased  our net loss per share by only  $0.02  and $0.01 for the years  ended
December  31, 2003 and 2004,  respectively  we consider  our  accounting  review
process to be a material  weakness that resulted in a material  misstatement  to
our consolidated financial statements.


We have taken and plan to take, during 2006, additional steps to remediate these
internal control  weaknesses.  In March 2006, we increased the time allocated by
our financial  consultants  with regards to remediate these  disclosed  internal
control weaknesses and spend additional time monitoring our internal controls on
an ongoing basis.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the measures we have taken and
any future measures to remediate the internal control  weaknesses  reported that
we may  take,  we may not be able to  effectively  maintain  effective  internal
control  over  financial  reporting  in  the  future.  In  addition,  additional
deficiencies  in our internal  controls  may be  discovered  in the future.  Any
failure to remediate  the  reported  material  weakness or to  implement  new or
improved controls, or difficulties  encountered in their  implementation,  could
harm our operating results,  cause us to fail to meet our reporting  obligations
or  result in  material  misstatements  in our  financial  statements.  Any such
failure also could affect the ability of our  management  to certify in our 2006
Form 10-K and 10-Q that our internal  controls are effective when it provides an
assessment of our internal  control over financial  reporting,  and could affect
the results of our  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm's  related
attestation  report regarding our  management's  assessment.  Inferior  internal
controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information,  which  could have a negative  effect on the  trading  price of our
securities.


                                       35
<PAGE>

The market price of our stock may be adversely affected by market volatility.

      The  market  price  of our  common  stock  has been  and is  likely  to be
volatile. In addition to general economic,  political and market conditions, the
price and trading volume of our stock could fluctuate widely in response to many
factors, including:

      o     announcements  of  the  results  of  clinical  trials  by us or  our
            competitors;

      o     adverse reactions to products;

      o     governmental approvals, delays in expected governmental approvals or
            withdrawals  of  any  prior  governmental  approvals  or  public  or
            regulatory agency concerns  regarding the safety or effectiveness of
            our products;

      o     changes in U.S. or foreign  regulatory  policy  during the period of
            product development;

      o     developments in patent or other  proprietary  rights,  including any
            third party challenges of our intellectual property rights;

      o     announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors;

      o     announcements  of  new  products  or  new  contracts  by us  or  our
            competitors;

      o     actual or anticipated variations in our operating results due to the
            level of development expenses and other factors;

      o     changes in financial  estimates by  securities  analysts and whether
            our earnings meet or exceed the estimates;

      o     conditions and trends in the  pharmaceutical  and other  industries;
            new accounting standards; and

      o     the  occurrence  of  any of  the  risks  described  in  these  "Risk
            Factors."

      Our common stock is listed for quotation on the American  Stock  Exchange.
For the 12-month  period ended  December 31, 2005, the price of our common stock
has  ranged  from  $1.25 to $3.70 per  share.  We expect the price of our common
stock to remain  volatile.  The average daily trading volume of our common stock
varies  significantly.  Our relatively low average volume and low average number
of transactions per day may affect the ability of our stockholders to sell their
shares in the public  market at  prevailing  prices and a more active market may
never develop.

      In the past,  following  periods of  volatility in the market price of the
securities of companies in our industry,  securities class action litigation has
often been instituted  against companies in our industry.  If we face securities
litigation in the future, even if without merit or unsuccessful, it would result
in  substantial  costs and a diversion of management  attention  and  resources,
which would negatively impact our business.


                                       36
<PAGE>

Our stock price may be adversely  affected if a significant amount of shares are
sold in the public market.

      As of March 24, 2006,  approximately  899,772  shares of our common stock,
constituted  "restricted securities" as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities
Act of 1933. Also, we have registered  22,331,890  shares issuable (i) to Fusion
Capital  pursuant to the common stock purchase  agreement  with Fusion  Capital;
(ii) upon conversion of approximately  135% of Debentures that we issued in 2003
and 2004;  (iii) as payment of 135% of the  interest  on all of the  Debentures;
(iv) upon exercise of 135% of certain Warrants; and (v) upon exercise of certain
other warrants. Registration of the shares permits the sale of the shares in the
open market or in privately negotiated  transactions without compliance with the
requirements  of Rule 144. To the extent the  exercise  price of the warrants is
less than the market price of the common stock,  the holders of the warrants are
likely to exercise  them and sell the  underlying  shares of common stock and to
the extent that the conversion  price and exercise price of these securities are
adjusted  pursuant  to  anti-dilution   protection,   the  securities  could  be
exercisable  or  convertible  for even more shares of common stock.  We also may
issue  shares  to be used to meet our  capital  requirements  or use  shares  to
compensate  employees,  consultants and/or directors.  We are unable to estimate
the amount,  timing or nature of future sales of outstanding common stock. Sales
of substantial  amounts of our common stock in the public market could cause the
market  price for our common stock to  decrease.  Furthermore,  a decline in the
price of our common  stock  would  likely  impede our  ability to raise  capital
through  the  issuance  of  additional  shares of common  stock or other  equity
securities.

The sale of our common stock to Fusion  Capital may cause  dilution and the sale
of the  shares of common  stock  acquired  by Fusion  Capital  and other  shares
registered for selling stockholders could cause the price of our common stock to
decline.

      The sale by Fusion  Capital and other selling  stockholders  of our common
stock will  increase  the number of our  publicly  traded  shares,  which  could
depress the market price of our common  stock.  Moreover,  the mere  prospect of
resales by Fusion  Capital  and other  selling  stockholders  could  depress the
market  price for our common  stock.  The  issuance of shares to Fusion  Capital
under the common stock purchase  agreement  dated July 8, 2005,  will dilute the
equity interest of existing stockholders and could have an adverse effect on the
market price of our common stock.

      The  purchase  price for the  common  stock to be sold to  Fusion  Capital
pursuant to the common stock  purchase  agreement  will  fluctuate  based on the
price of our  common  stock.  All  shares  sold to  Fusion  Capital  are  freely
tradable.  Fusion  Capital  may sell  none,  some or all of the shares of common
stock purchased from us at any time. We expect that the shares will be sold over
a period of in excess of 25 months  from August 3, 2005.  Depending  upon market
liquidity at the time,  a sale of shares  under this  offering at any given time
could cause the  trading  price of our common  stock to  decline.  The sale of a
substantial  number of shares of our common stock to Fusion Capital  pursuant to
the  purchase  agreement,  or  anticipation  of such  sales,  could make it more
difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related  securities in the future at a
time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales.

Provisions of our  Certificate of  Incorporation  and Delaware law could defer a
change of our management which could discourage or delay offers to acquire us.

      Provisions of our Certificate of  Incorporation  and Delaware law may make
it more difficult for someone to acquire  control of us or for our  stockholders
to remove existing management,  and might discourage a third party from offering
to acquire us, even if a change in control or in management  would be beneficial
to our stockholders.  For example, our Certificate of Incorporation allows us to
issue  shares of  preferred  stock  without  any vote or  further  action by our
stockholders.  Our Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the
relative rights and preferences of preferred  stock. Our Board of Directors also
has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval.
As a result,  our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of a series of
preferred  stock that would grant to holders the  preferred  right to our assets
upon  liquidation,  the right to receive dividend  payments before dividends are
distributed  to the holders of common stock and the right to the  redemption  of
the  shares,  together  with a premium,  prior to the  redemption  of our common
stock.  In this regard,  in November 2002, we adopted a stockholder  rights plan
and, under the Plan, our Board of Directors declared a dividend  distribution of
one Right for each  outstanding  share of Common Stock to stockholders of record
at the close of business on November 29,  2002.  Each Right  initially  entitles
holders to buy one unit of preferred stock for $30.00.  The Rights generally are
not transferable  apart from the common stock and will not be exercisable unless
and until a person or group  acquires or commences a tender or exchange offer to
acquire,  beneficial ownership of 15% or more of our common stock.  However, for
Dr. Carter, our chief executive officer,  who already  beneficially owns 9.4% of
our common stock,  the Plan's  threshold will be 20%, instead of 15%. The Rights
will expire on November 19, 2012,  and may be redeemed prior thereto at $.01 per
Right under certain circumstances.


                                       37
<PAGE>

      Because the risk factors  referred to above could cause actual  results or
outcomes  to differ  materially  from  those  expressed  in any  forward-looking
statements  made  by us,  you  should  not  place  undue  reliance  on any  such
forward-looking  statements.  Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only
as of the date on which it is made and we undertake no  obligation to update any
forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the  date on  which  such  statement  is  made  or  reflect  the  occurrence  of
unanticipated  events.  New  factors  emerge  from  time to time,  and it is not
possible for us to predict which will arise.  In addition,  we cannot assess the
impact of each  factor on our  business  or the extent to which any  factor,  or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any  forward-looking  statements.  Our research in clinical efforts
may continue for the next several  years and we may continue to incur losses due
to clinical  costs incurred in the  development  of  Ampligen(R)  for commercial
application.  Possible  losses may fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result
of  differences in the timing of  significant  expenses  incurred and receipt of
licensing fees and/or cost recovery treatment revenues in Europe,  Canada and in
the United States.

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

ITEM 2. Properties.

      We currently lease our headquarters located in Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania
consisting  of a suite of offices of  approximately  15,000 square feet. We also
currently  own,  occupy and use our New  Brunswick,  New Jersey  laboratory  and
production  facility that we acquired from ISI. These facilities  consist of two
buildings located on 2.8 acres. One building is a two story facility  consisting
of a total of 31,300 square feet. This facility contains offices,  laboratories,
production  space and shipping and receiving  areas.  It is also contains  space
designated  for research  and  development,  our  pharmacy,  packaging,  quality
assurance and quality control laboratories.  Building Two has 11,670 square feet
consisting  of offices,  laboratories  and  warehouse  space.  The  property has
parking space for approximately 100 vehicles.


                                       38
<PAGE>

      In 2005, we initiated the transfer of Ampligen(R) raw materials production
to our own facilities has obvious  advantages with respect to overall control of
the manufacturing  procedure of Ampligen(R)'s raw materials,  keeping costs down
and controlling  regulatory  compliance issues (other parts of the of our 43,000
sq. ft. wholly owned FDA approved facility are already in compliance for Alferon
N Injection(R)  manufacture).  This will also allow us to obtain Ampligen(R) raw
materials on a more consistent  manufacturing basis. As of December 31, 2005, we
have   capitalized   approximately   $821,000   towards  the   construction  and
installation of this production line at our New Jersey facility. The anticipated
completion  date for the facility is May 2006 with the first lot of  Ampligen(R)
raw material  being  produced in the second  quarter 2006. We estimate the total
cost of  establishing  this  production  line to be some  $1,900,000,  including
modifications to our New Brunswick  facility.  This polymer production line will
have the capacity to produce up to four kilograms per week, or 100 kilograms per
year which should allow us to  manufacture  up to one-half  million 400 mg doses
per year.

      Our lease on the Rockville  facility expired in June 2005 and we completed
the  move  of our  laboratory  and  equipment  to our  New  Brunswick  facility.
Consolidation  of this laboratory with our existing  laboratory in New Brunswick
will provide  economical  benefit.  With the consolidation  complete,  it is our
belief that the  consolidated  facility will enable us to meet our  requirements
for planned clinical trials and treatment protocols for the foreseeable future.



ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings.

      On September 30, 1998, we filed a multi-count  complaint against Manuel P.
Asensio,  Asensio & Company,  Inc.  ("Asensio").  The action  included claims of
defamation,  disparagement,  tortuous interference with existing and prospective
business relations and conspiracy, arising out of Asensio's false and defamatory
statements. The complaint further alleged that Asensio defamed and disparaged us
in furtherance of a manipulative, deceptive and unlawful short-selling scheme in
August and September,  1998. In 1999,  Asensio filed an answer and  counterclaim
alleging  that in response to  Asensio's  strong sell  recommendation  and other
press  releases,  we made  defamatory  statements  about Asensio.  We denied the
material  allegations of the counterclaim.  In July 2000, following dismissal in
federal court for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, we transferred the action
to the Pennsylvania State Court. In March 2001, the defendants  responded to the
complaints as amended and a trial  commenced on January 30, 2002. A jury verdict
disallowed the claims  against the  defendants for defamation and  disparagement
and the court granted us a directed verdict on the counterclaim. On July 2, 2002
the  Court  entered  an  order  granting  us a new  trial  against  Asensio  for
defamation and disparagement. Thereafter, Asensio appealed the granting of a new
trial to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania.  The Superior Court of Pennsylvania
has  denied  Asensio's   appeal.   Asensio   petitioned  the  Supreme  Court  of
Pennsylvania for allowance of an appeal, which was denied. We now anticipate the
scheduling of a new trial against  Asensio for defamation and  disparagement  in
the Philadelphia Common Pleas Court.

      In June 2002, a former ME/CFS clinical trial patient and her husband filed
a claim in the Superior Court of New Jersey,  Middlesex County,  against us, one
of our clinical trial  investigators  and others alleging that she was harmed in
the ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach of warranties. On
June 25, 2004 all claims against us were dismissed  with  prejudice.  The former
ME/CFS clinical trial patient and her husband have now appealed the dismissal of
their claims to the New Jersey Superior  Court,  Apellate  Division,  upheld the
dismissal of all claims against us and the matter is now concluded.


                                       39
<PAGE>

      In June 2002, a former  ME/CFS  clinical  trial patient in Belgium filed a
claim in  Belgium,  against  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  NV/SA,  our Belgian
subsidiary,  and one of our clinical trial  investigators  alleging that she was
harmed in the Belgium ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach
of  warranties.  We believe the claim is without  merit and we are defending the
claim against us through our product liability insurance carrier.

      In  December  2004,  we filed a  multicount  complaint  in  federal  court
(Southern  District  of  Florida)  against a  conspiratorial  group  seeking  to
illegally manipulate our stock for purposes of bringing about a hostile takeover
of Hemispherx.  The lawsuit alleges that the conspiratorial group commenced with
a plan to seize  control  of our  cash  and  proprietary  assets  by an  illegal
campaign to drive down our stock price and  publish  disparaging  reports on our
management and current fiduciaries. The lawsuit seeks monetary damages from each
member of the  conspiratorial  group as well as injunctions  preventing  further
recurrences of their misconduct.  The conspiratorial group includes Bioclones, a
privately held South African  Biopharmaceutical  company that  collaborated with
us, and  Johannesburg  Consolidated  Investments,  a South African  corporation,
Cyril Donninger, R. B. Kebble, H. C. Buitendag,  Bart Goemaere, and John Doe(s).
Bioclones,  Johannesburg Consolidated Investments, Cyril Donninger, R. B. Kebble
and H.C. Buitendag filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted by
the court.  We are in the process of appealing this decision to the 11th federal
circuit court of appeals.

      On January  10,  2005,  we  initiated a  multicount  lawsuit in the United
States  District  Court  for  the  Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania   seeking
injunctive  relief and damages against a conspiratorial  group, many of whom are
foreign  nationals or companies  located outside the United States alleging that
the conspiratorial group has engaged in secret meetings,  market  manipulations,
fraudulent  misrepresentations,  utilization  of foreign  accounts  and  foreign
secrecy laws all in furtherance of an illegal scheme to take over Hemispherx and
enrich  themselves  at the  expense  of  Hemispherx's  public  shareholders.  On
February  18, 2005 we filed an amended  complaint  in the same  lawsuit  joining
Redlabs,   USA,  Inc.  as  a  defendant  with  the  existing  defendants  R.E.D.
Laboratories,  N.V./S.A.,  Bart Goemaere,  Jan Goemaere,  Dr. Kenny De Meirleir,
Kenneth Schepmans,  Johan Goossens,  Lieven Vansacker and John Does. Pursuant to
an agreement in which R.E.D.  Laboratories,  N.V./S.A.  and Dr. Kenny DeMeirleir
agreed not to  participate  in a hostile  takeover of Hemispherx for a period of
five years, R.E.D.  Laboratories,  N.V./S.A.  and Dr. Kenny DeMeirleir have been
dismissed as defendants in the litigation.  The litigation is proceeding against
the remaining defendants.

ITEM 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

      No matters were  submitted to a vote of the  security  holders  during the
last quarter of the year ended December 31, 2005.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's  Common Equity,  Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

      In 2005 we  issued  6,632,389  shares  of common  stock  consisting  of 1)
1,614,628  shares for debt  repayment,  debt  conversion  and interest  payments
related to the October 2003, January 2004 and July 2004 Convertible  Debentures;
2) 343,995 shares in payment of services rendered and 3) 4,673,766 shares issued
pursuant to the Fusion Capital Equity Funding Agreement.


                                       40
<PAGE>

      The foregoing issuances of securities were private transactions and exempt
from  registration  under section 4(2) of the Securities Act and/or regulation D
rule 506  promulgated  under the Securities  Act. These  securities have been or
will be registered with the SEC.

      Since  October  1997 our  common  stock has been  listed and traded on the
American Stock Exchange  ("AMEX") under the symbol HEB. The following table sets
forth the high and low list prices for our Common  Stock for the last two fiscal
years as reported by the AMEX. Such prices reflect inter-dealer prices,  without
retail markup, markdowns or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.


COMMON STOCK                                          High              Low
------------                                          ----              ---

Time Period:

January 1, 2004 through March 31, 2004                4.85             2.27

April 1, 2004 through June 30, 2004                   5.40             3.30

July 1, 2004 through September 30, 2004               3.54             2.10

October 1, 2004 through December 31, 2004             2.50             1.50

January 1, 2005 through March 31, 2005                2.24             1.25

April 1, 2005 through June 30, 2005                   1.96             1.30

July 1, 2005 through September 30, 2005               1.90             1.36

October 1, 2005 through December 31, 2005             3.70             1.70

      As of March 24, 2006,  there were  approximately  277 holders of record of
our Common  Stock.  This number was  determined  from records  maintained by our
transfer agent and does not include  beneficial  owners of our securities  whose
securities are held in the names of various dealers and/or clearing agencies.

      On March 24,  2006,  the last sale price for our common  stock on the AMEX
was $3.78 per share.

      We have not paid any dividends on our Common Stock in recent years.  It is
management's  intention not to declare or pay dividends on our Common Stock, but
to retain earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business.

      The following table gives  information  about our Common Stock that may be
issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all of our equity
compensation plans as of December 31, 2005.

                                       41
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Number of securities
                                                                    Weighted-average    Remaining available for
                                   Number of Securities to          Exercise price of   future issuance under
                                   be issued upon exercise          Outstanding         equity compensation
                                   of outstanding options,          options, warrants   plans(excluding securities
 Plan Category                     warrants and rights              and rights          reflected in column (a))
 -------------                    ------------------------         ------------------   --------------------------
                                            (a)                            (b)                    (c)

<S>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders:                           2,427,597                $         2.64                  6,033,201

Equity compensation plans not approved
by security holders:                                _                             _                          _
Total                                       2,427,597                $         2.64                  6,033,201
</TABLE>

ITEM 6. Selected  Financial  Data (in  thousands  except for share and per share
data).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year Ended
December 31                                 2001              2002           2003(2)           2004(4)          2005(4)
-----------                                 ----              ----           -------           -------          -------

Statement of Operations
Data:
<S>                                 <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Revenues and License fee Income     $        390      $        904      $        657      $      1,229      $      1,083

Total Costs and Expenses(1)                9,192             6,961             7,909            12,118            10,722

Interest Expense and Financing
Costs(3)                                      --                --             6,568            11,801             4,017

Net loss                                  (9,083)           (7,424)          (13,993)          (23,398)          (13,213)

Basic and diluted net loss per
share                                      (0.29)            (0.23)            (0.40)            (0.52)            (0.26)

Shares used in computing basic
and diluted net loss per share        31,433,208        32,085,776        35,234,526        45,177,862        51,475,192

Balance Sheet Data:

Working Capital                     $      7,534      $      2,925      $      7,000      $     15,745      $     16,665

Total Assets                              12,035             6,040            13,638            25,293            24,672

Long-Term Debt                                --                --             1,799             3,733             3,217


Stockholders Equity                       10,763             3,630             9,741            21,560            19,837

Other Cash Flow Data:

Cash used in operating
activities                          $     (7,281)     $     (6,409)     $     (7,022)     $     (7,240)     $     (7,236)

Capital expenditures                          --                --               (19)           (1,696)             (175)
</TABLE>

                                       42
<PAGE>

(1) General and  Administrative  expenses  include  stock  compensation  expense
totaling  $673,000,  $132,000,  $237,000,  $2,000,000 and $383,000 for the years
ended December 31, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2005, respectively.

(2) For  information  concerning  the  acquisition  of certain assets of ISI and
related financing see note 5 and note 6 to our consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2005 contained herein.

(3) In  accounting  for the March 12,  2003,  July 10,  2003,  October 29, 2003,
January 26, 2004 and July 13, 2004 issuances of 6% Senior Convertible Debentures
in the principal amounts of $5,426,000,  $5,426,000,  $4,142,356, $4,000,000 and
$2,000,000,  respectively,  and related embedded conversion features and warrant
issuances,  we recorded debt discounts  which,  in effect,  reduced the carrying
value  of  the  debt.  For  additional  information  refer  to  Note  8  to  our
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2005.

(4) Restated

ITEM 7. Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.

      The  following  discussion  and  analysis  is  related  to  our  financial
condition and results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2005.
This information should be read in conjunction with Item 6 - "Selected Financial
Data" and our  consolidated  financial  statements  and  related  notes  thereto
beginning on F-1 of this Form 10-K.

Statement of Forward-Looking Information

      Certain  statements in the section are  "forward-looking  statements." You
should read the  information  before  Item 1B above,  "Special  Note"  Regarding
Forward-Looking  Statements"  for more  information  about our  presentation  of
information.

Background

      We have  reported net income only from 1985 through  1987.  Since 1987, we
have incurred,  as expected,  substantial operating losses due to our conducting
clinical testing.

      In the  course of  almost  three  decades,  we have  established  a strong
foundation  of  laboratory,  pre-clinical  and clinical data with respect to the
development of nucleic acids to enhance the natural  antiviral defense system of
the human body and the development of therapeutic  products for the treatment of
chronic diseases.  Our strategy is to obtain the required  regulatory  approvals
which will allow the progressive  introduction of Ampligen(R)  (our  proprietary
drug)  for  treating   Myalgic   Encephalomyelitis/   Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome
("ME/CFS"),  HIV,  Hepatitis  C ("HCV")  and  Hepatitis  B ("HBV")  in the U.S.,
Canada,  Europe and Japan.  In 2004, we completed a phase III clinical  trial in
the U.S. for use of Ampligen(R) in treatment of ME/CFS and are in the process of
assembling and analyzing the obtained data  preparatory to completing and filing
a New Drug  Application  with the FDA. We are also testing  Ampligen(R) in Phase
IIb Clinical  Trials in the U.S. for the treatment of newly emerging  multi-drug
resistant  HIV, and for the induction of cell mediated  immunity in HIV patients
that are under control using potentially toxic drug cocktails.

                                       43
<PAGE>

      Our  proprietary   drug  technology   utilizes   specifically   configured
ribonucleic  acid ("RNA") and is  protected by more than 100 patents  worldwide,
with  over  9  additional  patent   applications   pending  to  provide  further
proprietary protection in various international  markets.  Certain patents apply
to the  use of  Ampligen(R)  alone  and  certain  patents  apply  to the  use of
Ampligen(R) in combination with certain other drugs. Some compositions of matter
patents  pertain to other new RNA compounds,  which have a similar  mechanism of
action.

      In March 2003 we obtained from Interferon  Sciences,  Inc.  ("ISI") all of
its raw materials, work-in-progress and finished product Alferon N Injection(R),
together with a limited license to sell Alferon N Injection(R),  a natural alpha
interferon  that has been  approved for  commercial  sale for the  intralesional
treatment of refractory or recurring external  condylomata  acuminata  ("genital
warts")  in  patients  18 years of age or older in the United  States.  In March
2004, we acquired from ISI the balance of ISI's rights to its product as well as
ISI's  production  facility.  We are marketing the Alferon N Injection(R) in the
United  States   through   sales   facilitated   via  third  party   agreements.
Additionally,  we intend to implement  studies testing the efficacy of Alferon N
Injection(R)  in multiple  sclerosis and other chronic viral  diseases.  In this
regard,  the FDA  recently  authorized  a Phase II  clinical  study  designed to
investigate  the  activity  and  safety  of  Alferon(R)  LDO in early  stage HIV
positive patients.

      We were  incorporated  in  Maryland  in 1996 under the name HEM  research,
Inc.,  and originally  served as a supplier of research  support  products.  Our
business was  redirected in the early 1980's to the  development of nucleic acid
pharmaceutical  technology  and  the  commercialization  of RNA  drugs.  We were
reincorporated in Delaware and changed our name to Hem  Pharmaceutical  Corp. in
1991 and to Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.,  in June 1995. We have three  domestic
subsidiaries BioPro Corp., BioAegean Corp., and Core BioTech Corp., all of which
are  incorporated  in  Delaware.  Our foreign  subsidiaries  include  Hemispherx
Biopharma  Europe  N.V./S.A.  established  in  Belgium  in 1998  and  Hemispherx
Biopharma Europe S.A. incorporated in Luxembourg in 2002.

Restatements

(a)   On March 29, 2006, after doing additional analysis on guidelines set forth
      in EITF  00-27:  Application  of Issue  No.  98-5 to  Certain  Convertible
      Instruments, it was determined that the accounting treatment for the March
      2003,  July 2003,  October  2003,  January  2004 and July 2004  Debentures
      (collectively,   the  "Debentures")  was  inaccurately  reflected  in  the
      financial  statements  for the  quarters  and years ended  included in our
      Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003,
      and for the  quarterly  periods  ended  March  31,  2003,  June 30,  2003,
      September  30, 2003,  March 31, 2004,  June 30, 2004,  September 30, 2004,
      March 31, 2005, June 30, 2005 and September 30, 2005,  included within our
      Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and that,  therefore,  a restatement of our
      financial  statements for the periods  referenced  above was required.  In
      connection with the initial  recording of the Debentures  mentioned above,
      it was  originally  determined  that the discount  related to the embedded
      conversion  features and warrant  issuances  calculated  at fair value was
      approximately   $1,607,000,   $2,724,000,   $2,879,000,   $2,272,000   and
      $1,260,000 for the March 2003, July 2003,  October 2003,  January 2004 and
      July 2004 Debentures,  respectively. The discount derived from determining
      the fair value of the embedded conversion feature and warrant issuances is
      amortized to financing  costs over the life of the debenture or charged to
      earnings on the earlier  conversion  thereof.  To properly account for the
      initial  calculation of the discount,  we determined,  under guidance from
      EITF  00-27:   Application  of  Issue  No.  98-5  to  Certain  Convertible
      Instruments, the debt discount should be restated for the March 2003, July
      2003,  October 2003,  January 2004 and July 2004 Debentures to $2,098,000,
      $2,280,000,  $3,177,000,  $1,998,000 and $628,000, respectively. The total
      impact of this  restatement on our statement of operations was to decrease
      the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2004 by $382,000 or $0.01 per
      share and an  increase  in net loss of $301,000 or $0.01 per share for the
      period ended December 31, 2003.

                                       44
<PAGE>

(b)   On March 29, 2006, it was determined that the accounting treatment for the
      investment  banking fees paid to Cardinal  Capital,  LLC  ("Cardinal")  in
      connection with the Debenture issuances was inaccurately  reflected in the
      financial  statements  for the  quarters  and years ended  included in our
      Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003,
      and for the  quarterly  periods  ended  March  31,  2003,  June 30,  2003,
      September  30, 2003,  March 31, 2004,  June 30, 2004,  September 30, 2004,
      March 31, 2005, June 30, 2005 and September 30, 2005,  included within our
      Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and that,  therefore,  a restatement of our
      financial  statements for the periods  referenced  above was required.  In
      connection with the initial  recording of the Debentures  mentioned above,
      it was originally determined that the fair value of the warrants issued as
      investment banking fees paid to Cardinal Securities, LLC, be accounted for
      as a discount to the underlying  Debentures and be amortized over the life
      of the debenture or charged to earnings on the earlier conversion thereof.
      These investment  banking fees should have been capitalized as an asset on
      the balance sheet and amortized  over the life of the debenture or charged
      to  earnings  on  the  earlier  conversion  thereof.   In  addition,   our
      calculation  of the fair value of the warrants  issued to Cardinal as part
      of the Debenture  issuances as a discount to the Debenture was  determined
      to be  overstated  at the  time of  issuance.  The  total  impact  of this
      restatement  on our statement of  operations  was to decrease the net loss
      for the year ended  December  31, 2004 by $460,000 or $.01 and an increase
      to the net loss for the year ended  December 31, 2003 of $138,000 or $0.00
      per share.

(c)   On March 29, 2006, after doing additional analysis on guidelines set forth
      in EITF  00-27:  Application  of Issue  No.  98-5 to  Certain  Convertible
      Instruments,  it was  determined  that the  accounting  treatment  for the
      conversion  price  reset  on the July  2003,  January  2004 and July  2004
      debentures was inaccurately  reflected in the financial statements for the
      quarters  and years ended  included in our Annual  Report on Form 10-K for
      the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, and for the quarterly  periods
      ended September 2003,  March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004,  September 30, 2004,
      March 31, 2005, June 30, 2005 and September 30, 2005,  included within our
      Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and that,  therefore,  a restatement of our
      financial  statements  for the periods  referenced  above was required.  A
      conversion  price reset was triggered on the July 2003  Debenture upon the
      issuance of the October 2003 Debenture.  In addition,  a conversion  price
      reset was triggered on both the January 2004 and July 2004 debentures upon
      the closing of the August 2004 Private Placement (See Note 8 & 9 contained
      within the  consolidated  financial  statements  contained herein for more
      details on the resets).  Under the previous accounting  treatment,  we did
      not  properly  account for the  conversion  price resets on the July 2003,
      January  2004  and July  2004  debentures.  To  properly  account  for the
      conversion  price resets,  we determined,  under guidance from EITF 00-27:
      Application  of Issue No.  98-5 to  Certain  Convertible  Instruments,  an
      additional  debt  discount  should have been  recorded  for the July 2003,
      January 2004 and July 2004 Debentures of approximately $741,000,  $915,000
      and $632,000,  respectively.  The total impact of this  restatement on our
      statement  of  operations  was to increase the net loss for the year ended
      December  31, 2004 and 2003 by  $1,037,000  and $58,000 or $0.02 and $0.00
      per share, respectively.

                                       45
<PAGE>

(d)   On March 29, 2006, it was determined that the accounting treatment for the
      warrant  conversion  price  reset on the July  2009  Warrants  (See Note 8
      "January 2004  Debenture"  within the  consolidated  financial  statements
      contained  herein for more detail on this  transaction)  was  inaccurately
      reflected  in the  financial  statements  for the  quarter  and year ended
      included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
      2004, and for the quarterly  period ended March 31, 2005,  included within
      our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and that, therefore,  a restatement of
      our financial  statements for the periods  referenced  above was required.
      The warrant price reset on the July 2009  Warrants was triggered  upon the
      closing of the August 2004 Private Placement and we recorded an additional
      charge to earnings of $337,000 in 2005 upon the warrant price reset.  This
      additional  charge to earnings in 2005 included $108,000 that pertained to
      the quarter ended December 31, 2004. The total impact of this  restatement
      on our statement of  operations  was to increase the net loss for the year
      ended December 31, 2004 by $108,000 or $0.00 per share.

(e)   On March 29, 2006, it was determined that the accounting treatment for the
      warrant conversion price reset on the May and June 2009 Warrants (See Note
      8 within the consolidated  financial  statements contained herein for more
      detail on this  transaction) was  inaccurately  reflected in the financial
      statements for the quarter and year ended included in our Annual Report on
      Form 10-K for the year ended  December  31,  2004,  and for the  quarterly
      period ended March 31, 2005, included within our Quarterly Reports on Form
      10-Q, and that,  therefore,  a restatement of our financial statements for
      the periods referenced above was required.  The warrant price reset on the
      May and June 2009  Warrants was  triggered  upon the closing of the August
      2004 Private Placement and we recorded an additional charge to earnings of
      $1,359,000 in 2005 upon the warrant price resets.  This additional  charge
      to earnings  included  $357,000  that  pertained to 2004 as restated.  The
      total impact of this  restatement  on our statement of  operations  was to
      increase the net loss for the year ended  December 31, 2004 by $357,000 or
      $0.01 per share.

(f)   On March 29, 2006, it was determined that the accounting treatment for the
      issuance  of the June 2008  Warrants  (See Note 8 within the  consolidated
      financial statements contained herein for more detail on this transaction)
      was inaccurately reflected in the financial statements for the quarter and
      year ended  included in our Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
      December 31, 2003,  and that,  therefore,  a restatement  of our financial
      statements  for the  periods  referenced  above  was  required.  Under the
      pervious accounting treatment,  the June 2008 Warrants issued as incentive
      for the March 2003 debenture  holders to exercise prior warrant  issuances
      was not accounted for  properly.  To properly  account for the issuance of
      the  additional  warrants,  we  determined  that we should have recorded a
      lower debt discount of approximately $1,320,000.  The total impact of this
      restatement  on our statement of  operations  was to decrease the net loss
      for the year ended December 31, 2003 by $1,320,000 or $0.04 per share.

(g)   On March 30, 2006, it was determined that the accounting treatment for the
      issuance  of the June 2009  Warrants  (See Note 8 within the  consolidated
      financial statements contained herein for more detail on this transaction)
      and  warrants  issued  in  conjunction  with  a  debt   modification  were
      inaccurately  reflected in the financial statements for the quarters ended
      June 30, 2004,  through  September 30, 2005 and the year ended included in
      our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2004,  and
      that, therefore, a restatement of our financial statements for the periods
      referenced above were required.  Under the pervious accounting  treatment,
      the initial  issuance of the June 2009 Warrants and the warrants issued in
      conjunction with the debt modification were not accounted for properly. To
      properly  account  for  the  issuance  of  the  additional  warrants,   we
      determined  that we should  have  recorded a lower  charge to  earnings of
      approximately  $1,667,000.  The total  impact of this  restatement  on our
      statement  of  operations  was to decrease the net loss for the year ended
      December 31, 2004 by $1,677,000 or $0.04 per share.


As a result of the  corrections of the errors  described  above, we restated our
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as follows:

                                       46
<PAGE>

                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                 (in Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                December 31,                                               December 31,
                                                    2004           Adjustments                                 2004
                                                                   -----------
                                                As previously                                                Restated
                                                  Reported
                                              ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------
                   ASSETS
Current assets:
<S>                                            <C>                                                       <C>
 Cash and cash equivalents                     $          8,813                                          $           8,813
 Short term investments                                   7,924                                                      7,924
 Inventory                                                2,148                                                      2,148
 Accounts and other receivables
                                                            139                                                        139
 Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets                                                     266                                                        266

                                              ------------------                                         ------------------
         Total current assets                            19,290                                                     19,290
                                              ------------------                                         ------------------

Property and equipment, net                               3,303                                                      3,303
Patent and trademark rights, net                            908                                                        908
Investment                                                   35                                                         35
Deferred acquisition costs                                    -                                                          -
Deferred financing costs                                    319              121  (b)                                 440
Advance receivable                                        1,300                                                      1,300
Other assets                                                 17                                                         17

                                              ------------------                                         ------------------
         Total assets                          $         25,172              121                          $        25,293
                                                       ========                                                   ========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                              $            526                                           $            526
 Accrued expenses                                         1,012                                                      1,012
 Current portion of long-term debt                        3,248           (1,241)  (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)                2,007
                                              ------------------                                         ------------------
 Total current liabilities                                4,786           (1,241)                                    3,545
                                              ------------------                                         ------------------

 Long-Term Debt-net of curr portion
                                                            305             (117)  (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)                  188

Commitments and contingencies


Redeemable common stock                                       -                                                          -
Stockholders' equity:
 Common stock                                                50                                                         50
 Additional paid-in capital                             158,024              (40)  (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)               157,984
 Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                            (10)                                                       (10)
 Accumulated deficit                                   (137,983)           1,519   (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)             (136,464)
 Treasury stock                                               -                                                          -

                                                                                                         ------------------
                                              ------------------
 Total stockholders' equity                              20,081            1,479                                    21,560
                                              ------------------                                         ------------------

 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
                                                        $25,172              121                                   $25,293
                                                        =======                                                    =======
</TABLE>

(a)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Debentures restatement relating to
      the initial recording of Debenture, as described above.

(b)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for the  Cardinal  Capital  restatement
      relating to investment banking fees, as described above.

(c)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Debentures restatement relating to
      the conversion price reset, as described above.

(d)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for the July 2009 warrants  restatement
      relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

                                       47
<PAGE>

(e)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for  the  May and  June  2009  warrants
      restatement relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

(f)   Includes restatement adjustment for the June 2008 Warrants.

(g)   Includes  restatement  for  the  issuance  of  warrants  regarding  a debt
      modification and additional  reset of the May 2009 warrants,  as described
      above.


                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations
                 (in thousands, except share and per share data)
                          Year Ended December 31, 2003

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                December 31,                                               December 31,
                                                    2003           Adjustments                                 2003
                                                    ----                                                       ----
                                                As previously                                                Restated
                                                  Reported
                                              ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- -----------------

Revenues:
<S>                                           <C>                                                        <C>
Sales of product net                          $             509                                          $            509
Clinical treatment programs                                 148                                                       148

Total Revenues:                                             657                                                       657

Costs and expenses:
Production/cost of goods sold                               502                                                       502
Research and development                                  3,150                                                     3,150
General and administrative                                4,257                                                     4,257
                                              ------------------                                         -----------------

Total costs and expenses                                  7,909                                                     7,909

Interest and other income                                    80                                                        80
Interest expense                                           (253)                                                     (253)
Financing costs                                          (7,345)               777  (a)(b)(c)(d)(f)                (6,568)
                                              ------------------                                         -----------------


Net loss                                      $         (14,770)               777  (a)(b)(c)(d)         $        (13,993)
                                              =================                                          =================

Basic and diluted loss per share
                                              $            (.42)             $ .02                       $           (.40)
                                              =================                                          =================

Weighted average shares outst.                       35,234,526                                                35,234,526
                                              =================                                          =================
</TABLE>


(a)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Debentures restatement relating to
      the initial recording of Debenture, as described above.

(b)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for the  Cardinal  Capital  restatement
      relating to investment banking fees, as described above.

(c)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Debentures restatement relating to
      the conversion price reset, as described above.

(d)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for the July 2009 warrants  restatement
      relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

(e)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for  the  May and  June  2009  warrants
      restatement relating to warrant price reset, as described above.


(f)   Includes restatement adjustment for the June 2008 Warrants.


                                       48
<PAGE>


                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations
                 (in thousands, except share and per share data)
                          Year Ended December 31, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         December 31,                                            December 31,
                                                             2004           Adjustments                              2004
                                                             ----                                                    ----
                                                       As previously                                               Restated
                                                          Reported
                                                       ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ -----------------

Revenues:
<S>                                                    <C>                                                    <C>
Sales of product net                                   $           1,050                                      $           1,050
Clinical treatment programs                                          179                                                    179

Total Revenues:                                                    1,229                                                  1,229

Costs and expenses:
Production/cost of goods sold                                      2,112                                                  2,112
Research and development                                           3,842                                                  3,842
General and administrative                                         6,164                                                  6,164
                                                       ------------------                                     -----------------

Total costs and expenses                                          12,118                                                 12,118

Equity loss and write off of  investments in
unconsolidated affiliates
                                                                    (373)                                                  (373)
Interest and other income                                             49                                                     49
Interest expense                                                    (384)                                                  (384)
Financing costs                                                  (12,543)              742 (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)           (11,801)
                                                       ------------------                                      -----------------


Net loss                                                      $  (24,140)             (742)                    $        (23,398)
                                                       =================                                       =================

Basic and diluted loss per share                                $   (.53)             $.01                      $          (.52)
                                                       =================                                       =================

Weighted average shares outstanding                           45,177,862                                             45,177,862
                                                       =================                                       =================
</TABLE>

(a)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Debentures restatement relating to
      the initial recording of Debenture, as described above.

(b)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for the  Cardinal  Capital  restatement
      relating to investment banking fees, as described above.

(c)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Debentures restatement relating to
      the conversion price reset, as described above.

(d)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for the July 2009 warrants  restatement
      relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

(e)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for  the  May and  June  2009  warrants
      restatement relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

(g)   Includes  restatement  for  the  issuance  of  warrants  regarding  a debt
      modification and additional  reset of the May 2009 warrants,  as described
      above.

We and our audit committee have discussed the above errors and adjustments  with
our current  independent  registered  public accounting firm and have determined
that a restatement  is necessary for the periods  described  above.  This Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  December  31, 2005  reflects  the
changes  for the  annual  results  for the years  ended  December  31,  2003 and
December 31,  2004.  We will file our  Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q/A for the
quarterly periods ended March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004, September 30, 2004, March
31, 2005,  June 30, 2005 and  September  31,  2005,  as soon as  practicable  in
connection with the restatements described above.

Result of Operations

Years Ended December 31, 2005 vs. 2004

                                       49
<PAGE>

Net loss

      Our net loss of $13,213,000  for the year ended December 31, 2005 was down
46% compared to the same period in 2004.  This  reduction of $10,185,000 in loss
was primarily due to: 1) lower costs associated with non-cash  financing charges
related to our  convertible  debentures  and related  warrants.  These  non-cash
financing  costs  were  down  $7,784,000  or 66% of the  change in net loss from
period to  period,  2)  production/cost  of goods  sold  expenditures  were down
$1,721,000 due to increased  expenditures during 2004 associated with ramping up
of the New Brunswick  facility for further production of Alferon N Injection(R),
and 3) lower non-cash stock compensation  expenses of approximately  $1,617,000.
These  lower  expenses  were  slightly  offset  by an  increase  in  research  &
development  ("R  &  D")  costs  during  the  current  period  of  approximately
$1,302,000 mainly due to costs associated with the transfer of our technology to
Hollister-Stier,  our contract manufacturer of Ampligen(R), and costs related to
the construction of our Ampligen(R) raw material  production line within our New
Jersey  facility.  Certain costs related to our exploratory  drug,  Ampligen(R),
were expensed as R&D costs.  Net losses per share were $(.26) for current period
versus $(.52) in the same period 2004.

      The lower stock  compensation  expense noted above  resulted from having a
limited  number of shares of Common Stock  authorized but not issued or reserved
for  issuance  upon  conversion  or  exercise  of  outstanding  convertible  and
exercisable  securities  such as  debentures,  options and warrants prior to our
annual  meeting of  stockholders  in September  2003.  Prior to the meeting,  to
permit  consummation  of the sale of the July 2003  Debentures  and the  related
warrants,  Dr.  Carter agreed that he would not exercise his warrants or options
unless and until our stockholders  approve an increase in our authorized  shares
of common  stock.  For Dr.  Carter's  waiver of his  right to  exercise  certain
options and warrants prior to approval of the increase in our authorized shares,
we have agreed to compensate Dr. Carter.

Revenues

      Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2005 were  $1,083,000 as compared
to $1,229,000  for the same period in 2004.  Alferon N  Injection(R)  sales were
down $140,000 or 13% while  Ampligen(R)  sold under the cost  recovery  clinical
program was down $6,000 or 3%. The decline in Alferon N  Injection(R)  sales can
be attributed to increased  competition  from rival products,  specifically,  3M
Pharmaceutical's  product  Aldera.  Ampligen(R)  sold  under  the cost  recovery
clinical  program is a product of physicians and ME/CFS patients  applying to us
to enroll in the program.  After screening the patient's  enrollment records, we
ship Ampligen(R) to the physician.  A typical six-month  treatment therapy costs
the patient  about $7,200 for  Ampligen(R).  This program has been in effect for
many years and is offered as a treatment option to patients severely affected by
ME/CFS. As the name "cost recovery" implies,  we have no gain or profit on these
sales. The benefits to us include 1) physicians and patients  becoming  familiar
with  Ampligen(R)  and 2)  collection of clinical data relating to the patients'
treatment and results.

Production costs/cost of goods sold

      Our costs for  production/cost  of goods sold were down $1,721,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2005 compared to the same period in 2004.  $1,642,000 of
this decrease in production costs is primarily due to expenses  incurred in 2004
related to preparing the New Brunswick  facility for the production of Alferon N
Injection(R). There were no such costs in 2005. We are nearing completion of the
construction of the production line within our own facility in New Brunswick for
Ampligen(R)  raw  materials.  We believe that this  installation  will  increase
production  capacity,  improve  efficiency and assure  compliance with worldwide
drug manufacturing standards and processes.

                                       50
<PAGE>

      Alferon  cost of goods sold for the year ended  December 31, 2005 and 2004
were  $391,000  and  $470,000,   respectively.  Since  acquiring  the  right  to
manufacture  and market Alferon N Injection(R)  in March 2003, we have converted
the   work-in-progress   inventory   into   finished   goods  as  needed.   This
work-in-progress   inventory   included  three   production  lots  totaling  the
equivalent  of  approximately  55,000  vials  (doses) at  various  stages of the
manufacturing  process.  Approximately  42,000  vials  have been  produced.  Our
contractor, Hospira completed the labeling and packaging of approximately 12,000
vials of Alferon N  Injection(R)  inventory  and these vials were  released into
finished goods inventory in November 2005. Hospira gave notice that they will no
longer  label and package  Alferon N  Injection(R)  as they are  seeking  larger
production   runs  for  cost  efficiency   purposes.   We  have  identified  two
manufacturers  to replace  Hospira  and,  on  February  8, 2006,  we  executed a
Manufacturing  and  Safety  Agreement  with  Hyaluron,   Inc.   ("Hyaluron")  of
Burlington,  Massachusetts,  for the  formulation,  packaging  and  labeling  of
Alferon N Injection(R).  Pursuant to the Agreement, we will supply raw materials
in sufficient quantity and provide any pertinent information to the project.

      We have started preliminary work to convert the third lot of approximately
13,000 vials to finished goods inventory with an anticipated completion date for
the third quarter  2006. By the first quarter 2007, we anticipate  preparing new
Alferon N Injection(R)  lots from blood  leukocytes at our New Jersey  facility.
Final formulation and packaging of Alferon N Injection(R)  would be completed by
a third party contractor as noted above.

      The installation of a Ampligen(R) raw material  production line within our
New Brunswick  facility  should be completed and in production by May 2006.  The
transfer of  Ampligen(R)  raw  material  production  to our own  facilities  has
obvious advantages with respect to overall control of the manufacturing process,
keeping costs down and controlling  regulatory compliance issues (other parts of
our 43,000 sq. ft. wholly owned FDA approved  facility are already in compliance
for  Alferon N  Injection(R)  manufacture).  This  will also  allow us to obtain
Ampligen(R)  raw  materials  on a more  consistent  and  reliable  basis.  As of
December  31,  2005,  we have  capitalized  approximately  $821,000  towards the
construction   and   installation  of  this  production  line.  The  anticipated
completion  date for the first lot of Ampligen(R) raw material being produced is
the  second  quarter  2006.  We  estimate  the total cost of  establishing  this
production  line  to be  some  $1,900,000,  including  modifications  to our New
Brunswick  facility.  This  polymer  production  line will have the  capacity to
produce up to four  kilograms  per week,  or 100 kilograms per yeah which should
allow us to  manufacture  up to one-half  million 400 mg doses per year. We have
identified  three  contract  manufacturers  to expand  polymer  manufacture,  if
necessary, and obtained preliminary proposals from two and initiated discussions
with the third.

Research and Development costs

      Overall research and development  direct costs for the year ended December
31, 2005 and 2004 were $5,144,000 and $3,842,000,  respectively.  These costs in
2005  reflect the direct  costs  associated  with our effort to develop our lead
product,  Ampligen(R),  as a therapy in treating chronic diseases and cancers as
well as on-going clinical trials involving patients with HIV. In addition, these
costs reflect  direct costs incurred  relating to the  development of Alferon(R)
LDO (low dose oral interferon alfa-N3,  human leukocyte  derived).  We have over
approximately  130,000 doses on hand of Alferon(R)  LDO which have been prepared
for use in clinical trials treating  patients  affected with the SARS, Avian Flu
or other potentially emerging infectious diseases.

                                       51
<PAGE>

      During 2005, we increased our clinical  staff by employing  several highly
trained  individuals to focus on the  preparation of our Ampligen(R) NDA filing.
The NDA filing is a very  complex  document and we are being  meticulous  in the
preparation  of the  document.  Our clinical  monitors  and research  assistants
completed the process of visiting the multiple  clinical  study sites around the
country for our AMP 516 study in January 2006. Our process  included  collecting
and  auditing  data  generated  at  each  of  these  sites.  Since  we  are  now
incorporating  a larger sample of data from our previous trials for inclusion in
the NDA filing  (see below for  further  details),  our  clinical  monitors  and
research assistants plan on visiting our sites associated with our AMP 511 study
in 2006 with the intention of collecting and auditing this additional  data. All
data must be reviewed and checked to clarify any inconsistencies or inaccuracies
that turn up. Due to the human  factor,  these  types of  problems  occur in all
clinical trials.  These gaps and  inconsistencies  in data must be resolved with
the  respective  clinical  investigators,  while  maintaining  a clear record of
events which allows the FDA to conduct a meaningful audit of these records.

      We believe  that our AMP 516 ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial for use of
Ampligen(R)  in the  treatment  of ME/CFS is the most  comprehensive  study ever
conducted in ME/CFS.  This Phase III clinical trial,  which was conducted over a
six-year  period,  involved an enrollment of more than 230 severely  debilitated
ME/CFS  patients and was  conducted at twelve  medical  centers  throughout  the
United  States.  The  study is  serving  as the  basis for us to file a new drug
application with the FDA.

      We had  originally  targeted  a late  2004  filing  date  for this NDA for
Ampligen(R). In order to respond to recent changes in the regulatory environment
that place a greater emphasis on the safety and efficacy of all new experimental
drug  candidates,  we are now  incorporating  a larger  sample  of data from our
previous  trials.  The NDA filing will now include data  accumulated from 45,000
administrations  of the studied drug to approximately  750 ME/CFS  patients.  We
plan to complete and file the NDA before year end 2006.

      The clinical development of the experimental therapeutic,  Ampligen(R) for
ME/CFS was initiated approximately 16 years ago. To date federal health agencies
have yet to reach a consensus  regarding  various  aspects of ME/CFS,  including
parameters of "promising  therapies"  for ME/CFS and which aspects of ME/CFS are
anticipated to be "serious or life-threatening".

                                       52
<PAGE>

      Over  its   developmental   history,   Ampligen(R)  has  received  various
designations,  including  Orphan Drug  Product  Certification  (FDA),  Emergency
(compassionate) Cost Recovery Sales Authorization (FDA) and "promising" clinical
outcome  recognition based on the evaluation of certain summary clinical reports
(AHRQ, Agency Health Research Quality).  However to date, the FDA has determined
it has yet to  receive  sufficient  information  to  support  the  potential  of
Ampligen(R)  to treat a  serious  or life  threatening  aspect  of  ME/CFS.  The
definition  of the  "seriousness  of a  condition",  according  to Guidance  for
Industry  documents  published  in July,  2004 is "a  matter  of  judgment,  but
generally  based  on  its  impact  on  such  factors  as  survival,   day-to-day
functioning,  or the  likelihood  that  the  disease,  if left  untreated,  will
progress  from a less  severe  condition  to a more  serious  one".  The FDA has
recently  requested  a  "complete  and  audited  report  of the Amp 516 study to
determine whether  Ampligen(R) has a clinically  meaningful benefit on a serious
or life  threatening  aspect of ME/CFS in order to evaluate  whether the Amp 516
study results do or do not support a "fast track designation".  The FDA has also
invited us to include a schedule for completion of all ME/CFS studies as well as
a proposed  schedule  for our NDA  submission.  Because  we  believe  our ME/CFS
studies are complete, we intend to request a pre-NDA meeting to obtain advice on
preparing  and  submitting  our NDA. At the same time we will  continue with our
existing ongoing efforts to prepare a complete and audited report of our various
studies,  including  the  well-controlled  Amp 516 study.  We are using our best
efforts to complete the requisite  reports including the hiring of new staff and
various  recognized expert  medical/regulatory  consultants,  but can provide no
assurance  as to whether  the outcome of this large data  collection  and filing
process  (approximately  750  patients,  treated more than 45,000 times) will be
favorable or unfavorable, specifically with respect to the FDA's perspective. We
plan  to use an  independent  contractor  to  file  the  NDA  electronically  to
facilitate  the review by the FDA.  Also,  we can  provide no guidance as to the
tentative  date at  which  the  compilation  and  filing  of such  data  will be
complete,  as  significant  factors are outside our control  including,  without
limitation,   the  ability  and   willingness   of  the   independent   clinical
investigators  to complete the  requisite  reports at an  acceptable  regulatory
standard,  the ability to collect  overseas  generated  data, and the ability of
Hollister-Stier  facilities (or the facilities of such other  manufacturer as we
may  retain  in  the  event  that  we do  not  come  to  definitive  terms  with
Hollister-Stier)  to interface  with our own New Brunswick  staff/facilities  to
meet the manufacturing regulatory standards.

      The timing of the FDA review  process of the NDA is subject to the control
of the FDA and result in one of the  following  events;  1)  approval  to market
Ampligen(R)  for use in treating  ME/CFS  patients,  2) require  more  research,
development,  and clinical  work,  3) approval to market as well as conduct more
testing, or 4) reject our NDA application.  Given these variables, we are unable
to project when material net cash inflows are expected to commence from the sale
of Ampligen(R).

      Our  Amp  720  HIV  study  is a  treatment  using  a  Strategic  Treatment
Interruption ("STI"). The patients' antiviral HAART regimens are interrupted and
Ampligen(R) is substituted as  mono-immunotherapy.  Patients, who have completed
at least nine months of Ampligen(R)  therapy,  were able to stay off HAART for a
total STI  duration  with a mean time of 29.0 weeks  whereas the control  group,
which was also taken off  HAART,  but not given  Ampligen(R),  had  earlier  HIV
rebound  with a mean  duration of 18.7  weeks.  Thus,  on  average,  Ampligen(R)
therapy  spared the  patients  excessive  exposure to HAART,  with its  inherent
toxicities, for more than 11 weeks.

      41 HIV patients have already  participated in this 64 week study. The rate
of enrollment  depends on patient  availability  and on other  products being in
clinical  trials for the  treatment  of HIV,  causing  competition  for the same
patient  population.  At  present,  more  than  18 FDA  approved  drugs  for HIV
treatment  competing for available  patients.  The length,  and subsequently the
expense of these studies,  will also be determined by an analysis of the interim
data,  which  will  determine  when  completion  of  the  ongoing  Phase  IIb is
appropriate  and whether a Phase III trial will be  conducted  or not. In case a
Phase  III  study is  required,  the FDA  might  require  a  patient  population
exceeding  the current one which will  influence the cost and time of the trial.
Accordingly,  the number of  "unknowns"  is  sufficiently  great to be unable to
predict  when,  or  whether,  we may  obtain  revenues  from  our HIV  treatment
indications.

      With the threat of an avian influenza pandemic rising and health officials
warning that the virus could develop  resistance to current flu treatments,  the
pursuit of a cost-effective and complementary  treatment to existing  antivirals
and vaccines has become  critical.  This combination may permit the use of lower
dosages and fewer injections of the antivirals and vaccines used to combat avian
flu,  thereby  decreasing the cost of both  immunization  programs and treatment
programs for the full-blown disease.

                                       53
<PAGE>

      In  antimicrobial  (antibacterial)  therapy,  which  is  the  best-studied
clinical  model,   synergistic   drug   combinations   may  result  in  curative
conditions/outcomes,  often not observed  when the single drugs are given alone.
In the case of avian influenza where global drug supplies are  presumptively  in
very  limited  supply  relative  to  potential  needs,  therapeutic  synergistic
combinations  could not only affect the disease outcome,  but also the number of
individuals able to access therapies.

      In  a  recently  reported  study  from  a  vaccine  group  in  Japan,  the
incorporation of poly I: poly C (dsRNA) into a nasal  administration of a killed
influenza A preparation  converted a poorly  immunogenic  response into a highly
efficacious  vaccine in  protection  of mice from  lethal  infection  from human
influenza A. Ampligen(R) is a dsRNA which currently is undergoing testing in the
animal model.

      Recently, at the fourth annual Biodefense Research Meeting of the American
Society of  Microbiology  held in  Washington,  D.C.,  we  presented  results of
laboratory  testing  that  showed  our two  investigational  immunotherapeutics,
Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R),  are potentially  useful against H5N1, or avian flu,
virus.  The pre-clinical  research  indicates that  Ampligen(R),  a specifically
configured  double-stranded RNA, can provide  cross-protection against avian flu
viral mutations as well as boost the  effectiveness of Tamiflu and Relenza,  the
only two drugs  formally  recognized  for  combating  bird flu, up to 100 times.
Other lab tests, in healthy human volunteers,  indicate that Alferon(R) LDO (Low
Dose Oral), a new delivery form of an anti-viral with prior regulatory  approval
for a category of sexually transmitted diseases, can stimulate genes that induce
the production of interferon and other immune compounds,  key building blocks in
the body's defense  system.  The studies were conducted in conjunction  with the
National Institute of Infectious Diseases of Japan.

      We have  recently  entered  into an  agreement  with  Defence  R&D Canada,
Suffield  ("DRDC  Suffield"),  an agency of the Canadian  Department of National
Defence,  to evaluate the  antiviral  efficacy of our  experimental  therapeutic
Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R) for protection  against human  respiratory  influenza
virus  infection in well validated  animal  models.  DRDC Suffield is conducting
research and development of new drugs that could potentially  become part of the
arsenal of existing  antiviral weapons to combat the bird flu. The initial study
will focus on the testing of potential drugs against the  respiratory  influenza
virus infection on a mouse-adapted strain of human influenza.  DRDC Suffield has
already conducted  extensive research in the use of liposome delivery technology
to enhance the antiviral activity of a closely-allied Ampligen(R) analogue, Poly
ICLC (an immunomodulating  dsRNA) which is very similar to Ampligen(R).  Results
suggest that ribo nucleic acid-based drugs have the ability to elicit protective
broad-spectrum  antiviral  immunity against various pathogenic  viruses.  Hence,
there is the potential for efficacy to be maintained against mutating strains of
an influenza virus.  Liposomes,  a carrier system for nucleic  acid-based drugs,
have  shown an  ability  to protect  these  drugs  against in vivo  degradation,
delivering  them to  intracellular  sites of  infection,  thereby  reducing  any
toxicity and  prolonging  their  therapeutic  effectiveness.  Protection  can be
afforded for 21 days with two doses of dsRNA. It is believed that in humans with
active flu infection, Tamiflu, given twice daily, may ameliorate symptoms.

                                       54
<PAGE>

      A  preclinical   study  was  initiated  in  June  2005,  to  determine  if
Ampligen(R)  enhances the  effectiveness of different drug combinations on avian
influenza. The preclinical study suggests a new, and potentially pivotal role of
double-stranded  RNA  ("dsRNA")  therapeutics  in improving  the efficacy of the
present  standards in care in both  influenza  prevention and treatment of acute
disease.  The preclinical study is being conducted by research affiliates of the
National  Institutes  of Health at Utah State  University  to examine  potential
therapeutic synergies with different drug combinations.  The ongoing research is
comparing the relative protection conveyed by Tamiflu  (oseltamivir,  Roche) and
Relenza  (Zanamivir,  GlaxoSmithKline)  with Ampligen(R)  (dsRNA),  alone and in
combination,  against the avian flu virus (H5N1).  Cell destruction was measured
in vitro using  different  drug  combinations.  Both drugs,  given  alone,  were
effective  in  inhibiting  cell  destruction  by  avian  influenza,   but  viral
suppression with the combination was greater than either drug alone. The overall
assessment is that there was improvement in cell protection when Ampligen(R) was
combined with oseltamivir carboxylate (Tamiflu) and Zanamivir (Relenza). Further
immediate experimental tests are planned.

      Recently,  Japanese researchers (Journal of Virology page 2910, 2005) have
found that dsRNAs increase the  effectiveness of influenza  vaccine by more than
300% and may also convey  "cross-protection  ability  against  variant  viruses"
(mutated  strains of influenza  virus).  In October  2005,  we signed a research
agreement with the National Institute of Infectious  Diseases,  in Tokyo, Japan.
The collaboration,  by Hideki Hasegawa,  M.D., Ph.D., Chief of the Laboratory of
Infectious   Disease  Pathology,   will  assess  our  experimental   therapeutic
Ampligen(R) as a co-administered  immunotherapeutic  to the Institution's  nasal
flu vaccine.

      In October  2005,  we also  engaged the Sage Group,  Inc.,  a health care,
technology  oriented,  strategy and  transaction  advisory firm, to assist us in
obtaining a strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of  Ampligen(R) in treating
Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  or CFS.  In the past year  leaders  in the  Japanese
medical  community have  established the Japanese Society of the Fatigue Science
and the Osaka City University Hospital opened the Fatigue Clinical Center as the
initial step in their Fatigue Research Project.

      A  clinical  study  has been  approved  by the  Clinical  Research  Ethics
Committee of the Kowloon West Cluster at the Princess  Margaret Hospital in Hong
Kong to evaluate the use of Alferon(R)  LDO (Low Dose Oral  Interferon  Alfa-N3,
Human Leukocyte Derived) in normal volunteers and/or asymptomatic  subjects with
exposure to a person known to have SARS.  This study completed the dosing of ten
patients during the fourth quarter 2005 and we expect to complete  analyzing the
results of this study in the coming months.

      A clinical  study to evaluate  the use of  Alferon(R)  LDO in HIV infected
volunteers was initiated during the second quarter 2005 in Philadelphia, PA. The
study  is  currently  being  conducted  at  two  sites,  Drexel  University  and
Philadelphia FIGHT, a comprehensive AIDS service organization  providing primary
care,  consumer  education,  advocacy and research on potential  treatments  and
vaccines.  The  study  is  designed  to  determine  whether  Alferon(R)  LDO can
resuscitate  the  broad-spectrum  antiviral  and  immunostimulatory  genes.  The
initial  patient  enrolled in this study in July 2005 and, as of December  2005,
seven patients have enrolled and completed  dosing.  We are currently  receiving
data from this study and we are in the process of analyzing  the  results.  This
trial methodology may have implications for treating other emerging viruses such
as avian influenza (bird flu).  Present  production methods for vaccines involve
the use of millions of chicken  eggs and would be slow to respond to an outbreak
according  to a recently  convened  World  Health  Organization  expert panel in
November 2004. Health officials are also concerned that bird flu could mutate to
cause  the  next  pandemic  and  render  present   vaccines  under   development
ineffective.

                                       55
<PAGE>

      In  September  2004,  we  commenced  a  clinical  trial  using  Alferon  N
Injection(R) to treat patients infected with the West Nile Virus. The infectious
Disease  section of New York Queens  Hospital and the Weill  Medical  College of
Cornell University are conducting this double-blinded, placebo controlled trial.
This study plans to enroll 60 patients as they become available.  As of March 1,
2006, nine patients have entered this study. The CDC reports that 2,744 cases of
West Nile Virus have been  reported in the US as of January 10, 2006,  including
105 deaths.

      We have completed the transfer and  consolidation of our Rockville Quality
Assurance Lab and equipment  into our New  Brunswick  facility.  We believe this
newly consolidated lab will provide more efficiencies with regard to the quality
assurance needs for both Ampligen(R) and Alferon N Injection(R).

      In connection with settling various manufacturing  infractions  previously
noted by the FDA, Schering entered into a "Consent Decree" with the FDA whereby,
among other things,  it agreed to  discontinue  various  contract  (third party)
manufacturing  activities at various  facilities  including its San Juan, Puerto
Rico,  plant.   Ampligen(R)  (which  was  not  involved  in  any  of  the  cited
infractions)  was  produced  at this  Puerto  Rico  plant  from year  2000-2004.
Operating under  instructions  from the Consent Decree,  Schering has advised us
that it would no longer manufacture Ampligen(R) in this facility beyond 2004 and
would assist us in an orderly  transfer of said activities to other non Schering
facilities.

      On December 9, 2005, we executed a Supply  Agreement with  Hollister-Stier
Laboratories  LLC of Spokane,  Washington,  for the  contract  manufacturing  of
Ampligen(R)  for a five year term.  Pursuant to the agreement we will supply the
key raw materials and Hollister-Stier will formulate and bottle the Ampligen(R).
We paid  $100,000 as a deposit in order to initiate the  manufacturing  project.
This deposit was expended as research and  development in 2005. The  achievement
of the initial  objectives  described in the agreement,  in combination with our
polymer  production  facility under  construction  in New  Brunswick,  N.J., may
enable us to  manufacture  the raw materials for  approximately  10,000 doses of
Ampligen(R)   per  week.   We   executed  a   confidentiality   agreement   with
Hollister-Stier;  therefore,  we  commenced  the  transfer of our  manufacturing
technology  to  Hollister-Stier.  Currently,  Hollister-Stier  has completed two
pilot manufacturing runs of Ampligen(R) for stability testing.

      We have  identified  two other cGMP  production  facilities  in the United
States  capable  of  manufacturing  Ampligen(R).  Engagement  of either of these
facilities would provide back-up to  Hollister-Stier  and/or provide  additional
production  capacity if needed. We are reviewing proposals from these production
facilities and expect to act upon one or the other at the appropriate time.

General and Administrative Expenses

      General and  Administrative  ("G&A") expenses for the years ended December
31, 2005 and 2004 were  approximately  $5,187,000 and $6,164,000,  respectively.
The decrease in G&A expenses of $977,000  during this period is primarily due to
a non-cash stock compensation  charge of $1,617,000  resulting from the issuance
of 1,450,000  warrants to purchase common stock at $2.20 per share to Dr. Carter
in 2003 that vested in the first  quarter  2004.  The  warrants  vested upon the
second ISI asset closing which occurred in March 17, 2005.  Higher  professional
fees,  specifically legal costs,  during 2005,  slightly offset this decrease in
G&A as we initiated  legal  proceedings  seeking  injunction  relief and damages
against  conspiratorial  group  engaged  in  illegal  activities  to  take  over
Hemispherx and enrich themselves at the expense of our stockholders.  Please see
Item 3. "Legal Proceedings" in Part I, above for more information.

                                       56
<PAGE>

Interest and Other Income

      Interest and other income for the three months ended December 31, 2005 and
2004 totaled  $831,000 and $49,000,  respectively.  The increase in interest and
other  income  during the year can  primarily be  attributed  to the maturing of
marketable  securities  during  the 2005  period.  All  funds in  excess  of our
immediate need are invested in short-term high quality securities.  As described
in Note 3(f) to the accompanying  financial statements,  we have determined that
all  obligations  under the MOU with  Fujisawa have been  fulfilled;  therefore,
other income of $241,000 has been recorded in this period.

Interest Expense and Financing Costs

      Non-cash   financing  costs  and  interest  expenses  were   approximately
$4,859,000  for the year ended  December 31, 2005 versus  $12,185,000 in charges
for the  same  period  a year  ago.  Non-cash  financing  costs  consist  of the
amortization  of debenture  closing costs,  the  amortization  of Original Issue
Discounts and the  amortization of costs  associated with beneficial  conversion
features of our  debentures  and the fair value of the warrants  relating to the
Debentures.  These  charges are  reflected  in the  Consolidated  Statements  of
Operations under the caption "Financing Costs." The main reason for the decrease
in financing  costs and interest  expense of $7,780,000 or 64% can be attributed
to the  aggregate  total  of  these  charges  being  reduced  since  2004 due to
decreased  amortization  charges as well as charges related to the conversion of
debentures. Please see Note 8 in the consolidated financial statements contained
herein for more details on these transactions.

Years Ended December 31, 2004 (as restated) vs. 2003 (as restated)

      During the year ended  December 31, 2004,  we 1)  materially  improved our
cash position,  2) completed the  acquisition of our production  facility in New
Brunswick,  New  Jersey,  as well as,  acquired  all of ISI's  rights  to market
Alferon(R) N, 3) completed drug dosing in our Phase III AMP 516 ME/CFS  clinical
trial and 4) continued our efforts to develop Ampligen(R)/Alferon(R) N. Our cash
position  improved as a result of placing  January and July 2004 6%  convertible
debentures  with an aggregate  maturity value of $6,000,000  (gross  proceeds of
$5,695,000)  and the August 2004  private  placement  with select  institutional
investors  of  approximately  3,617,000  shares of our common stock and warrants
producing $7,524,000 in gross proceeds. Completion of the drug dosing in the AMP
516  ME/CFS  clinical  trial in August  2004  allowed  us to start the next step
towards completing data collection and analysis.

Net loss

      Non-cash  charges  materially  affected our net losses for the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003. Our losses as restated,  of $23,398,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2004,  include non-cash  financing charges of $11,801,000 and
non-cash charges of $2,000,000 for stock compensation  expenses.  The losses for
the same period, as restated, in 2003 of $13,993,000 included non-cash financing
charges of $6,568,000. This $9,405,000 increase in net operating losses reflects
an increase of $5,233,000 in non-cash finance charges,  $692,000 in research and
development  expenses  and  $1,610,000  in  production/cost  of goods sold.  The
increase  in our  research  and  development  costs  were the result of 1) costs
incurred in the development of a more efficient bottling  manufacturing  process
for Alferon N Injection(R),  2) vials abstracted from the third lot of Alferon N
Injection(R)  inventory  for research  and  development  purposes,  and 3) costs
associated  with  using  Alferon N  Injection(R)  in a  clinical  trial to treat
patients  infected with the West Nile Virus.  Our production  cost/cost of goods
sold increased due to 1) higher Alferon N Injection(R)  sales,  2) costs related
to preparing our New Brunswick,  NJ facility for the installation of the lab now
located in  Rockville,  MD, and 3)  expanding  production  at our New  Brunswick
facility  to  include  Ampligen(R)  raw  material.   The  $2,000,000  for  stock
compensation  expense primarily consisted of $1,769,000  resulting from warrants
issued to Dr.  Carter in 2003 that  vested  in the  first  quarter  2004.  These
warrants  vested upon the second ISI asset closing  which  occurred on March 17,
2004.

                                       57
<PAGE>

Revenues

      Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2004 were  $1,229,000 as compared
to revenues of $657,000 for the same period in 2003. Revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2004 from sales of Alferon(R) N totaled  $1,050,000 versus $509,000
for the  period  of March  11,  2003,  the date we  acquired  the  rights to the
Alferon(R) N business from ISI, through December 31, 2003. Sales of Alferon(R) N
are  anticipated  to increase as we have more  product  available  and intend to
expand our marketing/sales programs on an international basis. Revenues from our
ME/CFS cost recovery treatment programs principally underway in the U.S., Canada
and Europe were  $179,000 for the year ended  December 31, 2004 versus  $148,000
for the year ended  December  31,  2003.  These  clinical  programs  allow us to
provide Ampligen(R) therapy at our cost to severely debilitated ME/CFS patients.
Under this program the patients pay for the cost of  Ampligen(R)  doses infused.
These costs total approximately $7,200 for a 24-week treatment program.

      We  executed a  Memorandum  of  Understanding  (MOU) in January  2004 with
Astellas  Pharma  ("Astellas"),  formally  Fujisawa  Deutschland  GmbH,  a major
pharmaceutical  corporation,  granting  them an  exclusive  option for a limited
number  of months to enter a Sales and  Distribution  Agreement  with  exclusive
rights to market Ampligen(R) for ME/CFS in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The
MOU  required us to file the full report on the results of our AMP 516  Clinical
Trial with  Astellas by May 31,  2004.  If the full  report was not  provided to
Astellas by May 31, 2004 and Astellas  did not wish to exercise  its option,  we
would  have  been  required  to refund  one half of the  400,000  Euro  fee.  We
submitted  our  initial  report to Astellas  on May 28,  2004 and  responded  to
subsequent inquiries for additional information. The option period ends 12 weeks
after the later of  Astellas's  review of the full  report on the results of our
Amp 516  clinical  trial  and  Astellas's  meeting  with  three  of the  trial's
principal   investigators.   We  received  an  initial  fee  of  400,000   Euros
(approximately  $497,000 US). If we did not provide them with the full report by
December 31, 2004 and Astellas did not wish to exercise its option,  we would be
required to refund the entire fee. On November 9, 2004,  we and Fuji  terminated
the MOU by mutual  agreement.  We did not agree on the process to be utilized in
certain European  Territories for obtaining  commercial approval for the sale of
Ampligen(R) in the treatment of patients suffering from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
(CFS).  Instead of a  centralized  procedure,  and in order to obtain an earlier
commercial  approval of  Ampligen(R) in Europe,  we have  determined to follow a
decentralized  filing procedure which was not anticipated in the MOU. We believe
that  it  now  is in the  best  interest  of  our  stockholders  to  potentially
accelerate  entry into  selected  European  markets  whereas  the  original  MOU
specified a centralized registration procedure.  Pursuant to mutual agreement of
the  parties  we  refunded  200,000  Euros to  Astellas.  We have  recorded  the
remaining  200,000 Euros as an accrued liability as of December 31, 2004. We are
currently  holding the 200,000 Euros pending further  developments in accordance
with the  mutually  agreed  upon  termination  with  Astellas.  The  Company has
determined that all obligations under the MOU with Astella's have been fulfilled
and, therefore, $241,000 was recorded in September 2005 as other income.

                                       58
<PAGE>

Production costs/cost of goods sold

      Production  costs  for the year  ended  December  31,  2004 and 2003  were
$2,112,000  and  $502,000,   respectively.  These  costs  reflect  approximately
$470,000  for the cost of sales of  Alferon N  Injection(R)  for the year  ended
December 31, 2004. In addition,  costs of sales for Alferon N  Injection(R)  for
the period  March 11, 2003  (acquisition  date of  inventory  from ISI)  through
December 31, 2003 amounted to $240,000.  The remaining  production costs in 2004
represent expenditures  associated with preparing the New Brunswick facility for
the  installation  of the lab  now  located  in  Rockville,  MD and for  further
production of Alferon N Injection(R)  and Ampligen(R)  raw materials.  In August
2004, we released most of the second lot of product (approximately 13,000 vials)
to Abbott laboratories for bottling and realized  approximately  12,000 vials of
Alferon(R) N. Some 3,000 of the  remaining  vials within this lot were held back
to  be  utilized  in  the  development  of  a  more  compatible  vial  size  for
manufacturing  of Alferon N  Injection(R).  Our production  and quality  control
personnel  in our New  Brunswick,  NJ facility  are  involved  in the  extensive
process of manufacturing and validation required by the FDA.

Research and Development costs

      Overall research and development  direct costs for the year ended December
31, 2004 were $3,842,000 as compared to $3,150,000 during the same period a year
earlier.  These costs  primarily  reflect the direct costs  associated  with our
effort to  develop  our lead  product,  Ampligen(R),  as a therapy  in  treating
chronic  diseases  and cancers as well as  on-going  clinical  trials  involving
patients  with HIV.  The  primary  reasons  for the  increase  in  research  and
development  costs of $692,000  for the year ended  December 31, 2004 versus the
same  period  a  year  ago  were  primarily  due  to 1)  costs  incurred  in the
development of a more  efficient  bottling  manufacturing  process for Alferon N
Injection(R),  2) vials  abstracted from the third lot of Alferon N Injection(R)
inventory for research and development  purposes,  and 3) costs  associated with
using Alferon N Injection(R) in a clinical trial to treat patients infected with
the West Nile Virus.

      In 2004 we completed the double-blind  segment of our AMP 516 ME/CFS Phase
III clinical trial for use of  Ampligen(R) in the treatment of ME/CFS.  Clinical
data on the primary endpoint  exercise  treadmill  duration was presented at the
17th  International  Conference on Anti-viral  Research in Tucson,  AZ on May 3,
2004. The data showed that patients receiving  Ampligen(R) for 40 weeks improved
exercise  treadmill  performance  by a medically and  statistically  significant
amount compared to the Placebo group. New data was presented at the Interscience
Conference on  Antimicrobial  Agents and  Chemotherapy  on increases in exercise
capacity with  Ampligen(R)  and Placebo which were  correlated  with an improved
ability to utilize oxygen,  so called,  maximum oxygen  consumption or (VO2max).
VO2max has been previously shown by others to be decreased with individuals with
CFS. An  abnormal  exercise  stress  test,  including  a low VO2max,  could help
qualify CFS patients for disability under Social Security  Administration rules.
Additional  data on subset  analyses  showed  that both  Stratification  cohorts
(those with baseline exercise  treadmill duration greater than or less than nine
minutes) improved exercise capacity by over 6.5%, an amount considered medically
significant in other chronic diseases.

                                       59
<PAGE>

      Ampligen(R)  is in two  Phase  IIb  studies  for the  treatment  of HIV to
overcome  multi-drug  resistance,  virus mutation and toxicity  associated  with
current HAART therapies. One study, the AMP-719, is a Salvage Therapy, conducted
in the U.S. and evaluating the potential  synergistic efficacy of Ampligen(R) in
multi-drug resistant HIV patients for immune enhancement.  The second study, the
AMP-720,  is a clinical  trial  designed to evaluate  the effect of  Ampligen(R)
under  Strategic  Treatment  Intervention  and is  also  conducted  in the  U.S.
Enrollment  in the AMP 719 study is presently on hold as we focus our efforts on
the AMP 720 study.

ME/CFS

      Over 230  patients  have  participated  in our ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical
trial. In August 2004, the remaining  patients completed drug dosing in the open
label segment (Stage II) of this Phase III protocol. We completed the randomized
placebo  controlled  phase  (Stage I) of this  study in  February  2004 and have
started  final data  collection  for the data  analysis.  This process  includes
validation and quality  assurance and should be completed by early 2005. As with
any experimental  drug being tested for use in treating human diseases,  the FDA
must approve the testing and clinical  protocols  employed and must render their
decision based on the safety and efficacy of the drug being tested. Historically
this is a long and costly process.  Our ME/CFS AMP 516 clinical study is a Phase
III study, which based on favorable  results,  will serve as the basis for us to
file a new drug  application  with the FDA.  The FDA review  process  could take
18-24 months and result in one of the  following  events;  1) approval to market
Ampligen(R)  for use in treating  ME/CFS  patients,  2) required more  research,
development,  and clinical  work,  3) approval to market as well as conduct more
testing,  or 4)reject our application.  Given these variables,  we are unable to
project when material net cash inflows are expected to commence from the sale of
Ampligen(R).

HIV

      The  Amp  720  HIV  study  is a  treatment  using  a  Strategic  Treatment
Interruption  (STI). The patients'  antiviral HAART regimens are interrupted and
Ampligen(R) is substituted as mono-immunotherapy. Ampligen(R) is an experimental
immunotherapeutic  designed  to display  both  antiviral  and  immune  enhancing
characteristics.  Prolonged use of Highly Active Antiretroviral  Therapy (HAART)
has been associated with long-term,  potentially fatal, toxicities. The clinical
study  AMP  720  is  designed  to  address  these  issues  by   evaluating   the
administration of our lead experimental  agent,  Ampligen(R),  a double stranded
RNA drug acting potentially both as an immunomodulator and antiviral.  Patients,
who have  completed at least nine months of  Ampligen(R)  therapy,  were able to
stay off HAART for a total STI duration  with a mean time of 29.0 weeks  whereas
the control group,  which was also taken off HAART,  but not given  Ampligen(R),
had earlier HIV rebound with a mean  duration of 18.7 weeks.  Thus,  on average,
Ampligen(R)  therapy spared the patients  excessive  exposure to HAART, with its
inherent toxicities,  for more than 11 weeks. As more patients are enrolled, the
related clinical costs will continue to increase with some offset to our overall
expenses  due to the  diminishing  cost  of the  ME/CFS  clinical  trial.  It is
difficult  to estimate  the  duration or  projected  costs of these two clinical
trials  due to the  many  variables  involved,  i.e.:  patient  drop  out  rate,
recruitment  of clinical  investigators,  etc. The length of the study and costs
related to our clinical trials cannot be determined at this time as such will be
materially  influenced  by (a) the number of  clinical  investigators  needed to
recruit and treat the required  number of  patients,  (b) the rate of accrual of
patients and (c) the retention of patients in the studies and their adherence to
the  study  protocol  requirements.   Under  optimal  conditions,  the  cost  of
completing the studies could be approximately $2.0 to $3.0 million.  The rate of
enrollment  depends  on  patient  availability  and on other  products  being in
clinical  trials for the treatment of HIV, as there is competition  for the same
patient  population.  At  present,  more  than  18 FDA  approved  drugs  for HIV
treatment  compete for available  patients.  The length,  and  subsequently  the
expense of these studies,  will also be determined by an analysis of the interim
data,  which  will  determine  when  completion  of  the  ongoing  Phase  IIb is
appropriate  and whether a Phase III trial be  conducted or not. In case a Phase
III study is required;  the FDA might require a patient population exceeding the
current one which will  influence  the cost and time of the trial.  Accordingly,
the number of "unknowns" is sufficiently  great to be unable to predict when, or
whether,  we will  complete  this  trial  and/or  obtain  revenues  from our HIV
treatment indications.

                                       60
<PAGE>

      In  September,  2004  we  commenced  a  clinical  trial  using  Alferon  N
Injection(R) to treat patients infected with the West Nile Virus. The infectious
Disease  section of New York Queens  Hospital and the Weill  Medical  College of
Cornell  University will be conducting this  double-blinded,  placebo controlled
trial.  During 2004,  over 2,000 human cases of West Nile Virus were reported in
40 states.

Manufacturing

      In order to  obtain  Ampligen(R)  raw  materials  of higher  quality  (GMP
certified)  and  on  a  more  regular  production  basis,  we  have  implemented
consolidation  and transfer of relevant  manufacturing  operations  into our New
Brunswick, New Jersey facility. This consolidation and transfer of manufacturing
operations has been implemented as a recent  inspection of the Ribotech facility
in South Africa,  our previous supplier of Ampligen(R) raw materials,  indicated
that it did not,  at  present,  meet the  necessary  GMP  standards  for a fully
certified   commercial  process.  The  transfer  of  Ampligen(R)  raw  materials
manufacture to our own facilities,  while having obvious advantages with respect
to  regulatory  compliance  (other  parts of the  43,000 sq.  ft.  wholly  owned
facility are already in  compliance  for  Alferon(R) N  manufacture),  may delay
certain  steps in the  commercialization  process,  specifically  a targeted NDA
filing.

      In connection with settling various manufacturing  infractions  previously
noted by the FDA, Schering entered into a "Consent Decree" with the FDA whereby,
among other things,  it agreed to  discontinue  various  contract  (third party)
manufacturing  activities at various  facilities  including its San Juan, Puerto
Rico,  plant.   Ampligen(R)  (which  was  not  involved  in  any  of  the  cited
infractions)  was  produced  at this  Puerto  Rico  plant  from year  2000-2004.
Operating  under  instructions  from the Consent  Decree,  Schering has recently
advised us that it would no longer  manufacture  Ampligen(R) in this facility at
the end of the  applicable  term (which is 4th quarter 2004) and would assist us
in an orderly transfer of said activities to other non Schering  facilities.  On
December  9,  2005,  we  executed  a  Supply   Agreement  with   Hollister-Stier
Laboratories LLC of Spokane,  Washington  ("Hollister-Stier"),  for the contract
manufacturing of Ampligen(R) for a five year term.  Pursuant to the agreement we
will supply the key raw materials and Hollister-Stier  will formulate and bottle
the Ampligen(R). In November 2005, we paid a $100,000 deposit upon executing the
agreement  in order to initiate  the  manufacturing  project.  We recorded  this
payment as a research  and  development  cost in 2005.  The  achievement  of the
initial objectives  described in the agreement,  in combination with our polymer
production facility under construction in New Brunswick,  N.J., may enable us to
manufacture the raw materials for approximately  10,000 doses of Ampligen(R) per
week. We executed a confidentiality  agreement with Hollister-Stier;  therefore,
we commenced the transfer of our  manufacturing  technology to  Hollister-Stier.
Currently,  Hollister-Stier  has  completed  two  pilot  manufacturing  runs  of
Ampligen(R) for stability testing.

                                       61
<PAGE>

      We have  identified  two other cGMP  production  facilities  in the United
States  capable  of  manufacturing  Ampligen(R).  Engagement  of either of these
facilities would provide back-up to  Hollister-Stier  and/or provide  additional
production  capacity if needed. We are reviewing proposals from these production
facilities and expect to act upon one or the other at the appropriate time.

      The purified drug  concentrate  utilized in the  formulation  of Alferon N
Injection(R)  is  manufactured  in our New  Brunswick,  New Jersey  facility and
Alferon N  Injection(R)  was  formulated  and packaged at a production  facility
formerly  owned and operated by Abbott  Laboratories  located in Kansas.  Abbott
Laboratories has sold the facility to Hospira.  Hospira  recently  completed the
production  of 11,590  vials.  Hospira is ceasing the labeling and  packaging of
Alferon N  Injection(R)  as they are  seeking  larger  production  runs for cost
efficiency  purposes.  We have identified two manufacturers  and, on February 8,
2006, we executed a  Manufacturing  and Safety  Agreement  with  Hyaluron,  Inc.
("Hyaluron") of Burlington,  Massachusetts,  for the formulation,  packaging and
labeling of Alferon N  Injection(R).  Pursuant to the Agreement,  we will supply
raw materials in sufficient  quantity and provide any pertinent  information  to
the project.

General and Administrative Expenses

      General and  Administrative  ("G&A")  expenses for the year ended December
31, 2004 and 2003 were  approximately  $6,164,000 and $4,257,000,  respectively.
The increase in G&A expenses of  $1,907,000  during this period is primarily due
to non-cash charges of $2,000,000 for stock compensation expenses in 2004. These
stock  compensation  charges  consisted of  $1,769,000  resulting  from warrants
issued to Dr.  Carter in 2003 that  vested in 2004 and  directors'  fees paid in
2004 of  $231,000.  The  warrants  noted above  vested upon the second ISI asset
closing which occurred on March 17, 2004. In addition,  investment  banking fees
relating to assistance in financing  matters  increased in 2004 as compared to a
period  early by  approximately  $124,000.  These  increases  were  offset  by a
decrease in service fees in 2004 of approximately $191,000 as compared to a year
earlier. These services fees related to the acquisition of ISI.

Impairment loss

      During the year ended December 31, 2004, we recorded a non-cash  charge of
$373,000 with respect to our investment in Chronix.  This impairment reduces our
carrying value to reflect a permanent decline in Chronix's market value based on
its then proposed investment offerings.

Other Income/Expense

      Interest  and other  income for the year ended  December 31, 2004 and 2003
totaled $49,000 and $80,000,  respectively. All funds in excess of our immediate
need are invested in short-term high quality securities.

                                       62
<PAGE>

Interest Expense and Financing Costs

      Interest  expense and financing  costs, as restated,  were $13,852,000 for
the year ended  December 31, 2004 versus  $6,821,000  for the same period a year
ago.  Non-cash  financing costs consist of the amortization of debenture closing
costs,  the  amortization  of Original Issue  Discounts and the  amortization of
costs associated with beneficial  conversion  features of our debentures and the
fair  value of the  warrants  relating  to the  Debentures.  These  charges  are
reflected  in the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Operations  under  the  caption
"Financing Costs."


Liquidity And Capital Resources

      Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2005 was
$7,236,000.  Cash provided by financing  activities  for the year ended December
31, 2005 amounted to  $8,034,000,  substantially  from proceeds from the sale of
common stock.  As of December 31, 2005, and March 28, 2006 we had  approximately
$16,204,000  and  $22,400,000  in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  short-term
investments,  respectively.  These  funds  should  be  sufficient  to  meet  our
operating cash requirements  including debt service for the near term.  However,
we may  need  to  raise  additional  funds  through  additional  equity  or debt
financing  or from other  sources in order to complete  the  necessary  clinical
trials and the regulatory  approval processes  including the  commercializing of
Ampligen(R)  products.  There can be no assurances  that we will raise  adequate
funds from these or other sources,  which may have a material  adverse effect on
our  ability to  develop  our  products.  Also,  we have the  ability to curtail
discretionary spending,  including some research and development activities,  if
required to conserve cash.

      Because of our long-term capital  requirements,  we may seek to access the
public equity market whenever  conditions are favorable,  even if we do not have
an immediate  need for additional  capital at that time. Any additional  funding
may result in significant  dilution and could involve the issuance of securities
with  rights,  which are senior to those of existing  stockholders.  We may also
need additional funding earlier than anticipated, and our cash requirements,  in
general, may vary materially from those now planned, for reasons including,  but
not limited to,  changes in our  research  and  development  programs,  clinical
trials,  competitive and technological  advances,  the regulatory  process,  and
higher  than  anticipated  expenses  and lower than  anticipated  revenues  from
certain of our clinical  trials for which cost  recovery from  participants  has
been approved.

FINANCING

      As of March 24, 2006,  the  investors  have made  installment  payments of
$2,388,888 and have converted an aggregate  $14,503,023 principal amount of debt
from the debentures as noted below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
                                                            Installment        Remaining      Common Shares     Common Shares
                       Original        Debt Conversion      payments in        Principal       issued for         issued in
    Debenture      Principal Amount   to Common Shares     Common Shares        Amount         Conversion        installments
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
<S>                 <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>                   <C>
Mar 2003            $      5,426,000   $      5,426,000   $              -   $            -        3,716,438                   -
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
Jul 2003                   5,426,000          5,426,000                  -                -        2,870,900                   -
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
Oct 2003                   4,142,357          2,071,178                  -        2,071,179        1,025,336                   -
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
Jan 2004                   4,000,000          1,079,845          1,888,888        1,031,268          507,257           1,094,149
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
Jul 2004                   2,000,000            500,000            500,000        1,000,000          240,385             331,669
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
Totals              $     20,994,357   $     14,503,023   $      2,388,888   $    4,102,447        8,360,316           1,425,818
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
</TABLE>


                                       63
<PAGE>

March 2003 Debenture

      On March 12,  2003,  we issued an  aggregate  of  $5,426,000  in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due January  2005 (the "March 2003
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 743,288 warrants to two investors in a private
placement for aggregate gross proceeds of $4,650,000.  The March 2003 Debentures
were to mature on January  31, 2005 and bore  interest at 6% per annum,  payable
quarterly in cash or,  subject to  satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common
stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as payment of interest
were valued at 95% of the average  closing  price of the common stock during the
five  consecutive  business  days ending on the third  business day  immediately
preceding  the  applicable  interest  payment  date.  Pursuant  to the terms and
conditions  of the March 2003  Debentures,  we pledged all of our assets,  other
than our  intellectual  property,  as collateral and were subject to comply with
certain financial and negative covenants,  which include but were not limited to
the repayment of principal  balances upon achieving certain revenue  milestones.
The March 2003 debenture,  at issuance, was recorded at a discount of $4,194,520
due  to  the  fair  value  ascribed  to  the   detachable   warrants  using  the
Black-Scholes Method and the effect of a beneficial conversion feature.

      The March 2003 Debentures were  convertible at the option of the investors
at any time  through  January  31,  2005 into  shares of our common  stock.  The
conversion  price under the March 2003  Debentures was fixed at $1.46 per share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion price then in effect.

      The investors also received  Warrants to acquire at any time through March
12, 2008 an aggregate of 743,288  shares of common stock at a price of $1.68 per
share. All of these warrants have been exercised.

      On June 25, 2003,  we issued to each of the March 2003  Debenture  holders
warrants to acquire at any time  through June 25, 2008 an aggregate of 1,000,000
shares of common stock at a price of $2.40 per share (the "June 2008 Warrants").
These  warrants were issued as incentive  for the debenture  holders to exercise
prior warrant issuances.  This issuance, as restated,  resulted in an additional
debt discount to the March 2003  Debentures  of $1,320,000 to be amortized  over
the remaining life of the debenture or in the event of conversion written off to
financing costs on pro-rata basis. Pursuant to our agreement with the March 2003
Debenture holders, we registered the shares issuable upon exercise of these June
2008 Warrants for public sale.

      On May 14, 2004, in  consideration  for the March 2003 Debenture  holders'
exercise of all of the June 2008  Warrants,  we issued to the  holders  warrants
(the "May 2009  Warrants")  to purchase an aggregate of 1,300,000  shares of our
common  stock.  We issued  1,000,000  shares of common stock and received  gross
proceeds of $2,400,000 from the exercise of the June 2008 Warrants.

                                       64
<PAGE>

      The May 2009  Warrants are to acquire at any time  commencing  on November
14, 2004 through April 30, 2009 an aggregate of 1,300,000 shares of common stock
at a price of $4.50 per share.  This transaction  generated a non-cash charge of
approximately  $2,355,000 in financing  costs during the second quarter of 2004.
This was written  off as the March 2003  Debenture  holders had fully  converted
their note in 2003.  Upon  completion of the August 2004 Private  Placement (see
below), the exercise price was lowered to $4.008 per share. On May 14, 2005, the
exercise  price of these May 2009  Warrants was reset again to the lesser of the
exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the average of the daily price
of the common stock  between May 15, 2004 and May 13, 2005.  The exercise  price
(and the reset price) under the May 2009 Warrants also is subject to adjustments
for   anti-dilution   protection   similar  to  those  in  the  other  Warrants.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  exercise  price as reset or adjusted  for
anti-dilution,  will in no event be less than  $4.008 per share.  We recorded an
additional  charge to financing costs of $39,000 to account for the reset of the
exercise price of these warrants.

      As of December 31, 2003, the investors had converted the total  $5,426,000
principal  of the March  2003  Debentures  into  3,716,438  shares of our common
stock. Financing costs and interest expense incurred for the year ended December
31, 2003,  on the March 2003  Debenture  amounted to  $3,703,166  and  $112,000,
respectively.  The  interest due on this  debenture  was paid in cash of $17,000
with  $94,000  being paid by the  issuance  of shares of our common  stock.  The
investor  exercised  all  743,288  warrants  in July 2003 which  produced  gross
proceeds in the amount of approximately $1,249,000.


July 2003 Debenture

      On July 10, 2003, we issued an aggregate of $5,426,000 in principal amount
of  6%  Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due  July  31,  2005  (the  "July  2003
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 507,102 Warrants (the "July 2008 Warrants") in
a private placement for aggregate proceeds of $4,650,000.  Pursuant to the terms
of the July 2003  Debentures,  $1,550,000  of the proceeds  from the sale of the
July 2003 Debentures were to have been held back and released to us if, and only
if, we  acquired  ISI's  facility  with in a set  timeframe.  These  funds  were
released to us in October 2003  although we had not acquired  ISI's  facility at
that time. The July 2003  Debentures  matured on July 31, 2005 and bore interest
at 6% per  annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash or,  subject to  satisfaction  of
certain  conditions,  common  stock.  Any shares of common  stock  issued to the
investors as payment of interest were valued at 95% of the average closing price
of the common  stock  during the five  consecutive  business  days ending on the
third business day immediately  preceding the applicable  interest payment date.
The July 2003 debenture,  at issuance,  was recorded at a discount of $3,587,000
due to the fair value ascribed to the warrant using Black-Scholes Method and the
effect of a beneficial conversion feature.

      The July 2003 Debentures  were  convertible at the option of the investors
at any time  through  July  31,  2005  into  shares  of our  common  stock.  The
conversion  price under the July 2003  Debentures  was fixed at $2.14 per share;
however,  as part of the subsequent  debenture  placement  closed on October 29,
2003 (see  below),  the  conversion  price  under the July 2003  Debentures  was
lowered to $1.89 per share.  The conversion  price was subject to adjustment for
anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock or securities convertible
or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than the conversion price then
in effect.  In addition,  in the event that we did pay the  redemption  price at
maturity, the Debenture holders, at their option, may have converted the balance
due at the lower of (a) the  conversion  price then in effect and (b) 95% of the
lowest  closing  sale price of our common  stock  during the three  trading days
ending on and  including  the  conversion  date.  In 2003,  we  recorded  a debt
discount of approximately  $741,000 upon the conversion price reset to $1.89 per
share.  The additional debt discount is amortized over the remaining life of the
debenture  or in the event of a conversion  written off to financing  costs on a
pro-rata basis.

                                       65
<PAGE>

      The July 2008  Warrants  received by the  investors,  as amended,  were an
aggregate of 507,102  shares of common stock at a price of $2.46 per share.  The
amended  Warrants did not result in any  additional  debt.  These  Warrants were
exercised  in  July  2004  which  produced  gross  proceeds  in  the  amount  of
$1,247,000.

      As of December 31, 2004, the investors had converted the total  $5,426,000
principal of the July Debentures into 2,870,900 shares of common stock.

      We  recorded  financing  costs for the years ended  December  31, 2004 and
2003,  with regard to the July 2003  Debentures  of $2,516,000  and  $1,281,000,
respectively. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2003, with regard
to the July 2003 Debentures was $117,000.

October 2003 Debenture

      On October 29, 2003,  we issued an aggregate  of  $4,142,357  in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due October 31, 2005 (the "October
2003  Debentures")  and an  aggregate of 410,134  Warrants  (the  "October  2008
Warrants") in a private  placement for aggregate  gross  proceeds of $3,550,000.
Pursuant to the terms of the October 2003 Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds
from the sale of the  October  2003  Debentures  were  held  back and were to be
released to us if, and only if, we  acquired  ISI's  facility  within 90 days of
January 26, 2004 and provide a mortgage on the facility as further  security for
the October  2003  Debentures.  In April 2004,  we acquired  the facility and we
subsequently  provided the mortgage of the facility to the Debenture holders and
the above funds were  released.  The October 2003  Debentures  were to mature on
October 31, 2005 and bore  interest at 6% per annum,  payable  quarterly in cash
or, subject to satisfaction of certain  conditions,  common stock. Any shares of
common stock issued to the  investors as payment of interest  shall be valued at
95% of the average closing price of the common stock during the five consecutive
business  days  ending on the  third  business  day  immediately  preceding  the
applicable interest payment date. The October 2003 debenture,  at issuance,  was
recorded  at a discount  of  $3,177,000  due to the fair value  ascribed  to the
warrants  using  Black-Scholes  and  the  effect  of the  beneficial  conversion
feature.

      In October 2005, we entered into an amendment  agreement  with the October
2003 Debenture  holders to amend the maturity date from October 31, 2005 to June
30, 2007, and increase the interest rate from 6% to 7% (see "Debenture Agreement
Amendment" below for more details).

      Upon  completing  the sale of the  October  2003  Debentures,  we received
$3,275,000  in net  proceeds  consisting  of  $1,725,000  from the October  2003
Debentures and $1,550,000 that had been withheld from the July 2003  Debentures.
As noted above, pursuant to the terms of the October 2003 Debentures, $1,550,000
of the proceeds from the sale of the October 2003 Debentures had been held back.
However,  these  proceeds  were released to us in April 2004. As required by the
Debentures,  we have provided a mortgage on the ISI facility as further security
for the Debentures.

                                       66
<PAGE>

      The October 2003 Debentures are convertible at the option of the investors
at any time  through  October  31,  2005 into  shares of our common  stock.  The
conversion  price under the October 2003 Debentures is fixed at $2.02 per share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion  price then in effect.  In addition,  in the event that we do not
pay the redemption price at maturity,  the Debenture  holders,  at their option,
may convert the  balance  due at the lower of (a) the  conversion  price then in
effect and (b) 95% of the lowest  closing  sale price of our common stock during
the three trading days ending on and including the conversion date.

      The October 2008 Warrants,  as amended,  received by the investors were to
acquire an aggregate  of 410,134  shares of common stock at a price of $2.32 per
share.  The  amended  Warrants  resulted  in  an  additional  debt  discount  of
approximately  $53,000 in 2004 to be amortized  over the  remaining  life of the
October 2003 debenture or in the event of conversion be written off to financing
costs on a pro-rata  basis.  These  Warrants  were  exercised in July 2004 which
produced gross proceeds in the amount of approximately $952,000.

      As noted  above,  on July 13, 2004,  in  consideration  for the  Debenture
holders' exercise of all of the July 2003 and October 2003 Warrants amounting to
approximately  $2,199,000 in gross proceeds, we issued to these holders warrants
(the "June 2009  Warrants")  to purchase an  aggregate  of  1,300,000  shares of
common stock since the July 2003 debenture was fully converted in July 2004. The
issuance  of these  warrants  resulted  in an  additional  debt  discount to the
October 2003 Debenture,  as restated,  of $1,515,000 and a financing  charge, as
restated,  of  $2,128,000.  The additional  debt discount of $1,515,000  will be
amortized over the remaining life of the debenture.

      The June 2009  Warrants are to acquire at any time  commencing  on January
13, 2005 through June 30, 2009 an aggregate of 1,300,000  shares of common stock
at a price of $3.75 per share.  On July 13, 2005,  the  exercise  price of these
June 2009 Warrants was reset to the lesser of the exercise  price then in effect
or a price equal to the average of the daily price of the common  stock  between
July 14, 2004 and July 12, 2005.  The exercise price (and the reset price) under
the  June  2009  Warrants  also is  subject  to  adjustments  for  anti-dilution
protection  similar  to  those  in  the  other  Warrants.   Notwithstanding  the
foregoing, the exercise price as reset or adjusted for anti-dilution, will in no
event be less than $3.33 per share.  Upon  completion of the August 2004 Private
Placement  (see below),  the exercise  price was lowered to $3.33 per share.  We
agreed to register the shares  issuable  upon exercise of the June 2009 Warrants
pursuant to substantially  the same terms as the registration  rights agreements
between us and the holders.  Pursuant to this obligation, we have registered the
shares.

      We have paid  $1,300,000  into the debenture  cash  collateral  account as
required by the terms of the October 2003  Debentures.  The amounts paid through
December  31,  2005 have  been  accounted  for as  advances  receivable  and are
reflected as such on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2005. The
cash  collateral   account  provides  partial  security  for  repayment  of  the
outstanding Debentures in the event of default.

      As of December 31, 2005, the investors had converted  $2,071,178 principal
amount of the October 2003 Debenture into 1,025,336  shares of Common Stock. The
remaining  balance of $2,071,178 is convertible  into 1,025,336 shares of common
stock.

                                       67
<PAGE>

      We recorded  financing  costs for the years ended December 31, 2005,  2004
and 2003, with regard to the October 2003  Debentures of $1,142,000,  $1,212,000
and $274,000,  respectively.  Interest  expense for the years ended December 31,
2005,  2004 and 2003,  with regard to the October 2003  Debentures was $129,000,
$118,000 and $24,000, respectively.

January 2004 Debenture

      On January 26, 2004,  we issued an aggregate  of  $4,000,000  in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due January 31, 2006 (the "January
2004  Debentures"),  an aggregate of 790,514 warrants (the "July 2009 Warrants")
and  158,103  shares of common  stock,  and  Additional  Investment  Rights  (to
purchase  up to an  additional  $2,000,000  principal  amount  of  January  2004
Debentures  commencing  in six months) in a private  placement for aggregate net
proceeds of $3,695,000.  The January 2004 Debentures  mature on January 31, 2006
and bear  interest at 6% per annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash or,  subject to
satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock
issued to the  investors  as payment of  interest  shall be valued at 95% of the
average closing price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business
days ending on the third  business  day  immediately  preceding  the  applicable
interest  payment  date.  Pursuant to the terms of the January 2004  debentures,
commencing  July 26,  2004,  we began to repay  the then  outstanding  principal
amount under the Debentures in monthly installments  amortized over 18 months in
cash or, at our option,  in shares of common  stock.  Any shares of common stock
issued to the investors as  installment  payments  shall be valued at 95% of the
average  closing  price of the common  stock  during the 10-day  trading  period
commencing on and including the eleventh  trading day immediately  preceding the
date that the installment is due. The January 2004 debenture,  at issuance,  was
recorded at a discount of $2,463,000 due to the fair value of the warrants using
Black-Scholes and the effect of the beneficial conversion feature.

      The January 2004 Debentures are convertible at the option of the investors
at any time  through  January  31,  2006 into  shares of our common  stock.  The
conversion price under the January 2004 Debentures was fixed at $2.53 per share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion  price then in effect.  In addition,  in the event that we do not
pay the redemption price at maturity,  the Debenture  holders,  at their option,
may convert the  balance  due at the lower of (a) the  conversion  price then in
effect and (b) 95% of the lowest  closing  sale price of our common stock during
the three  trading  days  ending on and  including  the  conversion  date.  Upon
completion  of the August  2004  Private  Placement,  the  conversion  price was
lowered to $2.08 per share.  We recorded an additional debt discount as restated
(see Note 2), of approximately $915,000 due to this conversion price reset.

      In October 2005, we entered into an amendment  agreement  with the January
2004 Debenture  holders to amend the maturity date from October 31, 2005 to June
30, 2007, and increase the interest rate from 6% to 7% (see "Debenture Agreement
Amendment" below for more details).

      There are two classes of July 2009  Warrants  received  by the  Investors:
Class A and Class B. The Class A warrants  are to acquire any time from July 26,
2004 through July 26, 2009 an aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common stock
at a price of $3.29 per share. The Class B warrants are to acquire any time from
July 26, 2004  through  July 26, 2009 an  aggregate  of up to 395,257  shares of
common stock at a price of $5.06 per share.  On January 27,  2005,  the exercise
price of these July 2009  Class A and Class B Warrants  were reset to the lesser
of their  respective  exercise  price  then in  effect  or a price  equal to the
average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between  January  27, 2004 and
January 26, 2005.  The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the July 2009
Warrants also is subject to similar  adjustments for  anti-dilution  protection.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  exercise  prices as reset or adjusted for
anti-dilution, will in no event be less than $2.58 per share. Upon completion of
the August 2004 Private  Placement  (see Note 9), the exercise price was lowered
to $2.58 per share.  In 2004,  as restated,  and 2005, we recorded an additional
charge to financing costs of $108,000 and $228,000 respectively,  to account for
the reset of the exercise price of the July 2009 warrants to $2.58 per share.

                                       68
<PAGE>

      As of December 31, 2005,  the investors had made  installment  payments of
$1,888,888  and  converted   $746,510  principal  amount  of  the  January  2004
Debentures into 1,094,149 and 347,000 shares of common stock, respectively.  The
remaining principal on these debentures was $1,364,602 as of December 31, 2005.

      We recorded financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004
with  regard to the  January  2004  Debentures  of  $1,486,000  and  $1,750,000,
respectively.  Interest  expense for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004,
with  regard  to  the  January  2004   Debentures  was  $145,000  and  $207,000,
respectively.


July 2004 Debentures

      Pursuant to the Additional Investment Rights issued in connection with the
January 2004 and July 2004 debentures,  we issued to the investors an additional
$2,000,000   principal   amount  of  January  2004  Debentures  (the  July  2004
Debentures").  The July  2004  Debentures  are  identical  to the  January  2004
Debentures  except that the conversion price is $2.58.  The investors  exercised
the Additional  Investment  Rights on July 13, 2004 and we received net proceeds
of  $1,860,000.  Upon  completion  of the August  2004  Private  Placement , the
conversion price was lowered to $2.08 per share.  The July 2004  debentures,  at
issuance, were recorded at a discount of $628,000 due to the embedded conversion
feature and the fair value of the warrants  utilizing the Black-Scholes  Method.
We recorded a reduction  in debt  discount of  approximately  $628,000  upon the
conversion  price reset to $2.08 per share,  which is being  amortized  over the
remaining life of the debenture.

      In October 2005, we entered into an amendment agreement with the July 2004
Debenture  holders to amend the maturity  date from October 31, 2005 to June 30,
2007,  and increase the interest  rate from 6% to 7% (see  "Debenture  Agreement
Amendment" below for more details).

      As of  December  31,  2005,  we  made  installment  payments  of  $500,000
resulting in the issuance of 331,669  shares of our common stock.  The Debenture
holders had not converted any portion of this debenture as of December 31, 2005.

      We recorded financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004
with regard to the July 2004 Debentures of $808,000 and $297,000,  respectively.
Interest  expense for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, with regard to
the January 2004 Debentures was $113,000 and $61,000, respectively.

                                       69
<PAGE>

Debenture Agreement Amendment

      On October 6, 2005, we entered into a material  definitive  agreement with
the October 2003,  January 2004 and July 2004 debenture  holders to 1) amend the
remaining  outstanding  debentures  that were to mature on October  31, 2005 (as
amended,  the  "Series  A  Debenture")  and the  two  traunches  of  outstanding
debentures  due to mature on January 31,  2006 (as  amended,  respectively,  the
"Series B and Series C Debentures"),  to a maturity date of June 30, 2007, 2) to
increase the interest rate from 6% per annum to 7% per annum.  In  consideration
for  extending  the maturity date of the  outstanding  debentures,  we issued an
aggregate of 225,000  Warrants (the  "October  2009  Warrants") to the debenture
holders to acquire  common  stock at a price of $2.50 per share at any time from
October 31, 2005 through  October 31, 2009.  The October 2009  Warrants  contain
provisions  for  adjustment  of the  exercised  price in the  event  of  certain
anti-dilution  events.  We agreed to  register  135% of the shares  issuable  as
interest  shares that might result due to the  amendments to the  Debentures and
issuable upon exercise of the October 2009 Warrants.

      The  above  transaction  and  amendment  to  the  existing  terms  of  the
above-mentioned debentures would fall under EITF 96-19, "Debtor's Accounting for
a Modification or Exchange of Debt Instruments". This EITF discussed and reached
a consensus  that a substantial  modification  of terms should be accounted for,
and reported in the same manner as, an  extinguishment.  Any  modification  of a
debt instrument  between a debtor and creditor in a non-troubled  debt situation
is deemed to be a substantial modification in the event the present value of the
cash flows under the new terms of the new debt instrument is at least 10 percent
different  from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of
the original instrument.  In the event the cash flow effect of the present value
basis is less than 10 percent,  the debt  instruments  are not  considered to be
substantially  different.  The discount rate to be used to calculate the present
value of the cash flows is the  effective  interest  rate of the  original  debt
instrument.  Accordingly,  we have  treated the change in terms to the  original
debentures  as  non-substantial  in  nature  and  have  not  accounted  for such
modification as an  extinguishment of debt, but rather a debt  modification.  In
addition,  the 225,000 warrants issued to the debenture holders as consideration
for extending the maturity date were valued using the  Black-Scholes  method was
$556,000 and recorded as additional  debt  discount on the July 2004  Debenture.
The discount will be amortized as interest expense over the new term of the debt
instrument. Any costs incurred by third parties were expensed as incurred.

Registration Rights Agreements

      We entered  into  Registration  Rights  Agreements  with the  investors in
connection  with the issuance of (i) the above  Debentures;  (ii) the June 2008,
July 2008,  October 2008,  July 2009, and May 2009 Warrants  (collectively,  the
"Warrants");  and (iii) the  shares  issued in  January  2004.  Pursuant  to the
Registration Rights Agreements we have registered on behalf of the investors the
shares  issued to them in  January  2004 and 135% of the  shares  issuable  upon
conversion  of the  Debentures  and upon  exercise of all of the  Warrants.  If,
subject to certain exceptions,  sales of all shares so registered cannot be made
pursuant to the registration statements,  then we will be required to pay to the
investors their pro rata share of $.00067 times the outstanding principal amount
of the relevant Debentures for each day the above condition exists.

Investment Banking Fees

      By agreement with Cardinal Securities, LLC, for general financial advisory
services and in conjunction  with the private  debenture  placements in July and
October 2003 and in January and July 2004, we paid Cardinal  Securities,  LLC an
investment  banking  fee equal to 7% of the  investments  made by the  Debenture
holders and issued to Cardinal the following  warrants to purchase common stock:
(i) 112,500 exercisable at $2.57 per share; (ii) 87,500 exercisable at $2.42 per
share;  and (iii) 100,000  exercisable  at $3.04 per share.  The $2.57  warrants
expire on July 10, 2008, the $2.42  warrants  expire on October 29, 2008 and the
$3.04  warrants  expire on January 5, 2009.  With regard to the  exercise of the
June 2008 Warrants and issuance of the May 2009 Warrants,  Cardinal  received an
investment  banking fee of 7%,  half in cash and half in shares.  With regard to
the exercise of the Additional Investment Rights, the July 2008 and October 2008
Warrants and issuance of the July 2009 Warrants, Cardinal received an investment
banking  fee of 7%,  $146,980  in cash and  22,703  in  shares as well as 50,000
warrants  exercisable  at $4.07  expiring on July 12, 2009.  By  agreement  with
Cardinal,  we have  registered all of the foregoing  shares and shares  issuable
upon exercise of the above mentioned  warrants for public resale. As a result of
all of the transactions  discussed above, we recorded  $715,000,  as restated as
deferred financing costs on the balance sheet.

                                       70
<PAGE>

Section 713 of the American Stock Exchange Company Guide

      As discussed  below,  Section 713 of the American Stock Exchange  ("AMEX")
Company Guide provides that we must obtain stockholder approval before issuance,
at a price  per  share  below  market  value,  of common  stock,  or  securities
convertible  into common stock,  equal to 20% or more of our outstanding  common
stock (the "Exchange  Cap").  The Debentures and Warrants have  provisions  that
require  us to pay  cash  in lieu  of  issuing  shares  upon  conversion  of the
Debentures  or exercise of the  Warrants if we are  prevented  from issuing such
shares because of the Exchange Cap. In May 2004, the Debenture holders agreed to
amend the  provisions  of these  Debentures  and  Warrants  to limit the maximum
amount of funds that the holders could receive in lieu of shares upon conversion
of the Debentures and/or exercise of the Warrants in the event that the Exchange
Cap was reached to 119.9% of the conversion price of the relevant Debentures and
19.9% of the  relevant  Warrant  exercise  price.  See below for the  accounting
effect on this matter.

      Taken  separately,  the March,  July,  October and January 2004  debenture
transactions  do not trigger  Section 713.  However,  the AMEX took the position
that these transactions should be aggregated and, as such,  stockholder approval
was required  for the  issuance of common  stock for a portion of the  potential
exercise of the warrants and conversion of the Debentures in connection with the
January 2004 Debentures. The amount of potential shares that we could exceed the
Exchange Cap amounted to approximately 1,299,000. In accordance with EITF 00-19,
Accounting  For  Derivative  Financial  Instruments  Indexed to and  Potentially
Settled in a Company's Own Stock,  we recorded on January 26, 2004, a redemption
obligation of  approximately  $1,244,000.  This liability  represented  the fair
market value of the warrants and beneficial  conversion  feature  related to the
1,299,000 shares.

      In addition,  in accordance  with EITF 00-19,  we revalued this redemption
obligation  associated with the beneficial conversion feature and warrants as of
March 31, 2004.  We recorded an  additional  redemption  obligation  and finance
charge of $947,000 as a result of this revaluation.  Upon stockholder  approval,
our redemption  obligation was recorded as additional  paid in capital as of the
date approval was received.

      The requisite  stockholder  approval was obtained at our Annual Meeting of
Stockholders  on June 23, 2004. In accordance  with EITF 00-19, we revalued this
redemption  obligation  associated  with the beneficial  conversion  feature and
warrants  as of June 23,  2004.  We  recorded  a  reduction  in the value of the
redemption  obligation  and  financing  charge of  $260,000  as a result of this
revaluation.  In addition,  upon receiving the requisite  stockholder  approval,
this redemption  obligation was reclassified as additional paid in capital as of
the date the approval was received or June 23, 2004.

                                       71
<PAGE>

Accounting Guidance

      The March,  July,  October,  January  2004 and July 2004  issuances  of 6%
Senior   Convertible   Debentures  in  the  principal   amounts  of  $5,426,000,
$5,426,000,  $4,142,357 and $4,000,000 and $2,000,000  respectively  and related
embedded  conversion  features  and warrants  issuances  were  accounted  for in
accordance with EITF 98-5: Accounting for convertible securities with beneficial
conversion  features  or  contingency  adjustable  conversion  and with EITF No.
00-27:  Application  of issue No. 98-5 to Certain  convertible  instruments.  We
determined the fair values to be ascribed to detachable warrants issued with the
convertible debentures utilizing the Black-Scholes method. In addition, upon the
debenture  holders  conversion  of any debt  principle,  we would  write off the
pro-rata portion of the debt discount applicable to the conversion.

Collateral and Financial Covenants

      Pursuant to the terms and conditions of all of the outstanding Debentures,
we have  pledged all of our assets,  other than our  intellectual  property,  as
collateral, and we are subject to comply with certain financial covenants. As of
December 31, 2005, we was in compliance with debt covenants contained within our
debenture agreements.

      In connection with the Debenture agreements, we has outstanding letters of
credit of $1 million as additional collateral.


Equity Financings

      On August 5, 2004, we closed a private placement with select institutional
investors ("August 2004 Private Placement") of approximately 3,617,300 shares of
Common  Stock and  warrants  to  purchase an  aggregate  of up to  approximately
1,085,200 shares of Common Stock.  Jefferies & Company,  Inc. acted as Placement
Agent for which it  received a fee and  warrants to purchase  Common  Stock.  We
raised approximately $6,984,000 net proceeds from this private offering.

      The Warrant issued to each  purchaser is exercisable  for up to 30% of the
number of shares of Common  Stock  purchased by such  Purchaser,  at an exercise
price  equal to $2.86 per share.  Each  Warrant  has a term of five years and is
fully exercisable from the date of issuance. Pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement,  made and entered into as of August 5, 2004 (the "Rights Agreement"),
we  registered  the resales of the shares  issued to the  Purchasers  and shares
issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

      By agreement with Cardinal Securities, LLC, for general financial advisory
services and in conjunction  with the August 2004 Private  Placement with select
institutional investors, we paid Cardinal Securities,  LLC an investment banking
fee of $140,000. We paid Cardinal one-half of the fee in cash with the remainder
being  paid with the  issuance  of 50,000  warrants  to  purchase  common  stock
exercisable  at $2.50 per share  expiring on March 31, 2010 and 46,667 shares of
common stock.  By agreement  with  Cardinal,  we registered all of the foregoing
shares and shares  issuable  upon exercise of the above  mentioned  warrants for
public resale.

                                       72
<PAGE>

      Closing of the August 2004 Private  Placement  triggered the anti-dilution
provisions of the January 2004  Debentures and the July 2004  Debentures and the
July 2009 Warrants and the June 2009 Warrants.  The conversion  price adjustment
for the  Debentures  noted above  resulted in an adjustment of $1,320,000 in the
third  quarter 2004 to the  Debenture  discount and  additional  paid-in-capital
using the Black-Scholes Method. Any adjustment to the Debenture discount will be
amortized over the remaining life of the Debentures.

      On July 8, 2005, we entered into a common stock  purchase  agreement  with
Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC ("Fusion Capital"), pursuant to which Fusion Capital
agreed, under certain conditions, to purchase on each trading day $40,000 of our
common  stock,  unless our stock price equals or exceeds $2.00 in which case the
daily  amount may be  increased  under  certain  conditions  as the price of the
common stock increases, up to an aggregate of $20.0 million over approximately a
25 month  period,  subject  to earlier  termination  at our  discretion.  In our
discretion,  we may elect to sell less common  stock to Fusion  Capital than the
daily  amount and we may  increase  the daily  amount as the market price of our
stock increases.  The purchase price of the shares of common stock will be equal
to a price based upon the future  market price of the common  stock  without any
fixed  discount to the market price.  Fusion  Capital does not have the right or
the  obligation  to  purchase  shares of our common  stock in the event that the
price of the common  stock is less than  $1.00.  Since we  initially  registered
10,000,000  shares  purchasable by Fusion  Capital  pursuant to the common stock
purchase agreement, the selling price of our common stock to Fusion Capital will
have to average at least $2.00 per share for us to receive the maximum  proceeds
of $20.0 million without  registering  additional  shares of common stock. As of
March 24,  2006,  we need an  average  selling  price of $0.99 per share for the
remainder of the agreement to realize the  $20,000,000 in proceeds.  The closing
price of our stock was $3.78 on March 24, 2006.

      Pursuant to our agreement  with Fusion  Capital,  we registered for public
sale by Fusion Capital up to 10,795,597 shares of our common stock.  However, in
the event that we decide to issue more than 10,113,278, i.e. greater than 19.99%
of the  outstanding  shares of common stock as of the date of the agreement,  we
would first seek stockholder approval in order to be in compliance with American
Stock  Exchange  rules.  As of March 24,  2006,  Fusion  Capital  has  purchased
8,211,508 shares amounting to $18,230,011 in our receipt of gross proceeds.

      In connection  with entering into the above agreement with Fusion Capital,
in July  2005,  we issued  to Fusion  Capital  402,798  shares of common  stock.
392,798 of these shares represented 50% of the commitment fee due Fusion Capital
with the  remaining  10,000  shares issued as  reimbursement  for  expenses.  An
additional 392,799 shares, representing the remaining balance of the commitment,
are  issuable in  conjunction  with daily  purchases  of common  stock by Fusion
Capital. These additional commitment shares will be issued in an amount equal to
the product of (x) 392,799 and (y) the Purchase Amount  Fraction.  The "Purchase
Amount Fraction" means a fraction,  the numerator of which is the purchase price
at which the shares are being purchased by Fusion Capital and the denominator of
which is  $20,000,000.  As of March 24, 2006,  Fusion Capital was issued 358,036
shares towards this remaining commitment fee.

                                       73
<PAGE>

ASSET ACQUISITIONS

      In March  2003,  we  acquired  from  ISI,  ISI's  inventory  of  Alferon N
Injection(R)  and a  limited  license  for  the  production,  manufacture,  use,
marketing and sale of this product. As partial consideration,  we issued 487,028
shares of our common  stock to ISI.  Pursuant  to our  agreements  with ISI,  we
registered  these  shares for public sale and ISI  reported  that it sold all of
these  shares.  We also  agreed  to pay ISI 6% of the net  sales  of  Alferon  N
Injection(R).

      In March 2003,  we also entered into an agreement to purchase from ISI all
of its rights to the product and other assets related to the product  including,
but not limited to, real estate and  machinery.  For these assets,  we issued to
ISI an additional  487,028 shares and issued 314,465 shares and 267,296  shares,
respectively to the American  National Red Cross and GP Strategies  Corporation,
two creditors of ISI. We guaranteed  the market value of all but 62,500 of these
shares to be $1.59 per share on the termination date. ISI, GP Strategies and the
American National Red Cross reported that they sold all of their shares.

      Pursuant to the acquisition  agreement,  we satisfied other liabilities of
ISI which were past due and  secured by a lien on ISI's real estate and pays ISI
a 6% royalty on the net sales of products containing natural alpha interferon.

      On May 30, 2003,  we issued the shares to GP  Strategies  and the American
National Red Cross. Pursuant to our agreements with ISI and these two creditors,
we registered the foregoing  shares for public sale. As a result at December 31,
2003 the guaranteed value of these shares ($491,000), which had not been sold by
these two creditors,  were  reclassified to redeemable common stock. At December
31, 2004,  all shares had been sold by these two  creditors  and the  redeemable
common stock was reclassified to equity.

      On November 6, 2003, we acquired and  subsequently  paid, the  outstanding
ISI property tax lien  certificates  in the  aggregate  amount of $457,000  from
certain investors.  These tax liens were issued for property taxes and utilities
due for 2000, 2001 and 2002.

      In March 2004, we issued 487,028 shares to ISI to complete the acquisition
of the balance of ISI's  rights to market its product as well as its  production
facility  in New  Brunswick,  New Jersey.  ISI has sold all of its  shares.  The
aggregated cost of the land and buildings was approximately $3,316,000. The cost
of the land and buildings was allocated as follows:

              Land                                          $ 423,000

              Buildings                                     2,893,000
                                                            ---------

              Total cost                                  $ 3,316,000
                                                          ===========


      We accounted for these  transactions as a Business  Combination under SFAS
No. 141 Accounting for Business Combinations.

      Please see Note 5 - "Acquisition of Assets of Interferon Sciences,  Inc.";
Note  8 -  "Debenture  Financing"  and  Note  9  "Stockholder's  Equity"  in the
consolidated  financial  statements  contained  herein  for more  details on our
acquisition of assets as well as our debenture and stock financings.

                                       74
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       (dollars in thousands)
                                                                   Obligations Expiring by Period
        Contractual Cash Obligations        ===========================================================================

                                                      Total                   2006                   2007-2008
                                            ========================= ===================== ===========================
<S>                                                        <C>                    <C>                        <C>
Operating Leases                             $              258       $            193       $                65

Convertible Debentures

October 2003 ("Series A")                                 2,072                                            2,072

January 2004 ("Series B")                                 1,364                                            1,364

July 2004 ("Series C")                                    1,500                                            1,500
                                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total                                       ========================= ===================== ===========================
                                             $            5,194      = $           193      =  $           5,001
</TABLE>

New Accounting Pronouncements

      On  December  2004,  the FASB issued  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting
Standards No. 123 (Revised 2004),  "Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS 123R"). On April
14, 2005,  the Securities  and Exchange  Commission  issued an amendment to Rule
4-01 of  Regulation  S-X that allows  companies  to  implement  SFAS 123R at the
beginning of their next fiscal year,  instead of the next reporting  period that
begins after June 15, 2005 as originally  required.  Accordingly,  we will adopt
SFAS 123R effective January 1, 2006 using the "modified  prospective"  method in
which compensation cost is recognized  beginning with the effective date base on
(a) the requirements of SFAS 123R for all share-based payments granted after the
effective  date and (b) the  requirements  of SFAS 123 for all awards granted to
employees  prior to the effective date of SFAS 123R that remain  unvested on the
effective date. In addition,  we expect to continue to utilize the Black-Scholes
option-pricing   model,  which  is  an  acceptable  option  valuation  model  in
accordance  with SFAS 123R,  to estimate the value of stock  options  granted to
employees.

      Beyond those restricted stock and stock option awards previously  granted,
we  cannot  predict  with  certainty  the  impact  of SFAS  123R  on its  future
consolidated  financial  statements  as the type and  amount of such  awards are
determined on an annual basis and encompass a potentially  wide range  depending
upon the  compensation  decisions made by the Human  Resources  Committee of our
Board of Directors.  SFAS 123R also  requires the benefits of tax  deductions in
excess  of  compensation  cost  recognized  in the  financial  statements  to be
reported  as a  financing  cash  flow,  rather  than an  operating  cash flow as
currently  required under  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 95,
"Statement  of Cash  Flows"  ("SFAS  95").  This  requirement,  to the extent it
exists,  will decrease net operating  cash flows and increase net financing cash
flows in periods  subsequent to adoption.  We cannot estimate what those amounts
will be in the future because they depend on, among other things, when employees
exercise stock options.

      On March 29, 2005, the SEC issued Staff Accounting  Bulletin No. 107 ("SAB
107") which  expresses the view of the SEC Staff  regarding the  interaction  of
SFAS 123R and certain SEC rules and  regulations  and provides the staff's views
regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements. We believe that the
views  provided  in SAB  107 are  consistent  with  the  approach  taken  in the
valuation and accounting  associated  with  share-based  compensation  issued in
prior periods as well as those issued during 2005.

                                       75
<PAGE>

      In June 2005, the FASB's  Emerging  Issues Task Force ("EITF") issued EITF
Issue No. 05-02 "The Meaning of  "Conventional  Convertible  Debt Instrument" in
EITF Issue 00-19 "Accounting for Derivative  Financial  Instruments  Indexed to,
and Potentially Settled in, A Company's Own Stock",  which retains the exception
in paragraph 4 of EITF Issue No. 00-19 for conventional debt instruments.  Those
instruments in which the holder has an option to convert the  instrument  into a
fixed  number  of shares  (or a  corresponding  amount  of cash at the  issuer's
discretion)  and its ability to  exercise  the option is based on either (a) the
passage of time or (b) a contingent event,  should be considered  "conventional"
for purposes of applying that  exception.  The consensus  should be applied on a
prospective  basis  for new or  modified  instruments  starting  from the  third
quarter  of 2005.  The  adoption  of EITF No.  05-02 is not  expected  to have a
material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements or results of
operations.

      When there is a modification of a convertible debt instrument,  the change
in the fair value of an  embedded  conversion  option  should be included in the
analysis of determining whether a debt  extinguishment has occurred.  The change
in the  fair  value of the  embedded  conversion  option  is  calculated  as the
difference  between the fair value of the conversion option immediately prior to
and after the  modification.  Also,  when a modification  of a convertible  debt
instrument occurs, the change in the fair value of the embedded conversion prior
should be recognized as a discount (or premium)  with a  corresponding  increase
(or decrease) in additional paid-in capital. Lastly, a beneficial feature should
not  be  recognized  or  reassessed  upon  modification  of a  convertible  debt
instrument.  The  adoption of EITF No.  05-02 is not expected to have a material
effect  on  the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  or  results  of
operations.

      In November 2005, FASB issued FSP FAS 115-1 and FAS 124-1, "The Meaning of
Other-Than-Temporary  Impairment  and Its  Application  to Certain  Investments"
("FSP FAS 115-1"),  which provides  guidance on determining  when investments in
certain  debt  and  equity  securities  are  considered  impaired,   whether  an
impairment is  other-than-temporary,  and on measuring such impairment loss. FSP
FAS 115-1 also includes accounting  considerations subsequent to the recognition
of an  other-than-temporary  impairment and requires certain  disclosures  about
unrealized  losses  that  have  not  been  recognized  as   other-than-temporary
impairments.  FSP FAS 115-1 is  required  to be  applied  to  reporting  periods
beginning after December 15, 2005. We are required to adopt FSP FAS 115-1 in the
first quarter of 2006. We do not expect the adoption of this statement to have a
material  impact  on  our  consolidated   results  of  operations  or  financial
condition.

      In November  2004,  the FASB issued  SFAS No. 151,  "Inventory  Costs - An
amendment of ARB No. 43,  Chapter 4" ("SFAS No.  151").  SFAS No. 151 amends the
guidance in Accounting Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter 4, "Inventory Pricing,"
to  clarify  the  accounting  for  abnormal  amounts of idle  facility  expense,
freight, handling costs, and wasted material (spoilage).  Additionally, SFAS No.
151 requires that the  allocation of fixed  production  overheads to the cost of
conversion be based on the normal  capacity of the production  facilities.  SFAS
No.  151 is  required  to be  adopted  in the  first  quarter  of 2006.  We have
determined  that the adoption of SFAS No. 151 will not have a material impact on
the consolidated financial statements.

                                       76
<PAGE>

      In  December  2004,  the FASB issued  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting
Standards No. 153 (SFAS 153"), "Exchanges of Non-monetary Assets-an amendment of
APB  Opinion  No.  29." SFAS 152  addresses  the  measurement  of  exchanges  of
non-monetary assets. It eliminates the exception from fair value measurement for
non-monetary  exchanges of similar  productive  assets in paragraph 21(b) of APB
Opinion No. 29 "Accounting for Non-monetary  Transactions"  and replaces it with
an exception for exchanges that do not have commercial substance. A non-monetary
exchange  has  commercial  substance  if the future cash flows of the entity are
expected to change  significantly  as a result of the  exchange.  As required by
SFAS 153, we adopted this new  accounting  standard  effective July 1, 2005. The
adoption of SFAS 153 did not have a material impact on our financial statements.

      In May 2005,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 154,  Accounting  Changes and Error
Corrections.  SFAS No. 154 establishes retrospective application as the required
method for reporting a change in accounting principle in the absence of explicit
transition requirements specific to the newly adopted accounting principle. SFAS
No. 154 also provides guidance for determining whether retrospective application
is impractical. SFAS No. 154 is effective for accounting changes and corrections
of errors made in fiscal years  beginning  after  December  15, 2005.  We do not
expect  that the  adoption  of SFAS No. 154 will have a  material  impact on its
results of operations or financial position.

Disclosure About Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

      Prior to our annual meeting of  stockholders  in September  2003, we had a
limited  number of shares of Common Stock  authorized but not issued or reserved
for  issuance  upon  conversion  or  exercise  of  outstanding  convertible  and
exercisable  securities such as debentures,  options and warrants.  Prior to the
meeting,  to permit consummation of the sale of the July 2003 Debentures and the
related  warrants,  Dr. Carter agreed that he would not exercise his warrants or
options unless and until our stockholders  approve an increase in our authorized
shares of common stock. For Dr. Carter's waiver of his right to exercise certain
options and warrants prior to approval of the increase in our authorized shares,
we have agreed to compensate Dr. Carter and issued Dr. Carter 1,450,000 warrants
to  purchase  common  stock at $2.20 per share in 2003 that  vested in the first
quarter 2004 upon the second ISI asset closing.

      In connection with the Debenture  agreements,  we have outstanding letters
of credit of $1,000,000 as additional collateral.

Critical Accounting Policies

      Financial  Reporting  Release No. 60 requires  all  companies to include a
discussion of critical accounting policies or methods used in the preparation of
financial statements.  Our significant  accounting policies are described in the
Notes to the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  The  significant  accounting
policies  that we believe are most  critical to aid in fully  understanding  our
reported financial results are the following:

Revenue

      Revenue  from  the  sale  of  Ampligen(R)  under  cost  recovery  clinical
treatment  protocols  approved by the FDA is  recognized  when the  treatment is
provided to the patient.

      Revenues  from the sale of  product  are  recognized  when the  product is
shipped,  as title is transferred to the customer.  We have no other  obligation
associated with our products once shipment has occurred.

                                       77
<PAGE>

Short-term Investments

      Investments  with  original  maturities of more than three months and less
than 12 months and marketable  equity  securities  are considered  available for
sale. The  investments  classifiedas  available for sale include debt securities
and equity securities  carried at estimated fair value. The unrealized gains and
losses  are  recorded  as a  component  of  shareholders'  equity.  Patents  and
Trademarks

Patents and Trademarks

      Patents and trademarks are stated at cost  (primarily  legal fees) and are
amortized using the  straight-line  method over the estimated  useful life of 17
years We review our patents  and  trademark  rights  periodically  to  determine
whether  they have  continuing  value.  Such review  includes an analysis of the
patent and  trademark's  ultimate  revenue  and  profitability  potential  on an
undiscounted   cash  basis  to  support  the  realizability  of  our  respective
capitalized cost. In addition, management's review addresses whether each patent
continues to fit into our strategic business plans.

Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features

      The October,  January 2004 and July 2004  Debenture  issuances and related
embedded  conversion  features  and warrants  issuances  were  accounted  for in
accordance with EITF 98-5: Accounting for convertible securities with beneficial
conversion  features  or  contingency  adjustable  conversion  and with EITF No.
00-27:  Application  of issue No. 98-5 to certain  convertible  instruments.  We
determined the fair values to be ascribed to detachable warrants issued with the
convertible debentures utilizing the Black-Scholes method.

Concentration of Credit Risk

      Our policy is to limit the amount of credit  exposure to any one financial
institution and place investments with financial institutions evaluated as being
credit  worthy,  or in short-term  money  markets,  which are exposed to minimal
interest  rate and credit risks.  At times,  we have bank deposits and overnight
repurchase agreements that exceed federally insured limits.

      Concentration  of credit  risk,  with respect to  receivables,  is limited
through  our credit  evaluation  process.  We do not require  collateral  on our
receivables.  Our receivables  consist principally of amounts due from wholesale
drug companies as of December 31, 2005.

      Please  see Note 3 within  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for a
summary of our significant accounting policies.

Item 7A. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

      We  had  approximately  $16,204,000  in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and
short-term  investments  at December 31,  2005.  To the extent that our cash and
cash  equivalents  exceed our near term funding needs, we invest the excess cash
in three to six month high quality interest bearing  financial  instruments.  We
employ established conservative policies and procedures to manage any risks with
respect to investment exposure.

      We have not  entered  into,  and do not  expect to enter  into,  financial
instruments for trading or hedging purposes.

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

      The consolidated  balance sheets as of December 31, 2004 and 2005, and our
consolidated  statements  of  operations,  changes in  stockholders'  equity and
comprehensive loss and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period
ended  December  31,  2005,  together  with  the  report  of BDO  Seidman,  LLP,
independent  registered  public  accountants,  are  included  at the end of this
report.  Reference is made to the "Index to Financial  Statements  and Financial
Statement Schedule" on page F-1.

                                       78
<PAGE>

ITEM  9.  Changes  in and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
Financial Disclosures.

      None.

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures.

      The information required by this Item 9A will be disclosed on an amendment
to this Annual Report on this Form 10-K.

                                       79
<PAGE>

ITEM 9B. Other Information.

      None.

      PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

      The  following  sets  forth  biographical  information  about  each of our
directors and executive officers as of the date of this report:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         Name                                         Age               Position
         ----                                         ---               --------
<S>                                                  <C>                <C>
         William A. Carter, M.D.                      68                Chairman, Chief Executive Officer

         R. Douglas Hulse 62 President

         Robert E. Peterson                           69                Chief Financial Officer

         David R. Strayer, M.D.                       60                Medical Director, Regulatory Affairs

         Mei-June Liao, Ph.D.                         55                Vice President of Regulatory Affairs, Quality
                                                                        Control and Research and Development

         Robert Hansen                                62                Vice President of Manufacturing

         Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.                        56                Director of Process Development

         Richard C. Piani                             79                Director

         William M. Mitchell, M.D.                    71                Director

         Ransom W. Etheridge                          66                Director,  Secretary and General Counsel

         Steven D. Spence                             46                Director

         Iraj Eqhbal Kiani, Ph.D.                     60                Director
</TABLE>

                                       80
<PAGE>


      Each  director has been elected to serve until the next annual  meeting of
stockholders,  or until his earlier  resignation,  removal from office, death or
incapacity.  Each  executive  officer  serves at the  discretion of the Board of
Directors, subject to rights, if any, under contracts of employment.

      WILLIAM A. CARTER,  M.D.,  the  co-inventor of  Ampligen(R),  joined us in
1978,  and has served as: (a) our Chief  Scientific  Officer since May 1989; (b)
the  Chairman  of our  Board of  Directors  since  January  1992;  (c) our Chief
Executive Officer since July 1993; (d) our President since April,  1995; and (e)
a director since 1987. From 1987 to 1988, Dr. Carter served as our Chairman. Dr.
Carter was a leading  innovator in the  development  of human  interferon  for a
variety of treatment  indications  including  various viral diseases and cancer.
Dr. Carter received the first FDA approval to initiate clinical trials on a beta
interferon product manufactured in the U.S. under his supervision.  From 1985 to
October  1988,  Dr.  Carter  served as our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and Chief
Scientist.  He received his M.D.  degree from Duke  University and underwent his
post-doctoral  training at the National  Institutes  of Health and Johns Hopkins
University.  Dr.  Carter  also served as  Professor  of  Neoplastic  Diseases at
Hahnemann Medical  University,  a position he held from 1980 to 1998. Dr. Carter
served as Director of  Clinical  Research  for  Hahnemann  Medical  University's
Institute  for Cancer and Blood  Diseases,  and as a professor at Johns  Hopkins
School of Medicine and the State  University of New York at Buffalo.  Dr. Carter
is a Board certified physician and author of more than 200 scientific  articles,
including the editing of various textbooks on anti-viral and immune therapy.

      R. DOUGLAS HULSE was appointed our President and Chief  Operating  Officer
in February 2005. Mr. Hulse has been an executive  director at Sage Group, Inc.,
an  international  organization  providing  senior  level  strategic  management
services to the biotechnology and pharmaceutical  sector,  since 1995. Mr. Hulse
is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Princeton  University with a cum laude degree in
chemistry  and the  holder  of S.M.  Degrees  in both  management  and  Chemical
Engineering  from M.I.T.,  previously  served as our Chief Operating  Officer in
1996 and 1997.  Mr.  Hulse  devotes  approximately  40 to 50% of his time to our
business.

                                       81
<PAGE>

      ROBERT E. PETERSON has served as our Chief Financial  Officer since April,
1993 and served as an  Independent  Financial  Advisor to us from 1989 to April,
1993. Also, Mr. Peterson has served as Vice President of the Omni Group, Inc., a
business  consulting  group based in Tulsa,  Oklahoma  since 1985.  From 1971 to
1984,  Mr.  Peterson  worked for PepsiCo,  Inc. and served in various  financial
management  positions  including Vice President and Chief  Financial  Officer of
PepsiCo Foods International and PepsiCo  Transportation,  Inc. Mr. Peterson is a
graduate of Eastern New Mexico University.

      DAVID R. STRAYER,  M.D. who served as Professor of Medicine at the Medical
College of  Pennsylvania  and  Hahnemann  University,  has acted as our  Medical
Director  since 1986.  He is Board  Certified  in Medical  Oncology and Internal
Medicine  with  research  interests  in the fields of cancer  and immune  system
disorders. Dr. Strayer has served as principal investigator in studies funded by
the Leukemia Society of America,  the American Cancer Society,  and the National
Institutes  of  Health.  Dr.  Strayer  attended  the School of  Medicine  at the
University of California at Los Angeles where he received his M.D. in 1972.

      MEI-JUNE LIAO,  Ph.D. has served as Vice President of Regulatory  Affairs,
Quality and Research & Development  since October 2003 and as Vice  President of
Research  &  Development  since  March  2003  with   responsibilities   for  the
regulatory,  quality control and product  development of Alferon(R).  Before the
acquisition  of certain  assets of ISI, Dr. Liao was Vice  President of Research
and Development  from 1995 to 2003 and held senior positions in the Research and
Development  Department  of ISI from 1983 to 1994.  Dr. Liao  received her Ph.D.
from Yale University in 1980 and completed a three year postdoctoral appointment
at the  Massachusetts  Institute  of  Technology  under the  direction  of Nobel
Laureate in Medicine,  Professor H. Gobind  Khorana.  Dr. Liao has authored many
scientific publications and invention disclosures.

      ROBERT HANSEN joined us as Vice  President of  Manufacturing  in 2003 upon
the  acquisition of certain assets of ISI. He is responsible for the manufacture
of  Alferon(R) N. Mr. Hansen had been Vice  President of  Manufacturing  for ISI
since 1997, and served in various capacities in manufacturing  since joining ISI
in 1987. He has a B.S. degree in Chemical  Engineering from Columbia  University
in 1966.

      CAROL A. SMITH, Ph.D. is Director of Process Development and has served as
our  Director of  Manufacturing  and Process  Development  since April 1995,  as
Director of  Operations  since 1993 and as the Manager of Quality  Control  from
1991 to 1993, with responsibility for the manufacture,  control and chemistry of
Ampligen(R).  Dr.  Smith was  Scientist/Quality  Assurance  Officer for Virotech
International,  Inc. from 1989 to 1991 and Director of the Reverse Transcriptase
and Interferon  Laboratories and a Clinical Monitor for Life Sciences, Inc. from
1983 to 1989.  She  received  her Ph.D.  from the  University  of South  Florida
College  of  Medicine  in  1980  and  was an  NIH  post-doctoral  fellow  at the
Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine.

      RICHARD  C.  PIANI has been a  director  since  1995.  Mr.  Piani has been
employed  as a  principal  delegate  for  Industry  to the City of  Science  and
Industry,  Paris,  France, a billion dollar scientific and educational  complex.
Mr. Piani provided  consulting to us in 1993,  with respect to general  business
strategies for our European operations and markets. Mr. Piani served as Chairman
of Industrielle du Batiment-Morin,  a building materials corporation,  from 1986
to 1993. Previously Mr. Piani was a Professor of International Strategy at Paris
Dauphine  University  from 1984 to 1993.  From 1979 to 1985, Mr. Piani served as
Group  Director  in  Charge  of   International   and  Commercial   Affairs  for
Rhone-Poulenc  and from 1973 to 1979 he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Societe "La  Cellophane",  the French company which  invented  cellophane and
several  other  worldwide  products.  Mr. Piani has a Law degree from Faculte de
Droit, Paris Sorbonne and a Business Administration degree from Ecole des Hautes
Etudes Commerciales, Paris.

                                       82
<PAGE>

      RANSOM W.  ETHERIDGE has been a director since October 1997, and presently
serves  as our  secretary  and  general  counsel.  Mr.  Etheridge  first  became
associated  with  us in 1980  when he  provided  consulting  services  to us and
participated  in  negotiations  with  respect to our initial  private  placement
through  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Mr.  Etheridge  has been  practicing  law since
1967,  specializing  in  transactional  law.  Mr.  Etheridge  is a member of the
Virginia  State  Bar,  a  Judicial  Remedies  Award  Scholar,  and has served as
President  of the  Tidewater  Arthritis  Foundation.  He is a  graduate  of Duke
University,  and received his Law degree from the University of Richmond  School
of Law.

      WILLIAM M. MITCHELL,  M.D., Ph.D. has been a director since July 1998. Dr.
Mitchell  is a  Professor  of  Pathology  at  Vanderbilt  University  School  of
Medicine.  Dr.  Mitchell  earned a M.D. from  Vanderbilt and a Ph.D.  from Johns
Hopkins University,  where he served as an Intern in Internal Medicine, followed
by a Fellowship at its School of Medicine.  Dr.  Mitchell has published over 200
papers,  reviews and abstracts  dealing with viruses and anti-viral  drugs.  Dr.
Mitchell  has worked for and with many  professional  societies,  including  the
International  Society for Interferon Research,  and committees,  among them the
National  Institutes of Health,  AIDS and Related  Research  Review  Group.  Dr.
Mitchell previously served as one of our directors from 1987 to 1989.

      STEVEN D. SPENCE was  appointed  to the Board of  Directors in March 2005.
Mr. Spence is currently  Managing Partner of Valued Ventures,  a consultancy Mr.
Spence  founded  in 2003 to  foster  the  development  of micro  and  small  cap
companies.  For the six years  prior to founding  Valued  Ventures,  Mr.  Spence
performed the duties as Managing Director at Merrill Lynch.  Prior to his tenure
as  Managing  Director,  Mr.  Spence has held  several  high-ranking  management
positions  within  Merrill  Lynch  including  Chief  Operating  Officer  for the
Security Services  Division,  Global Head of the Broker Dealer Security Services
Division,  and Global Head of  Financial  Futures and Options.  Mr.  Spence is a
graduate of Columbia University in New York City.

      IRAJ EQHBAL KIANI, M.B.A.,  Ph.D., was appointed to the Board of Directors
on May 1,  2002.  Dr.  Kiani is a citizen  of England  and  resides in  Newport,
California.  Dr. Kiani served in various local government position including the
Governor of Yasoi,  Capital of  Boyerahmand,  Iran. In 1980,  Dr. Kiani moved to
England,  where he  established  and managed  several  trading  companies over a
period of some 20 years. Dr. Kiani is a planning and logistic  specialist who is
now  applying  his  knowledge  and  experience  to build a worldwide  immunology
network, which will use our proprietary technology. Dr. Kiani received his Ph.D.
degree from the University of Warwick in England.

      Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

      Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors, and
persons  who  own  more  than  ten  percent  of a  registered  class  of  equity
securities,  to  file  reports  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
reflecting  their  initial  position  of  ownership  on  Form 3 and  changes  in
ownership  on Form 4 or Form 5.  Based  solely on a review of the copies of such
Forms received by us, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2005, all of our officers,  directors and ten percent stockholders complied with
all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements on a timely basis.

                                       83
<PAGE>

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Expert

      Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee of the Board of Directors consists of
Richard Piani, Committee Chairman, William Mitchell, M.D. and Steven Spence. Mr.
Piani, Dr. Mitchell and Mr. Spence are Independent  Directors.  We do not have a
financial  expert as defined in Securities and Exchange  Commission rules on the
committee  in the  true  sense  of the  description.  However,  Mr.  Piani  is a
Businessman  and has 40 years of experience  of working with budgets,  analyzing
financials and dealing with financial  institutions.  We believe Mr. Piani,  Dr.
Mitchell and  Iraj-Eqhbal  Kiani to be independent of management and free of any
relationship that would interfere with their exercise of independent judgment as
members of this  committee.  Our audit  committee  is  responsible  for annually
recommending independent accountants, preparing the reports or statements as may
be required by AMEX or the securities  laws, and reviewing:  (i) the adequacy of
our  system  of  internal  accounting  controls;   (ii)  our  audited  financial
statements   and  reports  and   discussing  the  statements  and  reports  with
management,  including any  significant  adjustments,  management  judgments and
estimates, new accounting policies and disagreements with management;  and (iii)
disclosures by independent accountants concerning relationships with our company
and the performance of our independent accountants

Code of Ethics

      Our Board of Directors  adopted a code of ethics and business  conduct for
officers,  directors and employees  that went into effect on May 19, 2003.  This
code has been presented and reviewed by each officer, director and employee. You
may obtain a copy of this code by  visiting  our web site at  www.hemispherx.net
(Corporate  Info) or by written  request  to our  office at 1617 JFK  Boulevard,
Suite 660, Philadelphia, PA 19103.

Item 11. Executive Compensation.

      The summary compensation table below sets forth the aggregate compensation
paid or accrued by us for the fiscal years ended  December  31,  2005,  2004 and
2003 to (i) our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and (ii) our five most  highly  paid
executive  officers other than the CEO who were serving as executive officers at
the end of the last  completed  fiscal  year and whose total  annual  salary and
bonus exceeded $100,000 (collectively, the "Named Executives").

                             EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name and Principal Position       Year           Salary ($)         Restricted    Warrants & Options        All Other
                                                                   Stock Awards         Awards           Compensation (1)
----------------------------- ------------- --------------------- --------------- -------------------- -------------------

<S>                                   <C>            <C> <C>                           <C>    <C>              <C>
William A. Carter                     2005           (2) 623,330        -              (3)    645,000          $44,443
  Chairman of                         2004           (2) 605,175        -              (4)    320,000           32,003
  the Board and CEO                   2003           (2) 582,461        -              (5)  1,450,000           28,375

</TABLE>

                                       88
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                   <C>           <C> <C>                               <C> <C>                   <C>
R. Douglas Hulse                      2005          (6) $110,000        -                 (6) 250,000                -
President and COO                     2004                     -        -                           -                -
                                      2003                     -        -                           -                -

Robert E. Peterson                    2005           (7) 246,929        -                 (8) 110,000                -
  Chief                               2004           (7) 221,242        -                (9)   63,824                -
Financial                             2003           (7) 193,816        -                           -                -
Officer


David R. Strayer, M.D.                2005          (10) 215,806        -               (11)   10,000                -
  Medical Director                    2004               180,394        -               (12)   10,000                -
                                      2003                              -                           -                -
                                     190,096


Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.                 2005               138,697        -               (11)   10,000                -
  Director                            2004               134,658        -               (12)   10,000                -
of                                    2003               140,576        -                           -                -
Process Development


Mei-June Liao, Ph.D., V.P.            2005               153,470        -               (11)   10,000                -
of Quality Control                    2004               149,000        -               (12)   10,000                -
                                      2003          (13) 100,575        -                           -                -


Robert Hansen                         2005               135,968        -               (11)   10,000                -
V.P. of Manufacturing                 2004               132,000        -               (12)   10,000                -
                                      2003           (13)104,500        -                           -                -
</TABLE>

----------------------

(1)   Consists of  insurance  premiums  paid by us with respect to term life and
      disability insurance for the benefit of the named executive officer.

(2)   Includes bonuses of $99,481, $121,035 and $124,666 in 2003, 2004 and 2005,
      respectively.

(3)   Consists of stock option grants to a) acquire  100,000 shares at $1.75 per
      share,  b) acquire  10,000  shares at $2.61 per share,  c) acquire  70,000
      shares at $2.87 and d) to acquire  465,000  shares at $1.86.  In 2005, Dr.
      Carter had 535,000 previously issued options expire.

(4)   Consist of a stock option grant of 320,000 shares exercisable at $2.60 per
      share.

(5)   Represents   warrants  to  purchase   1,450,000  shares  of  common  stock
      exercisable at $2.20 per share.

                                       84
<PAGE>

(6)   Reflects  compensation  beginning  February 2005.  Stock options issued to
      Sage  Healthcare  Advisors,   LLC,  pursuant  to  Mr.  Hulse's  employment
      agreement. Mr. Hulse has direct interest in 41,667 of these options.

(7)   2003  includes a bonus of  $37,830,  2004  includes a bonus of $44,248 and
      2005 includes a bonus of $50,670.

(8)   Reflects  options to purchase  100,000 shares of Common Stock at $1.75 and
      10,000 shares at $2.61 per share.

(9)   Consist of stock option grant of 50,000  shares  exercisable  at $3.44 per
      share and 13,824  stock  options  to  purchase  common  stock at $2.60 per
      share.

(10)  Includes a bonus of $30,000.

(11)  Consists of stock options exercisable at $2.61 per share.

(12)  Consists of stock option grant exercisable at $1.90 per share.

(13)  Compensation from March 2005. Employed by ISI prior to that.




      The following table sets forth certain information regarding stock options
and warrants granted during 2005 to the executive  officers named in the Summary
Compensation Table.

                                       85
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Individual Grants
                   ------------------------------------
      Name            Number Of        Percentage Of      Exercise    Expiration Date    Potential Realizable Value At
                                       Total Options
                      Securities        Granted To
                      Underlying       Employees In
                       Warrants         Fiscal Year      Price Per                       Assumed Rates Of Stock Price
                       Granted            2004(1)        Share (2)                       Appreciation For Options Term
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                                                                                            5% (3)           10%(3)
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
<S>                         <C>                   <C>          <C>        <C>  <C>              <C>             <C>
                            100,000               47.6         $1.75      4/26/15               $61,950         $129,250
                             70,000                             2.87      12/9/15
Carter, W.A.                 10,000                             2.61      12/8/15
                            465,000                             1.86      7/1/11
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                            250,000               18.5         $1.55      2/14/15                20,000           40,000
Hulse, R.D.
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                     100,000 10,000                8.1         $1.75      4/26/15                10,300           20,600
Peterson, R.                                                   $2.61      12/8/15
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                             10,000                  *         $2.61      12/8/14                 1,300            2,600
Strayer, D.
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                             10,000                  *         $2.61      12/8/14                 1,300            2,600
Smith, C.
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                             10,000                  *         $2.61      12/8/14                 1,300            2,600
Liao, M.
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                             10,000                  *         $2.61      12/8/14                 1,300            2,600
Hansen, R.
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
</TABLE>


(1)   Total stock options and warrants issued in 2005 were 1,352,600.

(2)   The  exercise  price is equal to the closing  price of our common stock at
      the date of issuance.

(3)   Potential realizable value is based on an assumption that the market price
      of the common stock  appreciates at the stated rates compounded  annually,
      from the date of grant until the end of the respective  option term. These
      values are calculated based on requirements  promulgated by the Securities
      and  Exchange  Commission  and do not reflect our estimate of future stock
      price appreciation.

                                       86
<PAGE>



The following table sets forth certain  information  regarding the stock options
and warrants held as of December 31, 2005 by the individuals  named in the above
Summary Compensation Table.

                 AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
                        AND FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         Securities Underlying Unexercised      Value of Unexercised
                                                         Warrants/                              In-the-Money-Options At Fiscal
                                                         Options at Fiscal Year End Numbers     Year End (1)
                                                                                                Dollars
Name                    Shares          Value Realized      Exercisable          Unexercisable    Exercisable       Unexercisable
                        Acquired on     ($)
                        Exercise (#)
----------------------- --------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------- ----------------- ------------------

<S>                          <C>              <C>            <C>       <C>         <C>     <C>          <C>                 <C>
William Carter                -                -             5,507,878 (2)         257,500 (3)          $313,650            $42,500
Robert Peterson               -                -               520,074 (4)          57,500 (5)            55,000             21,000
David Strayer                 -                -               137,500 (6)          12,500 (7)             9,850              1,350
Carol Smith                   -                -                49,291 (8)          12,500 (7)             4,750              1,350
Mei-June Liao                 -                -                 7,500 (9)          12,500 (7)             1,350              1,350
Robert Hansen                 -                -                 7,500 (9)          12,500 (7)             1,350              1,350
</TABLE>
----------------------------

(1)   Computation  based on $2.17,  the  December 31, 2005 closing bid price for
      the common stock on the American Stock Exchange.

(2)   Includes  shares issuable upon the exercise of (i) warrants issued in 2001
      to  purchase   376,650  shares  of  common  stock  consisting  of  188,325
      exercisable at $6.00 per share and 188,325 exercisable at $9.00 per share,
      all of which expired on February 22, 2006;  (ii) stock  options  issued in
      2001 to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock at $4.03 per share expiring
      January 3, 2011;  (iii) warrants issued in 2002 to purchase 750,000 shares
      of common stock exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on August 7, 2007;
      (iv) warrants issued in 2003 to purchase  1,450,000 shares of common stock
      exercisable  at $2.20 per share  expiring on September 8, 2008;  (v) stock
      options issued in 2004 to purchase 320,000 shares of common stock at $2.60
      per share expiring on September 7, 2014; (vi) Stock Options issued in 2005
      to purchase  100,000 shares of common stock at $1.75 per share expiring on
      April 26, 2015;  (vii) stock  options  issued in 2005 to purchase  465,000
      shares of common stock at $1.86 per share  expiring  July 1, 2011;  (viii)
      stock options issued in 2005 to purchase  70,000 shares of common stock at
      $2.87 per share  expiring  December 9, 2015; and (ix) stock options issued
      in 2005 to  purchase  10,000  shares  of  common  stock at $2.61 per share
      expiring  Decemner 8, 2015. Also includes  1,963,728  warrants and options
      originally  issued to William A. Carter and  subsequently  transferred  to
      Carter  Investments  of which Dr. Carter is the  beneficial  owner.  These
      securities  consist of  warrants  issued in 1998(a)  to  purchase  490,000
      shares of common  stock  consisting  of 190,000  exercisable  at $4.00 per
      share  expiring  on January 1, 2008 and 300,000  exercisable  at $6.00 per
      share that expired on January 1, 2006;  (b)stock  options  granted in 1991
      and extended in 1998 to purchase 73,728 shares of common stock exercisable
      at $2.71 per share  expiring on August 8, 2008 and  (c)Warrants  issued in
      2002 to  purchase  1,400,000  shares  of  common  stock at $3.50 per share
      expiring on September 30, 2007. The 376,650  warrants  expired on February
      22, 2006 and the  300,000  warrants  that  expired on January 1, 2006 were
      replaced by the Board of Directors  (refer to Item 12. Security  Ownership
      of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management).

                                       87
<PAGE>

(3)   Consists of (i) 250,000  warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring
      on August 13, 2007 and 7,500 stock options  exercisable at $2.61 per share
      expiring on December 8, 2015.

(4)   Includes  shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) options  issued in 1997 to
      purchase  13,750 shares of common stock at $3.50 per share and expiring on
      January 22, 2007, (ii) options issued in 2001 to purchase 10,000 shares of
      common  stock at $4.03 per share and  expiring  on January 3, 2011,  (iii)
      warrants  issued in 2002 to  purchase  200,000  shares of common  stock at
      $2.00 per share  expiring on August 13, 2007;  (iv) options issued in 2005
      to  purchase  50,000  shares of common  stock at $1.75 per share  expiring
      April 26, 2015 and (v) options  issued in 2005 to purchase 2,500 shares of
      common  stock at $2.61  per share  expiring  on  December  8,  2006.  Also
      includes 243,824 warrants/options  originally issued to Robert E. Peterson
      and  subsequently  transferred  to the Robert E.  Peterson  Trust of which
      Robert E. Peterson is owner and Trustee.  These securities include options
      issued in 1996 to purchase  50,000 shares of common stock  exercisable  at
      $3.50 per share and expired on February 28, 2006;  warrants issued in 1998
      to purchase  100,000 shares of common stock at $5.00 per share expiring on
      April 14,  2006;  warrants  issued in 2002 to  purchase  30,000  shares of
      common stock exercisable at $5.00 per share expiring on April 30, 2006 and
      63,824  stock  options  issued in 2004  consisting  of 50,000  options  to
      acquire  common  stock at $3.44 per share  expiring  on June 22,  2014 and
      13,824  options to acquire  common  stock at $2.60 per share  expiring  on
      September  7, 2014.  The 50,000  options that expired on February 28, 2006
      were  replaced  by the  Board of  Directors  (refer  to Item 12.  Security
      Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management).

(5)   Consists of 50,000 options  issued in 2005  exercisable at $1.75 and 7,500
      options issued in 2005 exercisable at $2.61 per share.

(6)   Consists of (i) 50,000 warrants exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on
      August 13,  2007,  (ii)  50,000  warrants  exercisable  at $4.00 per share
      expiring on February 28, 2008,  (iii) 10,000 stock options  exercisable at
      $4.03 expiring on January 3, 2011;  (iv) 20,000 stock options  exercisable
      at $3.50 per share  expiring  on January  22,  2007;  and (v) 5,000  stock
      options  exercisable  at $1.90 per share  expiring on December 7, 2014 and
      2,500 stock options exercisable at $2.61 per share expiring on December 8,
      2015.

(7)   Consists of 5,000 stock options exercisable at $1.90 per share expiring on
      December 7, 2014 and 7,500 stock  options  exercisable  at $2.61 per share
      expiring on December 8, 2015.

(8)   Consists of (i) 20,000 warrants exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on
      August  13,  2007,  (ii)  5,000  warrants  exercisable  at $4.00 per share
      expiring on June 7, 2008, (iii) 10,000 stock options  exercisable at $4.03
      per  share  expiring  on  January  3,  2016;   (iv)  6,791  stock  options
      exercisable at $3.50 per share expiring on January 22, 2007; and (v) 5,000
      stock options  exercisable at $1.90 per share expiring on December 7, 2014
      and  2,500  stock  options  exercisable  at $2.61 per  share  expiring  on
      December 8, 2015.


                                       88
<PAGE>

(9)   Consists  of 5,000  options to  purchase  common  stock at $1.90 per share
      expiring on December 7, 2014 and 2,500 stock options  exercisable at $2.61
      per share expiring on December 8, 2015.

Employment and Change in Control Agreements

      On March 11, 2005, our board of directors,  at the  recommendation  of the
Compensation  Committee,  approved an amended and restated employment  agreement
and an amended and restated engagement agreement with Dr. William A. Carter.

      The amended and restated  employment  agreement  provides for Dr. Carter's
employment as our Chief  Executive  Officer and Chief  Scientific  Officer until
December  31,  2010  unless  sooner  terminated  for  cause or  disability.  The
agreement automatically renews for successive one year periods after the initial
termination  date unless we or Dr. Carter give written notice otherwise at least
ninety days prior to the termination date or any renewal period.  Dr. Carter has
the right to terminate  the  agreement  on 30 days' prior  written  notice.  The
initial  base  salary  retroactive  to January 1, 2005 is  $290,888,  subject to
adjustment based on the average increase or decrease in the Consumer Price Index
for the prior year. In addition,  Dr. Carter could receive an annual performance
bonus  of up to  25%  of  his  base  salary,  at  the  sole  discretion  of  the
Compensation  Committee of the board of directors,  based on his  performance or
our  operating  results.  Dr.  Carter will not  participate  in any  discussions
concerning the determination of his annual bonus. Dr. Carter is also entitled to
an incentive  bonus of 0.5% of the gross proceeds  received by us from any joint
venture  or  corporate  partnering  arrangement.  Dr.  Carter's  agreement  also
provides that he be paid a base salary and benefits  through the last day of the
then term of the agreement if he is terminated without "cause",  as that term is
defined in agreement. In addition,  should Dr. Carter terminate the agreement or
the  agreement  be  terminated  due to his death or  disability,  the  agreement
provides that Dr Carter be paid a base salary and benefits  through the last day
of the month in which the  termination  occurred  and for an  additional  twelve
month period. Pursuant to his original agreement, Dr. Carter was granted options
to purchase  73,728 (post split)  shares in 1991.  The exercise  period of these
options  is  extended  through  December  31,  2010  and,  should  Dr.  Carter's
employment agreement be extended beyond that date, the option exercise period is
further extended to the last day of the extended employment period.

      The amended and restated engagement  agreement,  retroactive to January 1,
2005,  provides for our  engagement  of Dr.  Carter as a  consultant  related to
patent  development,  as one of our  directors  and as chairman of the Executive
Committee  of our board of  directors  until  December  31, 2010  unless  sooner
terminated  for cause or  disability.  The  agreement  automatically  renews for
successive  one year periods after the initial  termination  date or any renewal
period.  Dr.  Carter has the right to terminate  the agreement on 30 days' prior
written notice. The initial base fee as of January 1, 2004 is $207,777,  subject
to annual  adjustments  equal to the  percentage  increase or decrease of annual
dollar value of directors' fees provided to our directors during the prior year.
The annual fee is further subject to adjustment based on the average increase or
decrease in the Consumer Price Index for the prior year. In addition, Dr. Carter
could receive an annual  performance  bonus of up to 25% of his base fee, at the
sole direction of the Compensation Committee of the board of directors, based on
his performance.  Dr. Carter will not participate in any discussions  concerning
the  determination  of this annual bonus.  Dr. Carter's  agreement also provides
that he be paid  his  base fee  through  the  last  day of the then  term of the
agreement if he is terminated  without  "cause",  as that term is defined in the
agreement.  In  addition,  should Dr.  Carter  terminate  the  agreement  or the
agreement be terminated due to his death or disability,  the agreement  provides
that Dr.  Carter be paid fees due him through the last day of the month in which
the termination occurred and for an additional twelve month period.

                                       89
<PAGE>

      On February 14, 2005 we entered  into an agreement  with The Sage Group of
Branchburg,  New Jersey for R. Douglas Hulse, an Executive  Director of The Sage
Group,  to serve as President  and Chief  Operating  Officer of our company.  In
addition,  other  Sage  Group  principals  and  Senior  Directors  will  be made
available  to assist as needed.  The  engagement  is expected to continue  for a
period of 18 months;  however,  it is  terminable  on 30 days written  notice by
either party after 12 months.  Compensation  for the services include a ten year
warrant to purchase  250,000  shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
$1.55.  These warrants were issued to Sage Healthcare  Advisors,  LLC and are to
vest at the rate of 12,500 per month of the engagement  with 25,000 vesting upon
completion of the eighteenth month. Vesting accelerates in the event of a merger
or a purchase of a majority of our assets or equity. We valued these warrants at
$213,000  utilizing  the  Black-Scholes  Method.  As of December 31,  2005,  the
213,000 was expensed to stock  compensation  expense.  The Sage Group also is to
receive a monthly  retainer  of  $10,000  for the period of the  engagement.  In
addition, for each calendar year (or part thereof) during which the agreement is
in effect,  The Sage Group will be entitled to an  incentive  bonus in an amount
equal to 0.5% of the gross  proceeds  received  by us during  such year from any
joint ventures or corporate  partnering  arrangements.  After termination of the
agreement,  The Sage Group will only be entitled to receive the incentive  bonus
based upon gross proceeds  received by us during the two year period  commencing
on the  termination  of the  agreement  with  respect to any joint  ventures  or
corporate  partnering  arrangements  entered  into by us during  the term of the
agreement.  Mr. Hulse will devote approximately two to two and one half days per
week to our business.

      We entered into an engagement  agreement,  retroactive to January 1, 2005,
with Ransom W. Etheridge  which provides for Mr.  Etheridge's  engagement as our
General  Counsel until  December 31, 2009 unless sooner  terminated for cause or
disability.  The agreement  automatically renews for successive one year periods
after the initial  termination  date  unless we or Mr.  Etheridge  give  written
notice  otherwise  at least  ninety  days prior to the  termination  date or any
renewal  period.  Mr.  Etheridge  has the right to terminate the agreement on 30
days' prior written  notice.  The initial annual fee for services is $96,000 and
is annually  subject to adjustment  based on the average increase or decrease in
the Consumer  Price Index for the prior year.  Mr.  Etheridge's  agreement  also
provides  that he be paid all fees  through the last day of then current term of
the agreement if he is terminated without "cause" as that term is defined in the
agreement.  In addition,  should Mr.  Etheridge  terminate  the agreement or the
agreement be terminated due to his death or disability,  the agreement  provides
that Mr. Etheridge be paid the fees due him through the last day of the month in
which the termination  occurred and for an additional  twelve month period.  Mr.
Etheridge will devote approximately 85% of his business time to our business.

                                       90
<PAGE>

      We entered into an amended and restated engagement agreement,  retroactive
to January 1, 2005,  with Robert E. Peterson which  provides for Mr.  Peterson's
engagement as our Chief Financial  Officer until December 31, 2010 unless sooner
terminated for cause or disability.  Mr. Peterson has the right to terminate the
agreement on 30 days' prior written notice.  The initial annual fee for services
is $202,680 and is annually  subject to increases based on the average  increase
in the cost of inflation index for the prior year. Mr. Peterson shall receive an
annual bonus in each year that our Chief  Executive  Officer is granted a bonus.
The bonus shall equal a percentage of Mr.  Peterson's  base annual  compensation
comparable to the percentage bonus received by the Chief Executive  Officer.  In
addition,  Mr.  Peterson  shall  receive  bonus  compensation  upon Federal Drug
Administration approval of commercial application of Ampligen(R). Mr. Peterson's
agreement  also  provides  that he be paid all fees through the last day of then
current term of the agreement if he is terminated  without  "cause" as that term
is defined in the  agreement.  In addition,  should Mr.  Peterson  terminate the
agreement or the agreement be  terminated  due to his death or  disability,  the
agreement  provides that Mr.  Peterson be paid the fees due him through the last
day of the month in which the termination  occurred and for an additional twelve
month period. Mr. Peterson will devote approximately 85% of his business time to
our business.

      On March 11, 2005 the Board of Directors, deeming it essential to the best
interests  of our  shareholders  to  foster  the  continuous  engagement  of key
management  personnel  and  recognizing  that, as is the case with many publicly
held  corporations,  a change of control might occur and that such  possibility,
and the uncertainty and questions which it might raise among  management,  might
result in the departure or distraction of management  personnel to the detriment
of our company and our  shareholders,  determined to reinforce and encourage the
continued  attention  and  dedication  of  members  of our  management  to their
engagement   without   distraction  in  the  face  of   potentially   disturbing
circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in control of our company
and entered into identical  agreements  regarding change in control with William
A. Carter, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific  Officer,  Robert E.
Peterson,  our Chief  Financial  Officer  and Ransom W.  Etheridge,  our General
Counsel.  Each of the agreements  regarding  change in control became  effective
March  11,  2005  and  continue  through  December  31,  2007 and  shall  extend
automatically  to the third  anniversary  thereof  unless we give  notice to the
other party prior to the date of such extension that the agreement term will not
be extended. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a change in control occurs during
the term of the agreements, the term of the agreements will continue through the
second anniversary of the date on which the change in control occurred.  Each of
the  agreements  entitles  William A. Carter,  Robert E.  Peterson and Ransom W.
Etheridge,  respectively,  to change of  control  benefits,  as  defined  in the
agreements  and  summarized   below,   upon  their  respective   termination  of
employment/engagement  with our company during a potential change in control, as
defined  in the  agreements  or after a change in  control,  as  defined  in the
agreements,  when  their  respective  terminations  are caused (1) by us for any
reason other than permanent disability or cause, as defined in the agreement (2)
by  William  A.  Carter,   Robert  E.  Peterson   and/or  Ransom  W.  Etheridge,
respectively,  for good reason as defined in the agreement or, (3) by William A.
Carter,  Robert E. Peterson  and/or Ransom W.  Etheridge,  respectively  for any
reason during the 30 day period commencing on the first date which is six months
after the date of the change in control.

The benefits for each of the foregoing executives would be as follows:

      o     A lump sum cash  payment of three  times his base  salary and annual
            bonus amounts; and

      o     Outplacement benefits.

                                       91
<PAGE>

Each  agreement  also  provides  that the  executive is entitled to a "gross-up"
payment  to make him whole  for any  federal  excise  tax  imposed  on change of
control or severance  payments  received by him.  Dr.  Carter's  agreement  also
provides for the following benefits:

      o     Continued  insurance  coverage through the third  anniversary of his
            termination; and

      o     Retirement  benefits computed as if he had continued to work for the
            above period.

Compensation of Directors

      The  compensation  package  for  non-employee  members  of  the  Board  of
Directors was changed on September 9, 2003. Board member  compensation  consists
of an annual  retainer  of $100,000 to be paid 50% in cash and 50% in our common
stock.  On  September  9,  2003 the  Directors  approved  a 10 year  plan  which
authorizes up to 1,000,000 shares for use in supporting this compensation  plan.
The number of shares  paid  shall have a value of $12,500  with the value of the
shares being determined by the closing price of our common stock on the American
Stock  Exchange  on the last  day of the  calendar  quarter.  In  addition,  all
non-employee  directors  received some  compensation in 2003 for special project
work performed on our behalf. This project work ceased as of September 30, 2003.
All directors have been granted options to purchase common stock under our Stock
Option  Plans  and/or  Warrants  to  purchase  common  stock.  We  believe  such
compensation  and payments  are  necessary in order for us to attract and retain
qualified outside directors.

2004 Equity Incentive Plan

      Our 2004 Equity  Incentive  Plan ("2004  Plan")  provides for the grant of
non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock and other stock awards to our employees,  directors, officers, consultants
and advisors  for the  purchase of up to an  aggregate  of  8,000,000  shares of
common stock. The 2004 plan is administered by the board of directors, which has
complete  discretion to select eligible  individuals to receive and to establish
the terms of grants  under the plan.  Stock  options  awarded  under the  Equity
Incentive  Plan may be  exercisable at such times (not later than 10 years after
the date of grant) and at such exercise  prices (not less than fair market value
at the date of  grant) as the Board may  determine.  The Board may  provide  for
options to become immediately  exercisable upon a "change in control" as defined
in the plan. The number of shares of common stock  available for grant under the
2004 Plan is subject to adjustment for changes in capitalization. As of December
31, 2005, 5,714,320 shares were available for grants under the 2004 Plan 633,080
and 1,652,600 options were issued in 2004 and 2005  respectively.  Unless sooner
terminated, the Equity Incentive Plan will continue in effect for a period of 10
years from its effective date

1990 Stock Option Plan

      Our 1990 Stock Option Plan,  as amended  ("1990  Plan"),  provides for the
grant of options to our employees, directors, officers, consultants and advisors
for the purchase of up to an aggregate of 460,798  shares of common  stock.  The
1990  Plan  is  administered  by the  Compensation  Committee  of the  board  of
directors,  which has complete  discretion  to select  eligible  individuals  to
receive and to  establish  the terms of option  grants.  The number of shares of
common stock  available  for grant under the 1990 Plan is subject to  adjustment
for changes in capitalization.  As of December 31, 2004 and 2005, 18,881 options
were available for grants under the 1990 Plan. This plan remains in effect until
terminated by the Board of Directors or until all options are issued.

                                       92
<PAGE>

401(K) Plan

      In December 1995, we established a defined  contribution  plan,  effective
January 1, 1995,  entitled the Hemispherx  Biopharma  employees  401(K) Plan and
Trust  Agreement.  All of our full time employees are eligible to participate in
the 401(K) plan following one year of employment. Subject to certain limitations
imposed by federal tax laws,  participants  are eligible to contribute up to 15%
of their salary (including bonuses and/or commissions) per annum.  Participants'
contributions  to  the  401(K)  plan  may be  matched  by  Hemispherx  at a rate
determined  annually by the board of  directors.  Each  participant  immediately
vests in his or her deferred salary contributions,  while our contributions will
vest  over  one  year.  See  Note 12 to the  consolidated  financial  statements
contained herein.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

      Our  Compensation  Committee of the Board of  Directors  consists of , the
Committee Chairman, William Mitchell, M.D., Richard Piani and Dr. Iraj E. Kiani.
Please see Item 13. "Certain  Relationships and Related  Transactions" below for
more information.

Compensation Committee Report on Compensation

      The Compensation  Committee makes recommendations  concerning salaries and
compensation for our employees and consultants.

      The following report of the compensation committee discusses our executive
compensation  policies and the basis of the  compensation  paid to our executive
officers in 2005.

      In general, the compensation committee seeks to link the compensation paid
to each executive  officer to the  experience and  performance of such executive
officer. Within these parameters, the executive compensation program attempts to
provide an overall  level of executive  compensation  that is  competitive  with
companies   of   comparable   size  and  with  similar   market  and   operating
characteristics.

      There are three elements in our executive total compensation  program, all
determined by individual  and corporate  performance as specified in the various
employment agreements; base salary, annual incentive, and long-term incentives.

Base Salary

      The Summary  Compensation  Table shows  amounts  earned during 2005 by our
executive  officers.  The base compensation of such executive officers is set by
terms of the employment agreement entered into with each such executive officer.
We established  the base salaries for Chief  Executive  Officer,  Dr. William A.
Carter  under an  employment  agreement  in  December  3, 1998 (as  amended  and
restated on March 11, 2005),  which  provides for a base salary of $290,888.  In
addition,  we entered  into an agreement  with Dr.  Carter for his services as a
consultant  related  to patient  development,  development  of patents  and as a
member of our Board of Directors.  This agreement  establishes a base annual fee
of $207,777.  Both agreements are subject to annual cost of living  adjustments.
Dr. Carter is entitled to an annual  performance  bonus of up to 25% of the base
salary of each agreement at the discretion of the compensation  committee of the
Board of Directors.


                                       93
<PAGE>

      On March 11, 2005, we entered into an extended  engagement  agreement with
Robert E. Peterson, Chief Financial Officer retroactive to January 1, 2005 for a
base annual fee of $202,680 until December 31, 2010.  Mr.  Peterson's  agreement
allows for annual cost of living increases and a performance bonus.

      On March 11, 2005, we entered into an engagement  agreement with Ransom W.
Etheridge,  Corporate  General  Counsel,  retroactive  to January 1, 2005 for an
annual fee of $96,000 until December 31, 2009.

Annual Incentive

      Our Chief Executive  Officer and our Chief Financial  Officer are entitled
to an annual incentive bonus as determined by the  compensation  committee based
on such executive  officers'  performance during the previous calendar year. The
cash bonus awarded to our Chief Executive  Officer in 2004 and 2005 and the cash
bonus awarded to the Chief  Financial  Officer in 2004 and 2005 were  determined
based on this provision in their employment agreements.

Long-Term Incentives

      We grant long-term  incentive  awards  periodically to align a significant
portion of the executive compensation program with stockholder interest over the
long-term  through  encouraging  and  facilitating  executive  stock  ownership.
Executives are eligible to participate in our incentive stock option plans.  Our
Chief Executive Officer and President,  Dr. William Carter,  received a grant of
645,000 stock  options in 2005 of which  535,000 were issued to replace  options
previously awarded that expired.  These options are exercisable at rates varying
from $1.75 to $2.87 per share. The options vested on the date of grant.

      On April 26, 2005, our Chief Financial  Officer,  Robert E. Peterson,  was
granted  100,000 stock options  exercisable at $1.75 per share expiring on April
26, 2015 unless  previously  exercised.  On  December 8, 2005 Mr.  Peterson  was
granted 10,000 stock options exercisable at $2.61 per share expiring on December
8, 2015.

      Ransom Etheridge, our Corporate Secretary and General Counsel, was awarded
100,000 stock options on April 26, 2005  exercisable at $1.75 per share expiring
April 26, 2015, unless previously exercised.

Performance Graph

                          Total Return to Shareholders
                      (Includes reinvestment of dividends)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                       ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGE
                                                                               Years Ending

Company Name / Index                                       Dec 01      Dec 02     Dec 03      Dec 04      Dec 05
------------------------------------------            ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                                          <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>
HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA INC                                    -5.26      -52.67       6.10      -15.93       14.21
S&P 600 INDEX                                                6.54      -14.63      38.79       22.65        7.68
PEER GROUP                                                  48.39      -45.76       5.33      -52.63      -41.59
</TABLE>

                                       94
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               INDEXED RETURNS
                                              Base                                  Years Ending
                                             Period
Company Name / Index                         Dec 00        Dec 01      Dec 02     Dec 03      Dec 04      Dec 05
------------------------------------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>
HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA INC                      100           94.74       44.84      47.58       40.00       45.68
S&P 600 INDEX                                 100          106.54       90.95     126.23      154.82      166.71
PEER GROUP                                    100          148.39       80.49      84.78       40.16       23.46

Peer Group Companies
------------------------------------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -----------
</TABLE>

AVI BIOPHARMA INC
IMMUNE RESPONSE CORP/DE
LA JOLLA PHARMACEUTICAL CO
MAXIM PHARMACEUTICALS INC

[GRAPH OMITTED]

Item 12.  Security  Ownership of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management and
Related Stockholder Matters.

      The  following  table  sets  forth as of March 13,  2006,  the  number and
percentage of outstanding shares of common stock beneficially owned by:

      o     Each person,  individually  or as a group,  known to us to be deemed
            the  beneficial  owners of five  percent  or more of our  issued and
            outstanding common stock;

      o     each of our directors and the Named Executives; and

      o     all of our officers and directors as a group.



                                       95
<PAGE>

      As of March 24, 2006,  there were no other persons,  individually  or as a
group,  known to the  Hemispherx  to be  deemed  the  beneficial  owners of five
percent or more of the issued and outstanding common stock.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner                  Shares Beneficially Owned                % Of Shares
                                                                                            Beneficially Owned
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>       <C>                          <C>
William A. Carter, M.D.                                     6,272,868 (1)                          9.4
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Robert E. Peterson                                            585,574 (2)                          1.0
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Ransom W. Etheridge                                           642,560 (3)                          1.1
2610 Potters Rd.
Virginia Beach, VA 23452
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Richard C. Piani                                              450,602 (4)                           *
97 Rue Jeans-Jaures
Levaillois-Perret
France 92300
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Doug Hulse                                                    131,067 (5)                           *
Sage Group, Inc.
3322 Route 22 West
Building 2, Suite 201
Branchburg, NJ  08876
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
William M. Mitchell, M.D.                                     397,884 (6)                           *
Vanderbilt University
Department of Pathology
Medical Center North
21st and Garland
Nashville, TN 37232
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
David R. Strayer, M.D.                                        160,746 (7)                           *
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.                                          61,791 (8)                           *
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Iraj-Eqhbal Kiani, Ph.D.                                       97,797 (9)                           *
Orange County Immune Institute
18800 Delaware Street
Huntingdon Beach, CA 92648
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Steven Spence                                                 197,883 (10)                          *
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Mei-June Liao, Ph.D.                                           20,000 (11)                          *
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
Robert Hansen                                                  20,000 (11)                          *
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
All directors and executive  officers as a group
(11 persons)                                                9,038,772                             13.1%
------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
</TABLE>

* Less than 1%

                                      96
<PAGE>

(1)   Includes  shares  issuable  upon the exercise of (i)  replacement  options
      issued in 2006 to purchase  376,650 shares of common stock  exercisable at
      $3.78 per share  expiring on February 22, 2016;  (ii) stock options issued
      in 2001 to  purchase  10,000  shares  of  common  stock at $4.03 per share
      expiring  January  3,  2011;  (iii)  warrants  issued in 2002 to  purchase
      1,000,000  shares of common stock  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring
      on August 7, 2007;  (iv)  warrants  issued in 2003 to  purchase  1,450,000
      shares  of  common  stock  exercisable  at $2.20  per  share  expiring  on
      September 8, 2008;  (v) stock options  issued in 2004 to purchase  320,000
      shares of common  stock at $2.60 per share  expiring on September 7, 2014;
      (vi) Stock  Options  issued in 2005 to purchase  100,000  shares of common
      stock at $1.75 per share  expiring on April 26, 2015;  (vii) Stock options
      issued in 2005 to  purchase  465,000  shares of common  stock at $1.86 per
      share  expiring July 1, 2011;  and (viii) stock options  issued in 2005 to
      purchase  70,000  shares  of  Common  Stock at $2.87  per  share  expiring
      December 9, 2015;  (ix) stock  options  issued in 2005 to purchase  10,000
      shares of Common Stock at $2.61 per share  expiring  December 8, 2015; and
      (x) 507,490 shares of Common Stock. Also includes  1,963,728  warrants and
      options   originally   issued  to  William  A.  Carter  and   subsequently
      transferred  to Carter  Investments  of which Dr. Carter is the beneficial
      owner.  These securities consist of warrants issued in 1998(a) to purchase
      490,000 shares of common stock consisting of 190,000  exercisable at $4.00
      per share expiring on January 1, 2008 and 300,000 exercisable at $2.38 per
      share  expiring  January 1,  2016;  (b)stock  options  granted in 1991 and
      extended in 1998 to purchase 73,728 shares of common stock  exercisable at
      $2.71 per share expiring on August 8, 2008 and (c)Warrants  issued in 2002
      to purchase  1,400,000  shares of common stock at $3.50 per share expiring
      on September 30, 2007.

(2)   Includes  shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) options  issued in 1997 to
      purchase  13,750 shares of common stock at $3.50 per share and expiring on
      January 22, 2007; (ii) options issued in 2001 to purchase 10,000 shares of
      common  stock at $4.03 per share and  expiring  on January 3, 2011;  (iii)
      warrants  issued in 2002 to  purchase  200,000  shares of common  stock at
      $2.00 per share  expiring on August 13, 2007;  (iv) options issued in 2005
      to purchase  100,000  shares of common  stock at $1.75 per share  expiring
      April 26, 2015;  (v) options  issued in 2005 to purchase  10,000 shares of
      Common Stock at $2.61 per share expiring  December 8, 2015; and (vi) 8,000
      shares of Common Stock. Also includes 243,824 warrants/options  originally
      issued to Robert E. Peterson and subsequently transferred to the Robert E.
      Peterson  Trust of which Robert E.  Peterson is owner and  Trustee.  These
      securities  include  options  issued in 2006 to purchase  50,000 shares of
      common stock exercisable at $3.66 per share expiring on February 28, 2016;
      warrants  issued in 1998 to  purchase  100,000  shares of common  stock at
      $5.00 per share  expiring on April 14,  2006;  warrants  issued in 2002 to
      purchase  30,000  shares of common  stock  exercisable  at $5.00 per share
      expiring  on April  30,  2006 and  63,824  stock  options  issued  in 2004
      consisting  of 50,000  options to acquire  common stock at $3.44 per share
      expiring on June 22, 2014 and 13,824  options to acquire  common  stock at
      $2.60 per share expiring on September 7, 2014.

                                       97
<PAGE>

(3)   Includes  shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) 20,000  warrants issued in
      1998 to purchase common stock at $4.00 per share,  originally  expiring on
      January 1, 2003 and  extended to January 1, 2008;  (ii)  100,000  warrants
      issued in 2002  exercisable  $2.00 per share  expiring on August 13, 2007;
      (iii) stock options  issued in 2005 to purchase  100,000  shares of common
      stock  exercisable at $1.75 per share expiring on April 26, 2015;  and(iv)
      stock  options  issued in 2004 to purchase  50,000  shares of common stock
      exercisable  at $2.60 per share  expiring on September 7, 2014;  (v) stock
      options  issued  in  2006  to  purchase  50,000  shares  of  common  stock
      exercisable at $3.86 per share expiring February 24, 2006 and (vi) 122,560
      shares of common  stock.  Also includes  200,000 stock options  originally
      granted  to  Ransom  Etheridge  in 2003 and  subsequently  transferred  to
      relatives and family trusts.  These stock options are exercisable at $2.75
      per share and expires on December 4, 2013. The transfers consist of 50,000
      options to the Etheridge Family Trust; 37,500 options to Julianne Inglima;
      37,500  options to Thomas  Inglima;  37,500  options  to R.  Etheridge-BMI
      Trust; and 37,500 options to R. Etheridge-TCI  Trust.  Julianne and Thomas
      are Mr. Etheridge's daughter and son-in-law.

(4)   Includes  shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) 20,000  warrants issued in
      1998 to purchase  common stock at $4.00 per share  originally  expiring on
      January 1, 2005 and  extended to January 1, 2008;  (ii)  100,000  warrants
      issued in 2003 exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on August 13, 2007;
      (iii)options  granted in 2004 to purchase  54,608  shares of common  stock
      exercisable  at $2.60 per share  expiring  on  September  17,  2014;  (iv)
      options  granted  in 2005 to  purchase  100,000  shares  of  common  stock
      exercisable  at $1.75 per share  expiring  on April  26,  2015;  (v) stock
      options  issued  in  2006  to  purchase  50,000  shares  of  common  stock
      exercisable  at $3.86 per share expiring  February 24, 2006;  (vi) 108,094
      shares of common stock owned by Mr.  Piani;  vii) 12,900  shares of common
      stock owned jointly by Mr. and Mrs. Piani;  and (viii) and 5,000 shares of
      common stock owned by Mrs. Piani.

(5)   Consists  of  41,667  options  exercisable  at $1.55  per  share  expiring
      February 14, 2015.  Shares owned includes 89,400 shares of common stock in
      which Mr.  Hulse has an undivided  interest.  These shares are held by The
      Sage Group of which Mr. Hulse is a principal.

(6)   Includes  shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) warrants issued in 1998 to
      purchase  12,000  shares of common  stock at $6.00 per share,  expiring on
      August 25, 2008; (ii) 100,000 warrants issued in 2002 exercisable at $2.00
      per share  expiring on August 13, 2007;  (iii) 50,000 stock options issued
      in 2004 exercisable at $2.60 per share expiring on September 7, 2014; (iv)
      100,000  stock  options  issued  in 2005  exercisable  at $1.75  per share
      expiring on April 26, 2015;  (v) stock options  issued in 2006 to purchase
      50,000  shares of common  stock  exercisable  at $3.86 per share  expiring
      February 24, 2006; and (vi) 85,884 shares of common stock.

(7)   (i) stock options issued in 1997 to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock
      at $3.50 per share expiring on February 22, 2007;  (ii) warrants issued in
      1998 to purchase  50,000 shares of common stock  exercisable  at $4.00 per
      share expiring on February 28, 2008;  (iii) stock options  granted in 2001
      to purchase  10,000 shares of common stock  exercisable at $4.03 per share
      expiring  on January 3, 2011;  (iv)  warrants  issued in 2002 to  purchase
      50,000 shares of common stock  exercisable  at $2.00 per share expiring on
      August 13,  2007;  (v) stock  options  issued in 2004 to  purchase  10,000
      shares of common stock exercisable at $1.90 per share expiring on December
      7, 2014;  (vi) stock options  issued in 2005 to purchase  10,000 shares of
      Common Stock at $2.61 per share expiring December 8, 2015 and (vii) 10,746
      shares of common stock.

                                       98
<PAGE>

(8)   Consists of shares  issuable upon exercise of(i) 5,000 warrants  issued in
      1998 to purchase  common stock at $4.00 per share  expiring  June 7, 2008;
      (ii)  20,000  warrants  issued  in 2002  exercisable  at $2.00  per  share
      expiring in August 13,  2007;  (iii) 6,791  stock  options  issued in 1997
      exercisable at $3.50 expiring  January 22, 2007; (iv) 10,000 stock options
      issued in 2001  exercisable at $4.03 per share  expiring  January 3, 2011;
      (v) 10,000 stock options  issued in 2004  exercisable at $1.90 expiring on
      December  7, 2014;  and 10,000  stock  options  issued in 2005 to purchase
      Common Stock at $2.61 per share expiring December 8, 2015.

(9)   Consists of shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) 12,000 options issued in
      2005  exercisable at $1.63 per share expiring on June 2, 2015; (ii) 15,000
      options  issued in 2005  exercisable  at $1.75 per share expiring on April
      26, 2015;  (iii) stock options issued in 2006 to purchase 50,000 shares of
      common stock  exercisable at $3.86 per share  expiring  February 24, 2006;
      and (iv) 20,797 shares of common stock.

(10)  Consists of 15,000 stock options granted in 2005  exercisable at $1.75 per
      share expiring on April 26, 2015; stock options issued in 2006 to purchase
      50,000  shares of common  stock  exercisable  at $3.86 per share  expiring
      February 24, 2006; and 132,883 shares of common stock.

(11)  Consists of 10,000 stock options granted in 2004  exercisable at $1.90 per
      share of common  stock  expiring  on December  7, 2014;  and 10,000  stock
      options  issued  in 2005 to  purchase  Common  Stock  at $2.61  per  share
      expiring December 8, 2015.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

      We have employment  agreements with certain of our executive  officers and
have granted such  officers and  directors  options and warrants to purchase our
common   stock,   as  discussed   under  the  headings,   "Item  11.   Executive
Compensation," and "Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management," above.

      Ransom  W.  Etheridge,  our  Secretary,  General  Counsel  and  one of our
directors,  is an attorney in private  practice,  who  renders  corporate  legal
services  to us from  time to time,  for  which he has  received  fees  totaling
$96,000 in 2005. In addition, Mr. Etheridge serves on the Board of Directors for
which he received  Director's Fees of cash and stock valued at $100,000 in 2005.
We loaned  $60,000 to Ransom W.  Etheridge in November,  2001 for the purpose of
exercising 15,000 class A redeemable warrants. This loan bore interest at 6% per
annum.  In lieu of granting  Mr.  Etheridge a bonus for  outstanding  legal work
performed on behalf of the Company,  the Board of Directors forgave the loan and
accrued interest on February 24, 2006.

      Richard  Piani,  a  Director,  lives in Paris,  France  and  assisted  our
European  subsidiaries  in their  dealings  with  medical  institutions  and the
European  Medical  Evaluation  Authority.  Mr.  Piani  assisted  the  Company in
establishing clinical trial protocols as well as performed other scientific work
for the Company.  The services  provided by Mr.  Piani  terminated  in September
2003.  For these  services,  Mr. Piani was paid an aggregate of $100,100 for the
year ended December 31, 2003.

      We paid  $18,800,  and $7,600 for the years  ended  December  31, 2003 and
2004,  respectively  to Carter  Realty  for the rent of  property  used by us at
various  times in years 2003 and 2004 by us. The  property  was owned by others,
but was  acquired  in late  2004 by  Retreat  House,  LLC an entity in which the
children of William A. Carter have a beneficial interest. We paid Retreat House,
LLC $54,400 for the use of the property at various times in 2005.

                                      99
<PAGE>

      Antoni Esteve,  one of our former directors,  is a Member of the Executive
Committee and Director of Scientific and Commercial  Operations of  Laboratorios
Del Dr.  Esteve S.A. In March 2002,  our  European  subsidiary  Hemispherx  S.A.
entered into a Sales and Distribution Agreement with Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve
S.A. In addition, in March 2003, we issued 347,445 shares of our common stock to
Provesan SA, an affiliate of  Laboratorios  Del Dr. Esteve S.A., in exchange for
1,000,000 Euros of convertible preferred equity certificates of Hemispherx S.A.,
owned by Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve S.A.

      We have engaged the Sage Group, Inc., a health care,  technology oriented,
strategy and  transaction  advisory  firm, to assist us in obtaining a strategic
alliance  in  Japan  for the use of  Ampligen(R)  in  treating  Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome or CFS. R. Douglas Hulse, our President and Chief Operating Officer, is
a  member  and an  executive  director  of  The  Sage  Group,  Inc.  Please  see
"Employment and Change in Control Agreements" in Item 11. Executive Compensation
above for more information.

ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

All audit and professional services provided by BDO Seidman, LLP are approved by
the Audit Committee.  The total fees billed by BDO Seidman, LLP were $226,484 in
2004 and $176,202 in 2005.  The following  table shows the aggregate fees billed
to us by BDO Seidman,  LLP for  professional  services  rendered during the year
ended December 31, 2005.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------------------------------ -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                            Amount ($)
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
Description of Fees                                         2004                                   2005
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>                                    <C>
Audit Fees                                                $226,484                               $176,202
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
Audit-Related Fees                                           -                                      -
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
Tax Fees                                                     -                                      -
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
All Other Fees                                               -                                      -
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- -------------------------------------

------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
Total                                                     $226,484                               $176,202
                                                          ========                               ========
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Audit Fees

      Represents fees for  professional  services  provided for the audit of our
annual  financial  statements,  services  that  are  performed  to  comply  with
generally accepted auditing  standards,  and review of our financial  statements
included in our quarterly  reports and services in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings.

Audit-Related Fees

      Represents the fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements.

      The Audit  Committee has determined  that BDO Seidman,  LLP's rendering of
these non-audit services is compatible with maintaining  auditors  independence.
The Board of Directors considers BDO Seidman,  LLP to be well qualified to serve
as our independent public  accountants.  The committee also approved the charges
for services performed in 2005.

                                      100
<PAGE>

      The Audit  Committee  pre-approves  all  auditing  services  and the terms
thereof  (which  may  include  providing  comfort  letters  in  connection  with
securities  underwriting) and non-audit  services (other than non-audit services
prohibited  under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act or the applicable  rules of
the SEC or the Public Company  Accounting  Oversight Board) to be provided to us
by the independent auditor;  provided,  however, the pre-approval requirement is
waived with respect to the  provisions  of non-audit  services for us if the "de
minimus"  provisions of Section 10A (i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act are satisfied.
This authority to pre-approve non-audit services may be delegated to one or more
members of the Audit  Committee,  who shall present all decisions to pre-approve
an activity to the full Audit  Committee  at its first  meeting  following  such
decision.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a)(1)(2)Financial  Statements and Schedules - See index to financial statements
on page F-1 of this Annual Report.

(a)(3) Exhibits - See exhibit index below.

Except as disclosed in the footnotes, the following exhibits were filed with the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as exhibits to our Form S-1  Registration
Statement (No.  33-93314) or amendments  thereto and are hereby  incorporated by
reference:

Exhibit
No.                     Description

2.1         First Asset Purchase  Agreement dated March 11, 2003, by and between
            the Company and ISI.(1) 2.2 Second Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated
            March 11, 2003, by and between the Company and ISI.(1)
3.1         Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as
            amended, along with Certificates of Designations.
3.1.1       Series E Preferred Stock.
3.2         By-laws of Registrant, as amended.
4.1         Specimen certificate representing our Common Stock.
4.2         Rights Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2002, between the Company
            and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  The Right Agreement
            includes the Form of Certificate  of  Designation,  Preferences  and
            Rights of the Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred  Stock,  the
            Form of Rights  Certificate and the Summary of the Right to Purchase
            Preferred Stock.(2)
4.3         Form of 6%  Convertible  Debenture  of the  Company  issued in March
            2003.(1)
4.4         Form of Warrant  for  Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in March
            2003.(1)
4.5         Form of  Warrant  for  Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in June
            2003.(3)
4.6         Form of 6%  Convertible  Debenture  of the  Company  issued  in July
            2003.(4)
4.7         Form of  Warrant  for  Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in July
            2003.(4)
4.8         Form of 6%  Convertible  Debenture of the Company  issued in October
            2003.(5)
4.9         Form of Warrant for Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in October
            2003.(5)
4.10        Form of 6%  Convertible  Debenture of the Company  issued in January
            2004.(6)
4.11        Form of Warrant for Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in January
            2004.(6)
4.12        Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company. (9)

                                      101
<PAGE>

4.13        Amendment  Agreement,  effective  October 6, 2005,  by and among the
            Company and debenture  holders.(11)
4.14        Form of Series A amended 7%  Convertible  Debenture  of the  Company
            (amending Debenture due October 31, 2005).(11)
4.15        Form of Series B amended 7%  Convertible  Debenture  of the  Company
            (amending  Debenture  issued on January 26, 2004 and due January 31,
            2006).(11)
4.16        Form of Series C amended 7%  Convertible  Debenture  of the  Company
            (amending  Debenture  issued on July 13,  2004 and due  January  31,
            2006).(11)
4.17        Form of Warrant issued effective October 6, 2005 for Common Stock of
            the Company.(11)
10.1        1990 Stock Option Plan.
10.2        1992 Stock Option Plan.
10.3        1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
10.4        Form of Confidentiality, Invention and Non-Compete Agreement.
10.5        Form of Clinical Research Agreement.
10.6        Form of Collaboration Agreement.
10.7        Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company
            and Dr. William A. Carter, dated as of July 1, 1993. (7)
10.8        Employment  Agreement  by and between the  Registrant  and Robert E.
            Peterson, dated April 1, 2001.
10.9        License  Agreement by and between the Company and The Johns  Hopkins
            University, dated December 31, 1980.
10.10       Technology  Transfer,  Patent  License and Supply  Agreement  by and
            between the Company, Pharmacia LKB Biotechnology Inc., Pharmacia P-L
            Biochemicals  Inc.  and E.I. du Pont de Nemours and  Company,  dated
            November 24, 1987.
10.11       Pharmaceutical Use Agreement,  by and between the Company and Temple
            University, dated August 3, 1988.
10.12       Assignment  and  Research  Support  Agreement  by  and  between  the
            Company,  Hahnemann  University and Dr. David  Strayer,  Dr. lsadore
            Brodsky and Dr. David Gillespie, dated June 30, 1989.
10.13       Lease   Agreement   between  the   Company  and  Red  Gate   Limited
            Partnership,  dated  November  1, 1989,  relating  to the  Company's
            Rockville, Maryland facility.
10.14       Agreement between the Company and Bioclones (Proprietary) Limited.
10.15       Amendment,  dated August 3, 1995,  to Agreement  between the Company
            and Bioclones (Proprietary) Limited (contained in Exhibit 10.14).
10.16       Licensing Agreement with Core BioTech Corp.
10.17       Licensing Agreement with BioPro Corp.
10.18       Licensing Agreement with BioAegean Corp.
10.19       Agreement with Esteve.
10.20       Agreement with Accredo (formerly Gentiva) Health Services.
10.21       Agreement with Biovail Corporation International.
10.22       Forbearance  Agreement dated March 11, 2003, by and between ISI, the
            American National Red Cross and the Company.(1)
10.23       Forbearance  Agreement  dated March 11, 2003, by and between ISI, GP
            Strategies Corporation and the Company.(1)
10.24       Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated March 12, 2003, by and among
            the Company and the Buyers named therein.(1)
10.25       Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated March 12, 2003, by and among
            the Company and the Buyers named therein.(1)
10.26       Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 10, 2003, by and among the
            Company and the Buyers named therein.(4)
10.27       Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 10, 2003, by and among the
            Company and the Buyers named therein.(4)
10.28       Securities Purchase Agreement,  dated October 29, 2003, by and among
            the Company and the Buyers named therein.(5)

                                      102
<PAGE>

10.29       Registration Rights Agreement,  dated October 29, 2003, by and among
            the Company and the Buyers named therein.(5)
10.30       Securities Purchase Agreement,  dated January 26, 2004, by and among
            the Company and the Buyers named therein.(6)
10.31       Registration Rights Agreement,  dated January 26, 2004, by and among
            the Company and the Buyers named therein.(6)
10.32       Memorandum of Understanding with Fujisawa. (8)
10.33       Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 30, 2004, by and among the
            Company and the Purchasers named therein.(9)
10.34       Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 30, 2004, by and among the
            Company and the Purchasers named therein. (9)
10.35       Agreement for services of R. Douglas Hulse, (12)
10.36       Amended and Restated Employment  Agreement of Dr. William A. Carter.
            (10)
10.37       Engagement Agreement with Dr. William A. Carter. (10)
10.38       Amended and restated  employment  agreement of Dr. William A. Carter
            (12)
10.39       Amended and restated engagement agreement with Dr. William A. Carter
            (12)
10.40       Amended and restated  engagement  agreement  with Robert E. Peterson
            (12)
10.41       Engagement Agreement with Ransom W. Etheridge (12)
10.42       Change in control agreement with Dr. William A. Carter (12)
10.43       Change in control agreement with Dr. William A. Carter (12)
10.44       Change in control agreement with Robert E. Peterson (12)
10.45       Change in control agreement with Ransom Etheridge (12)
10.46       Supply Agreement with Hollister-Stier Laboratories LLC
10.47       Manufacturing and Safety Agreement with Hyaluron, Inc.
21          Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
23.1        BDO Seidman, LLP consent.(13) (To be filed by Amendment)
31.1        Certification  pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
            2002 from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.(13)
31.2        Certification  pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
            2002 from the Company's Chief Financial Officer.(13)
32.1        Certification  pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
            2002 from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.(13)
32.2        Certification  pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
            2002 from the Company's Chief Financial Officer.(13)
---------------------------------
(1) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated March 12, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(2) Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2002 as an
exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A (No. 0-27072) and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(3) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated June 27, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(4) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated July 14, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(5) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated October 30, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.


                                      103
<PAGE>

(6) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated January 27, 2004 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(7) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  quarterly  report on Form 10-Q (No.  1-13441)  for the  period  ended
September 30, 2001 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(8) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Form  S-1  Registration  Statement  (No.  333-113796)  and is  hereby
incorporated by reference.

(9) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated August 6, 2004 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(10) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated September 15, 2004 and
is hereby incorporated by reference.

(11) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A-1 (No. 1-13441) filed on October 28, 2005
and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(12) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  annual report on Form 10-K (No.  1-13441) for the year ended December
31, 2004 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(13) Filed herewith.

                                      104
<PAGE>

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ William A. Carter
    ---------------------------------------------
        William A. Carter, M.D.
        Chief Executive Officer

March 31, 2006


Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
of 1934, as amended,  this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of this Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                             <C>                                         <C>
/s/ William A. Carter                           Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
----------------------
William A. Carter, M.D.                         Officer and Director                        March 31, 2006

/s/ Richard Piani                               Director                                    March 31, 2006
---------------------
Richard Piani

/s/ Robert E. Peterson                          Chief Financial Officer                     March 31, 2006
----------------------
Robert E. Peterson

/s/ Ransom Etheridge                            Secretary And Director                      March 31, 2006
----------------------
Ransom Etheridge

/s/ William Mitchell                            Director                                    March 31, 2006
---------------------
William Mitchell, M.D., Ph.D.

/s/ Steven Spence                               Director                                    March 31, 2006
-----------------
Steven Spence

/s/ Iraj E. Kiani                               Director                                    March 31, 2006
-----------------
Iraj E. Kiani, Ph.D.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>


                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES
              Index to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements

      The following Financial  Statements have not been audited and no auditor's
report is filed herewith.
                                                                            Page

  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2004 and 2005. .               F-3

  Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2005. . . . . .                F-4

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
  and Comprehensive (Loss) for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2005  . . . . .                F-5

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2005 . . . . . .               F-7

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . .               F-9

<PAGE>


                           Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
                        Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Column A                                             Column B             Column C             Column D             Column E

                                                    Balance at                                                     Balance at
                                                   beginning of           Charge to           Write-offs         end of period
Description                                           period               expense

Year Ended December 31, 2005
<S>                                                <C>                                              <C>            <C>
Reserve for inventory                              $     225                     -                  (125)          $     100

Year Ended December 31, 2004
Reserve for inventory                              $       -                   225                      -          $     225

Year Ended December 31, 2003
Reserve for inventory                              $       -                     -                      -          $       -
</TABLE>


                                      F-2
<PAGE>





                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets
                           December 31, 2004 and 2005
                                 (in thousands)
                                  (Unaudited)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2004           2005
                                                       ---------      ---------
                                                      (restated)

ASSETS

Current assets:
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>
 Cash and cash equivalents (Note 18)                   $   8,813      $   3,827
 Short term investments (Note 6)                           7,924         12,377
 Inventory (Note 4)                                        2,148          1,767
 Accounts and other receivables (Note 3)                     139             96
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                   266            216
                                                       ---------      ---------
         Total current assets                             19,290         18,283
                                                       ---------      ---------

Property and equipment, net (Note 3)                       3,303          3,364
Patent and trademark rights, net (Note 3)                    908            795
Investment                                                    35             35
Construction in progress                                      --            821
Deferred financing costs                                     440             57
Advance receivable (Note 8)                                1,300          1,300
Other assets                                                  17             17
                                                       ---------      ---------
         Total assets                                  $  25,293      $  24,672
                                                       =========      =========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                      $     526      $     995
 Accrued expenses (Note 7 and 15)                          1,012            623
 Current portion of long-term debt (Note 8)                2,007             --
                                                       ---------      ---------
 Total current liabilities                                 3,545          1,618
                                                       ---------      ---------

 Long-Term Debt-net of current portion (Note 8)              188          3,217

Commitments and contingencies
(Notes 11, 13, 14, and 16)

Stockholders' equity (Note 9):
 Common stock                                                 50             56
 Additional paid-in capital                              157,984        169,629
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss                        (10)          (171)
 Accumulated deficit                                    (136,464)      (149,677)
                                                       ---------      ---------
 Total stockholders' equity                               21,560         19,837
                                                       ---------      ---------

 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity            $  25,293      $  24,672
                                                       =========      =========
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-3
<PAGE>

                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations
                 For each of the years in the three-year period
                     ended December 31, 2005 (in thousands,
                        except share and per share data)
                                  (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Years ended December 31,
                                                ------------------------------------------------
                                                    2003             2004              2005
                                                ------------      ------------      ------------
                                                                   (restated)
                                                  (restated)
<S>                                             <C>               <C>               <C>
Revenues:
Sales of product net                            $        509      $      1,050      $        910
Clinical treatment programs                              148               179               173
                                                ------------      ------------      ------------

Total Revenues:                                          657             1,229             1,083

Costs and expenses:
Production/cost of goods sold                            502             2,112               391
Research and development                               3,150             3,842             5,144
General and administrative                             4,257             6,164             5,187
                                                ------------      ------------      ------------

Total costs and expenses                               7,909            12,118            10,722

Write off of  investments in unconsolidated
affiliates (Note 3c)                                      --              (373)               --
Interest and other income                                 80                49               831
Interest expense                                        (253)             (384)             (388)
Financing costs (Note 8)                              (6,568)          (11,801)           (4,017)
                                                ------------      ------------      ------------


Net loss                                        $    (13,993)     $    (23,398)     $    (13,213)
                                                ============      ============      ============

Basic and diluted loss per share                $       (.40)     $       (.52)     $       (.26)
                                                ============      ============      ============

Weighted average shares outstanding               35,234,526        45,177,862        51,475,192
                                                ============      ============      ============
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>



                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
      Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
              and Comprehensive (loss) For each of the years in the
                    three-year period ended December 31, 2004
                        (in thousands except share data)
                                  (Unaudited)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                         Common        Common       Additional       Accumulated
                                                                         Stock       Stock .001       paid-in          other
                                                                         Shares       Par Value       capital      Comprehensive
                                                                    ------------  ----------      -----------      --------------

<S>                 <C> <C>                                           <C>                 <C>         <C>                   <C>
Balance at December 31, 2002                                          32,650,178          33          107,155               35
Debt conversion and interest payments                                  4,334,916           4            6,741               --
Fair value ascribed to debenture beneficial conversion features               --          --            9,079               --
and related warrants issued
Warrants exercised                                                       790,745           1            1,234               --
Common stock issued in connection with ISI acquisition                 1,068,789           1            1,667               --
Reclassification of redeemable Common Stock in connection with                --          --               --               --
ISI acquisition                                                             (491)         --               --               --
Treasury stock purchased                                                      --          --               --               --
Treasury Stock retired                                                  (339,543)         --           (4,272)              --
Conversion of minority interest of subsidiary into common stock          347,445          --              946               --
Stock issued in settlement of debt                                       215,047          --              474               --
Stock warrant compensation expense                                            --          --              237               --
Net comprehensive loss                                                        --          --               --              (35)

Balance December 31, 2003 (restated)                                  39,067,577          39          122,770               --
                                                                    ------------  ----------      -----------      -----------
Treasury shares sold                                                          --          --               --               --
Shares issued for:
   Payment of accounts payable                                           127,243          --              382               --
   Original Issue Discount on convertible debt                           158,104          --              465               --
   Purchase of building                                                  487,028           1            1,626               --
   Conversion of debt                                                  3,691,695           5            7,239               --
   Interest on convertible debt                                          170,524          --              430               --
   Private placement, net of issuance costs                            3,617,306           3            6,981               --
   Warrants exercised                                                  2,268,586           2            5,091               --

Stock Issued with convertible debt                                        43,703          --            8,540               --
Conversion price adjustment                                                1,038          --            1,038               --
Reclassification of redeemable Common Stock in connection with                --          --              491               --
ISI acquisition
Options and warrants issued for services                                      --          --            2,000               --
Revaluation of redemption obligation                                          --          --              931               --
Net comprehensive loss                                                        --          --               --              (10)
                                                                    ------------  ----------      -----------      -----------
Balance December 31, 2004 (restated)                                  49,631,766          50          159,984              (10)
                                                                    ============  ==========      ===========      ===========
Shares issued for:
   Payment of accounts payable                                           343,995          --              218               --
   Conversion of debt                                                  1,358,887           1            2,219               --
   Interest on convertible debt                                          255,741                          409               --
   Private placement, net of issuance costs                            4,673,766           5            8,029               --
Options and warrants issued for services                                      --          --              383               --
Conversion price adjustment                                                   --          --              697               --
Discount resulting from debt refinance                                        --          --              361               --
Net comprehensive loss                                                        --          --               --             (161)
                                                                    ------------  ----------      -----------      -----------
Balance December 31, 2005                                             56,264,155       $  56        $ 169,629          $  (171)
                                                                    ============  ==========      ===========      ===========
</TABLE>


                                      F-5
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                    Treasury    Treasury    stockholders
                                                                     Accumulated      stock        Stock       equity
                                                                       deficit       shares
                                                                    ------------  ----------      -----------      -----------
<S>                                                                     <C>         <C>               <C>               <C>
Balance at December 31, 2002                                             (99,073)    543,206           (4,520)           3,630
Debt conversion and interest payments                                         --          --               --            6,745
Fair value ascribed to debenture beneficial conversion features               --          --               --            9,079
and related warrants issued
Warrants exercised                                                            --          --               --            1,235
Common stock issued in connection with ISI acquisition                        --          --               --            1,668
Reclassification of redeemable Common Stock in connection with                --          --               --               --
ISI acquisition                                                                                                           (491)
Treasury stock purchased                                                      --      43,000              (83)             (83)
Treasury Stock retired                                                        --    (339,543)           4,144             (128)
Conversion of minority interest of subsidiary into common stock               --          --               --              946
Stock issued in settlement of debt                                            --    (246,220)             457              931
Stock warrant compensation expense                                            --          --               --              237
Net comprehensive loss                                                   (13,993)         --               --          (14,028)
                                                                    ------------  ----------      -----------      -----------
Balance December 31, 2003 (restated)                                    (113,066)        443               (2)           9,741
Treasury shares sold                                                          --        (443)               2                2
Shares issued for:
   Payment of accounts payable                                                --          --               --              382
   Original Issue Discount on convertible debt                                --          --               --              465
   Purchase of building                                                       --          --               --            1,627
   Conversion of debt                                                         --          --               --            7,244
   Interest on convertible debt                                               --          --               --              430
   Private placement, net of issuance costs                                   --          --               --            6,984
   Warrants exercised                                                         --          --               --            5,093

Stock Issued with convertible debt                                            --          --               --            8,540
Conversion price adjustment
Reclassification of redeemable Common Stock in connection with                --          --               --              491
ISI acquisition
Options and warrants issued for services                                      --          --               --            2,000
Revaluation of redemption obligation                                          --          --               --              931
Net comprehensive loss                                                   (23,398)         --               --          (23,408)
                                                                    ------------  ----------      -----------      -----------
Balance December 31, 2004 (restated)                                    (136,464)         --               --           21,560

Shares issued for:
   Payment of accounts payable                                                --          --               --              218
   Conversion of debt                                                         --          --               --            2,220
   Interest on convertible debt                                               --          --               --              409
   Private placement, net of issuance costs                                   --          --               --            8,034
Options and warrants issued for services                                      --          --               --               26
Conversion price adjustment                                                   --          --               --              697
Discount resulting from debt refinance                                        --          --               --              361
Net comprehensive loss                                                   (13,213)         --               --          (13,374)
                                                                    ------------  ----------      -----------      -----------
Balance December 31, 2005                                              $(149,697)         --            $  --         $ 19,837
                                                                    ============  ==========      ===========      ===========
</TABLE>

              See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                      F-6
<PAGE>


                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2005
                                 (in thousands)
                                  (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Years ended December 31,
                                                                                -------------------------------------
                                                                                 2003             2004          2005
                                                                                 ----             ----          ----
Cash flows from operating activities:                                           (restated)    (restated)

<S>                                                                             <C>           <C>           <C>
 Net loss                                                                       $(13,993)     $(23,398)     $(13,213)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
 Depreciation of property and
   Equipment                                                                          80           113           114
 Amortization of patent and
   Trademark rights                                                                  122           327           281
 Amortization of deferred
   Financing costs                                                                 9,116        11,801         4,017
 Write off of Investments in unconsolidated
   Affiliates
                                                                                      --           373            --
 Stock option and warrant
   Compensation and service
   Expense                                                                           237         2,000           383
Inventory reserve                                                                     --           225          (125)
Interest on Convertible Debt                                                         253           384           409
Changes in assets and liabilities:
 Inventory                                                                        (1,429)          523           505
 Accounts and other receivables                                                    1,225           143            43
 Prepaid expenses and other
   Current assets                                                                    (98)          (96)           51
 Accounts payable                                                                   (551)           36           687
 Accrued expenses                                                                    558           323          (388)
 Other assets                                                                          6             6            --
                                                                                --------      --------      --------

 Net cash used in operating
   Activities                                                                     (7,022)       (7,240)       (7,236)
                                                                                --------      --------      --------

Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchase of property and
   Equipment, net                                                                    (19)         (150)         (175)
 Additions to patent and trademark
   Rights                                                                           (154)         (208)         (168)
 Construction in progress                                                             --            --          (827)
 Maturity of short term
   Investments                                                                       520         1,496         7,934
 Purchase of short term
   Investments                                                                    (1,496)       (7,934)      (12,548)
 Deferred acquisition costs                                                         (638)
                                                                                --------      --------      --------

 Net cash used in
   Investing Activities                                                           (1,787)       (6,796)       (5,784)
                                                                                --------      --------      --------
</TABLE>
                                   (CONTINUED)

                                      F-7
<PAGE>



                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                 (in thousands)
                                  (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             Years ended December 31,
                                                       -------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>            <C>
                                                           2003         2004           2005
                                                           ----         ----           ----
Cash flows from financing activities:

 Proceeds from issuance of common
   stock, net                                          $     --      $  6,984      $  8,034
 Deferred financing costs                                  (835)         (542)           --
 Proceeds from long-term borrowing                       11,300         7,550            --
 Advance receivable                                      (1,300)           --            --
 Proceeds from exercise of stock
   Warrants                                               1,235         5,093            --
 Purchase of treasury stock                                 (83)           --            --

                                                       --------      --------      --------
 Net cash provided by financing
   Activities                                            10,317        19,085         8,034
                                                       --------      --------      --------

 Net increase (decrease) in cash
   and cash equivalents                                   1,508         5,049        (4,986)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
                                                          2,256         3,764         8,813
                                                       --------      --------      --------

Cash and cash equivalents  at end of year
                                                       $  3,764      $  8,813      $  3,827
                                                       ========      ========      ========

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Issuance of common stock for
accounts payable and accrued
expenses                                               $    931      $    382      $    218
                                                       ========      ========      ========

Issuance of Common Stock for
Acquisition of ISI assets                              $  1,668      $  1,627      $     --
                                                       ========      ========      ========
Stock Options and
Warrants                                               $    237      $  2,000      $    383
                                                       ========      ========      ========
Debt Conversion, Interest
Payments and debt payments
Common Stock Issued for
Conversion of Minority Interest
in Subsidiary                                          $  6,745      $  7,674      $  2,629
                                                       ========      ========      ========

Debt Conversion, Interest
Payments and debt payments
Common Stock Issued for
Conversion of Minority Interest
in Subsidiary                                          $    946            --            --
                                                       ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-8
<PAGE>



                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Unaudited)

(1) Business

      Hemispherx   Biopharma,   Inc.  and   subsidiaries   (the  Company)  is  a
biopharmaceutical  company  engaged in the  clinical  development,  manufacture,
marketing and  distribution  of new drug entities based on natural immune system
enhancing  technologies  for the  treatment  of viral and immune  based  chronic
disorders.  The Company was founded in the early 1970s, as a contract researcher
for the National  Institutes  of Health.  The Company has  established  a strong
foundation of  laboratory,  pre-clinical,  and clinical data with respect to the
development of nucleic acids to enhance the natural  antiviral defense system of
the  human  body and to aid the  development  of  therapeutic  products  for the
treatment  of  chronic  diseases.   The  Company  owns  a  U.S.  Food  and  Drug
Administration ("FDA") approved GMP (good manufacturing  practice) manufacturing
facility in New Jersey.

      The  Company's  flagship  products  include   Ampligen(R)  and  Alferon  N
Injection(R).   Ampligen(R)  is  an  experimental   drug   undergoing   clinical
development  for the treatment  of:  Myalgic  Encephalomyelitis/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS" or "CFS"), and HIV. In August 2004, we completed a Phase III
clinical  trial ("AMP 516") treating over 230 ME/CFS  patients with  Ampligen(R)
and are in the process of preparing a new drug  application  ("NDA") to be filed
with the FDA.

      In March 2004, the Company  completed the  step-by-step  acquisition  from
Interferon  Sciences,  Inc.  ("ISI")  of  ISI's  commercial  assets,  Alferon  N
Injection(R)  inventory,  a worldwide  license for the production,  manufacture,
use,  marketing and sale of Alferon N Injection(R),  as well as, a 43,000 square
foot   manufacturing   facility  in  New  Jersey  and  the  acquisition  of  all
intellectual property related to Alferon Injection(R). Alferon N Injection(R) is
a natural alpha interferon that has been approved by the FDA for commercial sale
for the  intra-lesional  treatment of refractory or recurring  external  genital
warts in patients 18 years of age or older.  The  acquisition  was  completed in
Spring 2004 with the acquisition of all world wide commercial rights.

      The consolidated  financial statements include the financial statements of
Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. and its wholly-owned  subsidiaries.  The Company has
three  domestic  subsidiaries  BioPro Corp.,  BioAegean  Corp.  and Core BioTech
Corp., all of which are incorporated in Delaware and are dormant.  The Company's
foreign subsidiaries  include Hemispherx Biopharma Europe N.V./S.A.  established
in  Belgium  in 1998 and  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe  S. A.  incorporated  in
Luxemburg in 2002 which is also dormant. All significant  intercompany  balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

(2)   Restatements

      (a)   On March 29, 2006, after doing additional analysis on guidelines set
            forth in EITF  00-27:  Application  of  Issue  No.  98-5 to  Certain
            Convertible  Instruments,  it was  determined  that  the  accounting
            treatment for the March 2003, July 2003,  October 2003, January 2004
            and  July  2004  Debentures  (collectively,  the  "Debentures")  was
            inaccurately  reflected in the financial statements for the quarters
            and years ended  included in our Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            years  ended  December  31,  2004 and  2003,  and for the  quarterly
            periods  ended March 31, 2003,  June 30, 2003,  September  30, 2003,
            March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004,  September 30, 2004,  March 31, 2005,
            June 30, 2005 and September 30, 2005,  included within our Quarterly
            Reports  on Form  10-Q and that,  therefore,  a  restatement  of our
            financial  statements for the periods referenced above was required.
            In connection with the initial recording of the Debentures mentioned
            above, it was originally determined that the discount related to the
            embedded  conversion  features and warrant  issuances  calculated at
            fair value was  approximately  $1,607,000,  $2,724,000,  $2,879,000,
            $2,272,000  and $1,260,000  for the March 2003,  July 2003,  October
            2003,  January  2004 and July  2004  Debentures,  respectively.  The
            discount  derived  from  determining  the fair value of the embedded
            conversion  feature and warrant  issuances is amortized to financing
            costs over the life of the  debenture  or charged to earnings on the
            earlier  conversion  thereof.  To  properly  account for the initial
            calculation of the discount, the Company determined,  under guidance
            from  EITF  00-27:   Application   of  Issue  No.  98-5  to  Certain
            Convertible  Instruments,  the debt discount  should be restated for
            the March 2003, July 2003,  October 2003, January 2004 and July 2004
            Debentures to  $2,098,000,  $2,280,000,  $3,177,000,  $1,998,000 and
            $628,000,  respectively. The total impact of this restatement on our
            statement  of  operations  was to decrease the net loss for the year
            ended  December  31,  2004 by  $382,000  or $0.01  per  share and an
            increase  in net loss of  $301,000 or $0.01 per share for the period
            ended December 31, 2003.

                                      F-9
<PAGE>

      (b)   On March 29, 2006, it was determined  that the accounting  treatment
            for the  investment  banking  fees  paid to  Cardinal  Capital,  LLC
            ("Cardinal")  in  connection   with  the  Debenture   issuances  was
            inaccurately  reflected in the financial statements for the quarters
            and years ended  included in our Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            years  ended  December  31,  2004 and  2003,  and for the  quarterly
            periods  ended March 31, 2003,  June 30, 2003,  September  30, 2003,
            March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004,  September 30, 2004,  March 31, 2005,
            June 30, 2005 and September 30, 2005,  included within our Quarterly
            Reports  on Form  10-Q and that,  therefore,  a  restatement  of our
            financial  statements for the periods referenced above was required.
            In connection with the initial recording of the Debentures mentioned
            above,  it was  originally  determined  that the  fair  value of the
            warrants  issued  as  investment   banking  fees  paid  to  Cardinal
            Securities,  LLC, be accounted  for as a discount to the  underlying
            Debentures  and amortized  over the life of the debenture or charged
            to earnings  on the earlier  conversion  thereof.  These  investment
            banking fees should have been capitalized as an asset on the balance
            sheet and  amortized  over the life of the  debenture  or charged to
            earnings  on  the  earlier  conversion  thereof.  In  addition,  our
            calculation of the fair value of the warrants  issued to Cardinal as
            part of the  Debenture  issuances as a discount to the Debenture was
            determined  to be  overstated  at the time of  issuance.  The  total
            impact of this  restatement  on our statement of  operations  was to
            decrease  the net loss  for the  year  ended  December  31,  2004 by
            $460,000  or $.01 and an increase to the net loss for the year ended
            December 31, 2003 of $138,000 or $0.00 per share.

      (c)   On March 29, 2006, after doing additional analysis on guidelines set
            forth in EITF  00-27:  Application  of  Issue  No.  98-5 to  Certain
            Convertible  Instruments,  it was  determined  that  the  accounting
            treatment for the conversion  price reset on the July 2003,  January
            2004 and July 2004  debentures  was  inaccurately  reflected  in the
            financial  statements  for the quarters and years ended  included in
            our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2004
            and 2003, and for the quarterly  periods ended September 2003, March
            31, 2004,  June 30, 2004,  September 30, 2004,  March 31, 2005, June
            30, 2005 and  September  30,  2005,  included  within our  Quarterly
            Reports  on Form  10-Q and that,  therefore,  a  restatement  of our
            financial  statements for the periods referenced above was required.
            A conversion  price reset was  triggered on the July 2003  Debenture
            upon the issuance of the October  2003  Debenture.  In  addition,  a
            conversion  price reset was  triggered  on both the January 2004 and
            July 2004  debentures  upon the closing of the August  2004  Private
            Placement  (See  Note  8  &  9  contained  within  the  consolidated
            financial  statements  contained  herein  for  more  details  on the
            resets).  Under the previous accounting  treatment,  The Company did
            not  properly  account for the  conversion  price resets on the July
            2003,  January 2004 and July 2004  debentures..  To properly account
            for the  conversion  price  resets,  the Company  determined,  under
            guidance from EITF 00-27:  Application  of Issue No. 98-5 to Certain
            Convertible  Instruments,  an additional  debt discount  should have
            been  recorded  for the  July  2003,  January  2004  and  July  2004
            Debentures  of  approximately   $741,000,   $915,000  and  $632,000,
            respectively.  The total impact of this restatement on our statement
            of  operations  was to  increase  the net loss  for the  year  ended
            December  31, 2004 and 2003 by  $1,037,000  and $58,000 or $0.02 and
            $0.00 per share, respectively.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>

      (d)   On March 29, 2006, it was determined  that the accounting  treatment
            for the warrant  conversion  price  reset on the July 2009  Warrants
            (See  Note  8  "January  2004  Debenture"  within  the  consolidated
            financial  statements  contained  herein  for  more  detail  on this
            transaction) was inaccurately  reflected in the financial statements
            for the quarter and year ended included in our Annual Report on Form
            10-K for the year ended  December  31, 2004,  and for the  quarterly
            period ended March 31, 2005,  included within our Quarterly  Reports
            on Form 10-Q,  and that,  therefore,  a restatement of our financial
            statements  for the  periods  referenced  above  was  required.  The
            warrant price reset on the July 2009 Warrants was triggered upon the
            closing  of the  August  2004  Private  Placement  and  the  Company
            recorded an  additional  charge to earnings of $337,000 in 2005 upon
            the warrant price reset.  This additional charge to earnings in 2005
            included  $108,000 that  pertained to the quarter ended December 31,
            2004.  The  total  impact  of  this  restatement  on  the  Company's
            statement  of  operations  was to increase the net loss for the year
            ended December 31, 2004 by $108,000 or $0.00 per share.

      (e)   On March 29, 2006, it was determined  that the accounting  treatment
            for the  warrant  conversion  price  reset on the May and June  2009
            Warrants (See Note 8 within the  consolidated  financial  statements
            contained   herein  for  more  detail  on  this   transaction)   was
            inaccurately  reflected in the financial  statements for the quarter
            and year ended included in the Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K
            for the year ended December 31, 2004,  and for the quarterly  period
            ended  March 31,  2005,  included  within  the  Company's  Quarterly
            Reports on Form 10-Q,  and that,  therefore,  a  restatement  of the
            Company's financial  statements for the periods referenced above was
            required.  The warrant price reset on the May and June 2009 Warrants
            was triggered upon the closing of the August 2004 Private  Placement
            and we recorded an  additional  charge to earnings of  $1,359,000 in
            2005  upon the  warrant  price  resets.  This  additional  charge to
            earnings in 2005 included $357,000 that pertained to 2004. The total
            impact of this restatement on the Company's  statement of operations
            was to increase the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2004 by
            $357,000 or $0.01 per share.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

      (f)   On March 29, 2006, it was determined  that the accounting  treatment
            for the  issuance of the June 2008  Warrants  (See Note 8 within the
            consolidated  financial  statements contained herein for more detail
            on this  transaction)  was  inaccurately  reflected in the financial
            statements  for the  quarter  and year ended  included in our Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2003, and that,
            therefore, a restatement of our financial statements for the periods
            referenced  above  was  required.   Under  the  pervious  accounting
            treatment,  the June 2008 Warrants issued as incentive for the March
            2003 debenture  holders to exercise prior warrant  issuances was not
            accounted for properly.  To properly account for the issuance of the
            additional  warrants,  we determined  that we should have recorded a
            lower debt  discount of  approximately  $ . The total impact of this
            restatement  on our statement of operations  was to decrease the net
            loss for the year ended December 31, 2003 by $1,320,000 or $0.04 per
            share.

      (g)   On March 30, 2006, it was determined  that the accounting  treatment
            for the  issuance of the June 2009  Warrants  (See Note 8 within the
            consolidated  financial  statements contained herein for more detail
            on this  transaction) and warrants issued in conjunction with a debt
            modification were inaccurately reflected in the financial statements
            for the quarters ended June 30, 2004, through September 30, 2005 and
            the year ended  included  in our Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            year ended December 31, 2004, and that, therefore,  a restatement of
            our  financial  statements  for the  periods  referenced  above  was
            required.  Under  the  pervious  accounting  treatment,  the  intial
            issuance  of the June  2009  Warrants  and the  warrants  issued  in
            conjunction  with  the debt  modification  were  not  accounted  for
            properly.  To properly  account for the  issuance of the  additional
            warrants,  we determined that we should have recorded a lower charge
            to earnings of  approximately  $1,667,000.  The total impact of this
            restatement  on our statement of operations  was to decrease the net
            loss for the year ended December 31, 2004 by $1,667,000 or $0.04 per
            share.


As a result of the  corrections  of the  errors  described  above,  the  Company
restated our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as
follows:


                                      F-12
<PAGE>

                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                 (in Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                December 31,                                               December 31,
                                                    2004           Adjustments                                 2004
                                                                   -----------
                                                As previously                                                Restated
                                                  Reported
                                              ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------
                   ASSETS
Current assets:
<S>                                                      <C>                                                        <C>
 Cash and cash equivalents                               $8,813                                                     $8,813
 Short term investments                                   7,924                                                      7,924
 Inventory                                                2,148                                                      2,148
 Accounts and other receivables
                                                            139                                                        139
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets
                                                            266                                                        266
                                              ------------------                                         ------------------
         Total current assets                            19,290                                                     19,290
                                              ------------------                                         ------------------

Property and equipment, net                               3,303                                                      3,303
Patent and trademark rights, net                            908                                                        908
Investment                                                   35                                                         35
Deferred acquisition costs                                    -                                                          -
Deferred financing costs                                    319               121  (b)                                 440
Advance receivable                                        1,300                                                      1,300
Other assets                                                 17                                                         17

                                              ------------------                                         ------------------
         Total assets                                  $ 25,172               121                                 $ 25,293
                                                       ========                                                   ========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                         $ 526                                                      $ 526
 Accrued expenses                                         1,012                                                      1,012
 Current portion of long-term debt                        3,248            (1,241) (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)                2,007
                                                                                                         ------------------
                                              ------------------
 Total current liabilities                                4,786            (1,241)                                    3,545
                                              ------------------                                         ------------------

 Long-Term Debt-net of curr portion
                                                            305              (117) (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)                  188

Commitments and contingencies


Redeemable common stock                                       -                                                          -
Stockholders' equity:
 Common stock                                                50                                                         50
 Additional paid-in capital                             158,024               (40)  (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)             157,984
 Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                            (10)                                                       (10)
 Accumulated deficit                                   (137,983)           (1,519)  (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)             (136,464)
 Treasury stock                                               -                                                          -

                                                                                                         ------------------
                                              ------------------
 Total stockholders' equity                              20,081             1,479                                   21,560
                                              ------------------                                         ------------------

 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
                                                        $25,172               121                                  $25,293
                                                        =======                                                    =======
</TABLE>


      (a)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for  the  Debentures  restatement
            relating to the initial recording of Debenture, as described above.

      (b)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Cardinal Capital restatement
            relating to investment banking fees, as described above.

      (c)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for  the  Debentures  restatement
            relating to the conversion price reset, as described above.

      (d)   Includes   restatement   adjustment   for  the  July  2009  warrants
            restatement relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

      (e)   Includes  restatement  adjustment for the May and June 2009 warrants
            restatement relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

      (g)   Includes  restatement for the issuance of warrants  regarding a debt
            modification  and  additional  reset  of the May 2009  warrants,  as
            described above.



                                      F-13
<PAGE>



                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations
                 (in thousands, except share and per share data)
                          Year Ended December 31, 2003

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                December 31,                                               December 31,
                                                    2003           Adjustments                                 2003
                                                    ----                                                       ----
                                                As previously                                                Restated
                                                  Reported
                                              ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- -----------------

Revenues:
<S>                                                      <C>                                                       <C>
Sales of product net                                     $  509                                                    $  509
Clinical treatment programs                                 148                                                       148
                                              ------------------                                         -----------------

Total Revenues:                                             657                                                       657

Costs and expenses:
Production/cost of goods sold                               502                                                       502
Research and development                                  3,150                                                     3,150
General and administrative                                4,257                                                     4,257
                                              ------------------                                         -----------------

Total costs and expenses                                  7,909                                                     7,909

Interest and other income                                    80                                                        80
Interest expense                                           (253)                                                     (253)
Financing costs                                          (7,345)              777  (a)(b)(c)(d)(f)                 (6,568)
                                              ------------------                                         -----------------


Net loss                                              $ (14,770)              777  (a)(b)(c)(d)                 $ (13,993)
                                                     ==========                                                ==========

Basic and diluted loss per share
                                                         $ (.42)            $ .02                                  $ (.40)
                                                        =======                                                   =======

Weighted average shares outst.                       35,234,526                                                35,234,526
                                                     ==========                                                ==========
</TABLE>

      (a)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for  the  Debentures  restatement
            relating to the initial recording of Debenture, as described above.

      (b)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Cardinal Capital restatement
            relating to investment banking fees, as described above.

      (c)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for  the  Debentures  restatement
            relating to the conversion price reset, as described above.

      (d)   Includes   restatement   adjustment   for  the  July  2009  warrants
            restatement relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

      (e)   Includes  restatement  adjustment for the May and June 2009 warrants
            restatement relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

      (f)   Includes restatement adjustment for the June 2008 Warrants.


                                      F-14
<PAGE>


                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations
                 (in thousands, except share and per share data)
                          Year Ended December 31, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         December 31,                                            December 31,
                                                             2004           Adjustments                              2004
                                                             ----                                                    ----
                                  As previously                                                                    Restated
                                    Reported
                                                       ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ -----------------
Revenues:
<S>                                                              <C>                                                    <C>
Sales of product net                                             $ 1,050                                                $ 1,050
Clinical treatment programs                                          179                                                    179
                                                       ------------------                                      -----------------

Total Revenues:                                                    1,229                                                  1,229

Costs and expenses:
Production/cost of goods sold                                      2,112                                                  2,112
Research and development                                           3,842                                                  3,842
General and administrative                                         6,164                                                  6,164
                                                       ------------------                                      -----------------

Total costs and expenses                                          12,118                                                 12,118

Equity loss and write off of  investments in
unconsolidated affiliates
                                                                    (373)                                                  (373)
Interest and other income                                             49                                                     49
Interest expense                                                    (384)                                                  (384)
Financing costs                                                  (12,543)             742    (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(g)         (11,801)
                                                       ------------------                                      -----------------


Net loss                                                      $  (24,140)             742                             $ (23,398)
                                                              ==========                                             ==========

Basic and diluted loss per share                                $   (.53)              .01                               $ (.52)
                                                                ========                                               ========

Weighted average shares outstanding                           45,177,862                                             45,177,862
                                                              ==========                                             ==========
</TABLE>


(a)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Debentures restatement relating to
      the initial recording of Debenture, as described above.

(b)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for the  Cardinal  Capital  restatement
      relating to investment banking fees, as described above.

(c)   Includes restatement adjustment for the Debentures restatement relating to
      the conversion price reset, as described above.

(d)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for the July 2009 warrants  restatement
      relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

(e)   Includes  restatement  adjustment  for  the  May and  June  2009  warrants
      restatement relating to warrant price reset, as described above.

(f)   Includes restatement adjustment for the June 2008 Warrants.

(g)   Includes  restatement  for  the  issuance  of  warrants  regarding  a debt
      modification and additional  reset of the May 2009 warrants,  as described
      above.


The Company and the Company's  audit  committee  have discussed the above errors
and  adjustments  with  the  Company's  current  independent  registered  public
accounting  firm and have  determined  that a  restatement  is necessary for the
periods  described  above.  This Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended  December  31, 2005  reflects  the changes for the annual  results for the
years ended  December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2004.  The Company will file the
Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly periods ended March
31, 2004, June 30, 2004,  September 30, 2004,  March 31, 2005, June 30, 2005 and
September 31, 2005, as soon as practicable in connection  with the  restatements
described above.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

(3)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

(a)   Cash and Cash Equivalents

      Cash  equivalents  consist  of money  market  certificates  and  overnight
repurchase  agreements  collateralized  by money market securities with original
maturities  of less  than  three  months,  with  both a cost and  fair  value of
$8,813,000 and $3,827,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2005, respectively.

(b)   Short-term Investments

      Investments  with  original  maturities of more than three months and less
than 12 months and marketable  equity  securities  are considered  available for
sale. The  investments  classified as available for sale include debt securities
and  equity  securities  carried  at  estimated  fair  value of  $7,924,000  and
$12,377,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2005 respectively. The unrealized gains and
losses are recorded as a component of shareholders' equity.

(c)   Investments in unconsolidated affiliates

      Investments  in  companies  in which the Company  owns 20% or more and not
more than 50% are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

      Investments  in  companies  in which the Company owns less than 20% of and
does not  exercise a  significant  influence  are  accounted  for using the cost
method of accounting.


      In May 2000, the Company acquired an interest in Chronix  Biomedical Corp.
("CHRONIX").  Chronix  focuses upon the  development of diagnostics  for chronic
diseases.  The Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock to Chronix toward a
total equity investment of $700,000. Pursuant to a strategic alliance agreement,
the Company  provided  Chronix with $250,000 for research and  development in an
effort to develop intellectual property on potential new products for diagnosing
and treating various chronic illnesses such as ME/CFS. These costs were expensed
as incurred.  The  strategic  alliance  agreement  provides the Company  certain
royalty rights with respect to certain diagnostic technology developed from this
research and a right of first refusal to license certain therapeutic  technology
developed  from this research.  The strategic  alliance  agreement  provides the
Company with a royalty payment of 10% of all net sales of diagnostic  technology
developed by Chronix for diagnosing Chronic Fatigue Syndrome,  Gulf War Syndrome
and Human Herpes  Virus-6  associated  diseases.  The royalty  continues for the
longer of 12 years from  September 15, 2000 or the life of any patent(s)  issued
with regard to the diagnostic technology.  The strategic alliance agreement also
provides  the Company  with the right of first  refusal to acquire an  exclusive
worldwide license for any and all therapeutic technology developed by Chronix on
or before  September 14, 2012 for treating  Chronic Fatigue  Syndrome,  Gulf War
Syndrome and Human Herpes Virus-6 associated diseases.  During the quarter ended
December 31, 2002 and September 30, 2004 the Company  recorded a non-cash charge
of $292,000 and $373,000, respectively, with respect to the Company's investment
in Chronix.  This impairment  reduces the Company's  carrying value to reflect a
permanent  decline in Chronix's  market value based on its then proposed  equity
offerings.

                                      F-16
<PAGE>

(d)   Property and Equipment

                                 (in thousands)

                                                       December 31,

                                                      2004       2005
                                                    ------     ------
Land and buildings                                  $3,316     $3,371
Furniture, fixtures, and equipment                     786        907
Leasehold improvements                                  85         85
                                                    ------     ------
Total property and equipment                         4,187      4,363
Less accumulated depreciation                          884        999
                                                    ------     ------
Property and equipment, net                         $3,303     $3,364
                                                    ======     ======

      Property and equipment  consist of land,  building,  furniture,  fixtures,
office  equipment,   and  leasehold   improvements  and  is  recorded  at  cost.
Depreciation  and amortization is computed using the  straight-line  method over
the  estimated  useful  lives of the  respective  assets,  ranging  from five to
thirty-nine years.  Depreciation and amortization expense was $80,000,  $113,000
and $114,000 for 2003, 2004 and 2005, respectively.

      Construction in progress  consists of funds used for the  construction and
installation of the Company's  Ampligen(R)  raw material  production line within
the  Company's New Jersey  facility.  As of December 31, 2005,  construction  in
progress was $821,000.  The Company estimates the total cost of establishing the
production line to be $1,900,000.

(e)   Patent and Trademark Rights

      Patents and trademarks are stated at cost  (primarily  legal fees) and are
amortized using the straight line method over the established  useful life of 17
years.  The Company  reviews its patents and trademark  rights  periodically  to
determine  whether they have continuing  value. Such review includes an analysis
of the patent and trademark's ultimate revenue and profitability potential on an
undiscounted  cash flow basis to support  the  realizability  of its  respective
capitalized cost. Management's review addresses whether each patent continues to
fit into the Company's strategic business plans. During the years ended December
31, 2003,  2004 and 2005,  the Company  decided not to pursue the  technology in
certain countries for strategic reasons and recorded charges of $5,000, $223,000
and  $194,000  respectively.  Amortization  expense was  $122,000,  $104,000 and
$87,000 in 2003, 2004 and 2005, respectively. The accumulated amortization as of
December 31,  2003,  2004 and 2005 is  $2,150,000,  $1,807,000  and  $1,572,000,
respectively.

      As of December  31,  2005,  the  weighted  average  remaining  life of the
patents and trademarks was 9 years.  Amortization  of patents and trademarks for
each of the next five years is as follows:  2006 - $87,000, 2007 - $86,000, 2008
- $86,000, 2009 - $86,000 and 2010 - $86,000.

(f)   Revenue and License Fee Income

      The Company executed a Memorandum of  Understanding  (MOU) in January 2004
with Astellas Pharma  ("Astellas"),  formally Fujisawa Deutschland GmbH, a major
pharmaceutical  corporation,  granting  them an  exclusive  option for a limited
number  of months to enter a Sales and  Distribution  Agreement  with  exclusive
rights to market Ampligen(R) for ME/CFS in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The
Company received an initial fee of 400,000 Euros (approximately  $497,000 US) in
2004. On November 9, 2004, the Company and Astellas terminated the MOU by mutual
agreement.  The  Company  did not agree on the process to be utilized in certain
European   Territories  for  obtaining  commercial  approval  for  the  sale  of
Ampligen(R) in the treatment of patients suffering from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
(CFS).  Instead of a  centralized  procedure,  and in order to obtain an earlier
commercial  approval of  Ampligen(R)  in Europe,  the Company has  determined to
follow a  decentralized  filing  procedure which was not anticipated in the MOU.
The  Company  believed  that  it was  in  the  best  interest  of the  Company's
stockholders  to potentially  accelerate  entry into selected  European  markets
whereas  the  original  MOU  specified  a  centralized  registration  procedure.
Pursuant to mutual  agreement of the parties the Company  refunded 200,000 Euros
to Astellas.  The Company has determined that all obligations under the MOU with
Astellas have been fulfilled and, therefore,  $241,000 was recorded in September
2005 as other income.  Revenue from the sale of Ampligen(R)  under cost recovery
clinical  treatment  protocols  approved  by the  FDA  is  recognized  when  the
treatment is provided to the patient.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

      Revenues from the sale of Alferon N Injection(R)  are recognized  when the
product is shipped, as title is transferred to the customer.  The Company has no
other obligation associated with its products once shipment has occurred.

(g)   Net Loss Per Share

      Basic and  diluted  net loss per  share is  computed  using  the  weighted
average  number of  shares  of  common  stock  outstanding  during  the  period.
Equivalent common shares, consisting of stock options and warrants accounting to
25,935,142  shares,  are excluded from the  calculation  of diluted net loss per
share since their effect is antidilutive.

(h)   Accounting for Income taxes

      Deferred  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  determined  based on
differences  between the financial  statement  reporting and tax bases of assets
and  Liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws in effect
when the differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred income
tax assets is  reduced,  if  necessary,  by a  valuation  allowance  for any tax
benefits,  which are not expected to be realized.  The effect on deferred income
tax assets and  liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period
that such tax rate changes are enacted.

(i)   Comprehensive (loss)

      Comprehensive  (loss)  consists  of net  loss  and  net  unrealized  gains
(losses) on  securities  and is  presented  in the  consolidated  statements  of
changes in stockholders' equity and comprehensive (loss).

(j)   Use of Estimates

      The  preparation  of financial  statements  in conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that  affect the  reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and
disclosure of  contingent  assets and  liabilities  at the date of the financial
statements  and the reported  amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

(k)   Foreign currency translations

      Assets and liabilities of the Company's  foreign  operations are generally
translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates as of balance sheet date.
Revenues and  expenses  are  translated  at average  exchange  rates during each
period.  Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations
are included in the results of operations as incurred. The resulting translation
adjustments are immaterial for all years presented.

(l)   Recent Accounting Standard and Pronouncements:

      On  December  2004,  the FASB issued  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting
Standards No. 123 (Revised 2004),  "Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS 123R"). On April
14, 2005,  the Securities  and Exchange  Commission  issued an amendment to Rule
4-01 of  Regulation  S-X that allows  companies  to  implement  SFAS 123R at the
beginning of their next fiscal year,  instead of the next reporting  period that
begins after June 15, 2005 as originally required. Accordingly, the Company will
adopt  SFAS 123R  effective  January 1, 2006  using the  "modified  prospective"
method in which  compensation  cost is recognized  beginning  with the effective
date based on (a) the  requirements  of SFAS 123R for all  share-based  payments
granted after the effective  date and (b) the  requirements  of SFAS 123 for all
awards granted to employees prior to the effective date of SFAS 123R that remain
unvested on the effective date. In addition,  the Company expects to continue to
utilize the Black-Scholes  option-pricing  model,  which is an acceptable option
valuation  model in  accordance  with SFAS 123R,  to estimate the value of stock
options granted to employees.

      Beyond those restricted stock and stock option awards previously  granted,
the Company  cannot predict with certainty the impact of SFAS 123R on its future
consolidated  financial  statements  as the type and  amount of such  awards are
determined on an annual basis and encompass a potentially  wide range  depending
upon  the  compensation  decisions  made by the  Compensation  Committee  of the
Company's  Board of  Directors.  SFAS 123R also  requires  the  benefits  of tax
deductions in excess of compensation cost recognized in the financial statements
to be reported as a financing  cash flow,  rather than an operating cash flow as
currently  required under  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 95,
"Statement  of Cash  Flows"  ("SFAS  95").  This  requirement,  to the extent it
exists,  will decrease net operating  cash flows and increase net financing cash
flows in periods subsequent to adoption.  The Company cannot estimate what those
amounts will be in the future  because they depend on, among other things,  when
employees exercise stock options.

      On March 29, 2005, the SEC issued Staff Accounting  Bulletin No. 107 ("SAB
107") which  expresses the view of the SEC Staff  regarding the  interaction  of
SFAS 123R and certain SEC rules and  regulations  and provides the staff's views
regarding  the  valuation  of  share-based  payment  arrangements.  The  Company
believes  that the views  provided in SAB 107 are  consistent  with the approach
taken in the valuation and accounting  associated with share-based  compensation
issued in prior periods as well as those issued during 2005.

      In June 2005, the FASB's  Emerging  Issues Task Force ("EITF") issued EITF
Issue No. 05-02 "The Meaning of  "Conventional  Convertible  Debt Instrument" in
EITF Issue 00-19 "Accounting for Derivative  Financial  Instruments  Indexed to,
and Potentially Settled in, A Company's Own Stock",  which retains the exception
in paragraph 4 of EITF Issue No. 00-19 for conventional debt instruments.  Those
instruments in which the holder has an option to convert the  instrument  into a
fixed  number  of shares  (or a  corresponding  amount  of cash at the  issuer's
discretion)  and its ability to  exercise  the option is based on either (a) the
passage of time or (b) a contingent event,  should be considered  "conventional"
for purposes of applying that  exception.  The consensus  should be applied on a
prospective  basis  for new or  modified  instruments  starting  from the  third
quarter  of 2005.  The  adoption  of EITF No.  05-02 is not  expected  to have a
material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements or results of
operations.

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

When there is a modification of a convertible debt instrument, the change in the
fair value of an embedded  conversion  option should be included in the analysis
of determining  whether a debt  extinguishment  has occurred.  The change in the
fair value of the embedded  conversion  option is calculated  as the  difference
between the fair value of the conversion  option  immediately prior to and after
the  modification.  Also, when a modification  of a convertible  debt instrument
occurs, the change in the fair value of the embedded  conversion prior should be
recognized  as a  discount  (or  premium)  with  a  corresponding  increase  (or
decrease) in additional paid-in capital. Lastly, a beneficial feature should not
be recognized or reassessed upon  modification of a convertible debt instrument.
The adoption of EITF No. 05-02 is not expected to have a material  effect on the
Company's consolidated financial statements or results of operations.

      In November 2005, FASB issued FSP FAS 115-1 and FAS 124-1, "The Meaning of
Other-Than-Temporary  Impairment  and Its  Application  to Certain  Investments"
("FSP FAS 115-1"),  which provides  guidance on determining  when investments in
certain  debt  and  equity  securities  are  considered  impaired,   whether  an
impairment is  other-than-temporary,  and on measuring such impairment loss. FSP
FAS 115-1 also includes accounting  considerations subsequent to the recognition
of an  other-than-temporary  impairment and requires certain  disclosures  about
unrealized  losses  that  have  not  been  recognized  as   other-than-temporary
impairments.  FSP FAS 115-1 is  required  to be  applied  to  reporting  periods
beginning  after  December  15,  2005.  The Company is required to adopt FSP FAS
115-1 in the first quarter of 2006.  The Company does not expect the adoption of
this statement to have a material impact on the Company's  consolidated  results
of operations or financial condition.

      In November  2004,  the FASB issued  SFAS No. 151,  "Inventory  Costs - An
amendment of ARB No. 43,  Chapter 4" ("SFAS No.  151").  SFAS No. 151 amends the
guidance in Accounting Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter 4, "Inventory Pricing,"
to  clarify  the  accounting  for  abnormal  amounts of idle  facility  expense,
freight, handling costs, and wasted material (spoilage).  Additionally, SFAS No.
151 requires that the  allocation of fixed  production  overheads to the cost of
conversion be based on the normal  capacity of the production  facilities.  SFAS
No. 151 is required to be adopted in the first quarter of 2006.  The Company has
determined  that the adoption of SFAS No. 151 will not have a material impact on
the consolidated financial statements.

      In  December  2004,  the FASB issued  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting
Standards No. 153 (SFAS 153"), "Exchanges of Non-monetary Assets-an amendment of
APB  Opinion  No.  29." SFAS 152  addresses  the  measurement  of  exchanges  of
non-monetary assets. It eliminates the exception from fair value measurement for
non-monetary  exchanges of similar  productive  assets in paragraph 21(b) of APB
Opinion No. 29 "Accounting for Non-monetary  Transactions"  and replaces it with
an exception for exchanges that do not have commercial substance. A non-monetary
exchange  has  commercial  substance  if the future cash flows of the entity are
expected to change  significantly  as a result of the  exchange.  As required by
SFAS 153, the Company  adopted this new  accounting  standard  effective July 1,
2005.  The adoption of SFAS 153 did not have a material  impact on the Company's
financial statements.

                                      F-20
<PAGE>

      In May 2005,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 154,  Accounting  Changes and Error
Corrections.  SFAS No. 154 establishes retrospective application as the required
method for reporting a change in accounting principle in the absence of explicit
transition requirements specific to the newly adopted accounting principle. SFAS
No. 154 also provides guidance for determining whether retrospective application
is impractical. SFAS No. 154 is effective for accounting changes and corrections
of errors made in fiscal years  beginning  after  December 15, 2005. The Company
does not expect that the adoption of SFAS No. 154 will have a material impact on
its results of operations or financial position.

(m)   Research and Development Costs

      Research and development  related to both future and present  products are
charged to operation as incurred.

(n)   Stock Based Compensation

      The Company follows Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No.
123,  "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation."  We chose to apply  Accounting
Principal Board Opinion 25 and related  interpretations  in accounting for stock
options granted to the Company's employees.

      The Company provides pro forma  disclosures of compensation  expense under
the fair  market  value  method of SFAS No.  123,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based
Compensation,"  and SFAS No. 148,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation -
Transition and Disclosure."

The weighted average assumptions used for the years presented are as follows:


                                             December 31,
                               2003              2004                  2005
                               ----              ----                  ----
Risk-free interest rate       5.23%           2.25 - 3.4%             4.81%
Expected dividend yield         -                  -                    -
Expected lives               2.5 yrs           5-10 yrs              3-10 yrs
Expected volatility           98.07%         68.92-71.16%          59.68-81.63%

Weighted  average fair value of options and  warrants  issued in the years 2003,
2004 and 2005 respectively

                             1,824,000        $739,000             $1,071,000

      Had compensation  cost for the Company's option plan been determined using
the fair value method at the grant dates,  the effect on the  Company's net loss
and loss per share for the years ended  December 31, 2003,  2004, and 2005 would
have been as follows:


                                      F-21
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   For the years ended December 31,                       2003          2004          2005
   --------------------------------                       ----          ----          ----
                                                       (In Thousands except for per share data)
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>           <C>
Net (loss)as reported                                  $(13,993)     $(23,398)     $(13,213)

Add: Stock based compensation included in net loss
as reported,
net of related tax effects                                   --         1,769           383

Deduct: Stock based compensation determined under
fair value based
method for all awards, net of related tax effects        (1,824)         (638)         (895)

Pro forma - net loss                                   $(15,817)     $(22,267)     $(13,725)
                                                       ========      ========      ========

Basic and diluted loss
per share - as reported                                $   (.40)     $   (.52)     $   (.26)

Basic and diluted loss
per share - pro forma                                  $   (.45)     $   (.49)     $   (.27)
</TABLE>



      For stock warrants  granted to  non-employees,  the Company  measures fair
value of the equity instruments utilizing the Black-Scholes method if that value
is more reliably  measurable than the fair value of the consideration or service
received. The Company amortizes such cost over the related period of service.

      The exercise price of all stock  warrants  granted was equal to or greater
than the fair market value of the  underlying  common stock as defined by APB 25
on the date of the grant.

The lower stock compensation  expense noted above resulted from having a limited
number of shares of Common  Stock  authorized  but not  issued or  reserved  for
issuance upon conversion or exercise of outstanding  convertible and exercisable
securities  such as  debentures,  options and  warrants  prior to the  Company's
annual  meeting of  stockholders  in September  2003.  Prior to the meeting,  to
permit  consummation  of the sale of the July 2003  Debentures  and the  related
warrants,  Dr.  Carter agreed that he would not exercise his warrants or options
unless and until the Company's stockholders approve an increase in the Company's
authorized  shares  of common  stock.  For Dr.  Carter's  waiver of his right to
exercise  certain  options and warrants prior to approval of the increase in the
Company's authorized shares, the Company have agreed to compensate Dr. Carter.

(o)   Accounts Receivable

Concentration  of credit risk, with respect to accounts  receivable,  is limited
due to the Company's  credit  evaluation  process.  The Company does not require
collateral on its receivables.  The Company's  receivables  primarily consist of
amounts due from the wholesale drug companies as of December 31, 2005.

(p)   Deferred Financing Issuance Costs

Deferred  financing  issuance costs  represent  costs incurred by the Company to
issue convertible debt instruments.  The costs are being amortized in accordance
with the interest method of accounting over the terms of the debt.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

(q)   Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features

The March 2003,  July 2003,  October 2003,  January 2004 and July 2004 Debenture
issuances and related embedded  conversion  features and warrants issuances were
accounted  for  in  accordance  with  EITF  98-5:   Accounting  for  convertible
securities  with  beneficial  conversion  features  or  contingency   adjustable
conversion  and with EITF No.  00-27:  Application  of issue No. 98-5 to certain
convertible  instruments.  The Company determined the fair values to be ascribed
to detachable  warrants  issued with the  convertible  debentures  utilizing the
Black-Scholes  method.  Any discount  derived from determining the fair value of
the  warrants is amortized to  financing  costs over the  remaining  life of the
debenture.  The  unamortized  discount upon the  conversion of the debentures is
expensed to financing cost on a pro-rata basis.

(4)   Inventories

      The Company uses the lower of first-in,  first-out ("FIFO") cost or market
method of accounting for inventory.



Inventories consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     (in thousands)
                                                                                      December 31,
                                                                            2004                        2005
                                                                           ------                      ------
<S>                                                                        <C>                          <C>
Raw materials and work in process                                          $1,711                       $ 444

Finished  goods,  net of reserves of $225,000  and $100,000
at December 31, 2004 and 2005
                                                                              437                       1,323
                                                                           ------                      ------
                                                                           $2,148                      $1,767
                                                                           ======                      ======
</TABLE>

(5)   Acquisition of Assets of Interferon Sciences, Inc.

      On March 11,  2003,  the Company  acquired  from ISI,  ISI's  inventory of
Alferon N Injection(R)  and a limited license for the  production,  manufacture,
use, marketing and sale of this product. As partial  consideration,  the Company
issued 487,028 shares of its common stock to ISI.  Pursuant to their  agreements
with ISI, the Company  registered  these shares for public sale and ISI reported
that it sold all of these  shares.  The Company also agreed to pay ISI 6% of the
net sales of Alferon N Injection(R).

On March 11, 2003,  the Company also entered into an agreement to purchase  from
ISI all of its rights to the  product  and other  assets  related to the product
including,  but not limited to, real estate and machinery. For these assets, the
Company issued to ISI an additional 487,028 shares and issued 314,465 shares and
267,296  shares,  respectively  to  the  American  National  Red  Cross  and  GP
Strategies Corporation,  two creditors of ISI. The Company guaranteed the market
value of all but 62,500 of these shares to be $1.59 per share on the termination
date. ISI, GP Strategies and the American  National Red Cross reported that they
sold all of their shares.

Pursuant to the acquisition  agreement,  the Company satisfied other liabilities
of ISI which were past due and  secured by a lien on ISI's real  estate and pays
ISI a 6%  royalty  on  the  net  sales  of  products  containing  natural  alpha
interferon.

On May 30, 2003, the Company issued the shares to GP Strategies and the American
National Red Cross.  Pursuant to the Company's agreements with ISI and these two
creditors,  the Company  registered  the foregoing  shares for public sale. As a
result at December 31, 2003 the  guaranteed  value of these  shares  ($491,000),
which had not been sold by these two creditors,  were reclassified to redeemable
common  stock.  At  December  31,  2004,  all  shares had been sold by these two
creditors and the redeemable common stock was reclassified to equity.

                                      F-23
<PAGE>

On November 6, 2003, the Company acquired and subsequently paid, the outstanding
ISI property tax lien  certificates  in the  aggregate  amount of $457,000  from
certain investors.  These tax liens were issued for property taxes and utilities
due for 2000, 2001 and 2002.

In March  2004,  the  Company  issued  487,028  shares  to ISI to  complete  the
acquisition  of the balance of ISI's rights to market its product as well as its
production  facility  in New  Brunswick,  New  Jersey.  ISI has  sold all of its
shares.  The  aggregated  cost  of the  land  and  buildings  was  approximately
$3,316,000. The cost of the land and buildings was allocated as follows:

                 Land                               $ 423,000

                 Buildings                          2,893,000
                                                    ---------

                 Total cost                       $ 3,316,000
                                                  ===========

The Company  accounted for these  transactions as a Business  Combination  under
SFAS No. 141 Accounting for Business Combinations.

      The  following  table  represents  the  Unaudited  pro  forma  results  of
operations as though the ISI acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2003.



                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                            2003
                                            (in thousands except for share data)

Net revenues                                               $899
Expenses                                                (16,215)
                                                         -------
Net Loss                                               $(15,316)
                                                        ========
Basic and diluted loss per share                          $(.43)
                                                          ------
Weighted average shares outstanding                  35,326,594
                                                      ==========


(6)   Short-term investments:

Securities classified as available for sale consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              December 31, 2004
                                              -----------------
                                                                                   Unrealized            Maturity
Name of security                               Cost            Market value        gain (loss)              Date
-----------------------------------            ----            ------------        -----------              ----
<S>                                          <C>                 <C>                  <C>                     <C>
General Motors                               $988,000            $991,000             $3,000             May, 2005
Ford Motor Credit                           3,194,000           3,142,000            (52,000)         January, 2006
General Motors                              3,655,000           3,591,000            (64,000)        February, 2006
Accrued interest acquired                      97,000             200,000            103,000
                                    ------------------ ------------------- -------------------
                                           $7,934,000          $7,924,000           $(10,000)
                                    ================== =================== ===================
</TABLE>

                                      F-24
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              December 31, 2005
                                              -----------------
                                                                                   Unrealized            Maturity
Name of security                              Cost            Market value            loss                 date
-----------------------------------           ----            ------------            ----                 ----
<S>                                        <C>                 <C>                 <C>                         <C>
Ford Motor Credit                          $3,194,000          $3,043,000          $(151,000)         January, 2006
General Motors                              3,655,000           3,497,000           (158,000)        February, 2006
General Electric                              791,000             790,000             (1,000)           April, 2006
American General Finance                      788,000             787,000             (1,000)             May, 2006
LaSalle Bank Corp.                            784,000             782,000             (2,000)            June, 2006
Prudential Corp.                              783,000             781,000             (2,000)            July, 2006
Federal Home Loan                             781,000             780,000             (1,000)            July, 2006
General Electric                              775,000             774,000             (1,000)       September, 2006
AIG Discount Commercial Paper                 946,000             943,000             (3,000)       September, 2006
Accrued interest acquired                      51,000             200,000            149,000
                                    ------------------ ------------------- -------------------
                                          $12,548,000         $12,377,000          $(171,000)
                                    ================== =================== ===================
</TABLE>


No investment securities were pledged to secure public funds at December 31,
2005.

The table below indicates the length of time individual securities have been in
a continuous unrealized loss position at December 31, 2005.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
----------------- --------------- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------- ---------------
                                      Less than 12 months           12 months or longer           Total
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
Name of security    Number of      Fair value     Unrealized      Fair value    Unrealized      Fair value     Unrealized
                    Securities                       loss                           loss                           loss
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
<S>                     <C>                                          <C>                           <C>
Ford Motor              1                                            3,043,000     (151,000)       3,043,000       (151,000)
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
General Motors          1                                            3,497,000     (158,000)       3,497,000       (158,000)
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
Accrued
acquired                                                               200,000      149,000          200,000        149,000
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
General Electric        2             1,564,000        (2,000)                                     1,564,000         (2,000)
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
American                1
General Finance                         787,000        (1,000)                                       787,000         (1,000)
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
LaSalle Bank
Corp                    1               782,000        (2,000)                                       782,000         (2,000)
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
Prudential Corp.        1               781,000        (2,000)                                       781,000         (2,000)
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
Federal Home
Loan                    1               780,000        (1,000)                                       780,000         (1,000)
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
AIG Discount
Commercial Paper        1               943,000        (3,000)                                       943,000         (3,000)
----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- --------------- ------------- --------------- ---------------
Total temporary         9             5,637,000       (11,000)       6,740,000     (160,000)      12,377,000       (171,000)
securities
----------------- =============== ============== ============== =============== ============= =============== ===============
</TABLE>

In management's opinion, the unrealized losses reflect changes in interest rates
subsequent to the acquisition of specific securities.  There are 7 securities in
the less than 12 months category.

The Company has the ability to hold these  securities  until  maturity or market
price recovery.

Management believes that the unrealized losses represent temporary impairment of
the securities.


(7)   Accrued Expenses

Accrued expenses at December 31, 2004 and 2005 consists of the following:

                                      F-25
<PAGE>


                                                             (in thousands)
                                                              December 31,
                                                           ------------------
                                                          2004              2005
                                                        ------            ------
Compensation                                               385               337
Interest                                                   112                91
Commissions and royalties                                   47                14
Professional fees                                           50                42
Other expenses                                             418               139
                                                        ------            ------
                                                        $1,012            $  623
                                                        ======            ======


(8)   Debenture Financing


Long term debt consists of the following:

                                                             (in thousands)
                                                  December 31,      December 31,
                                                     2004              2005
                                                 -------------      ----------

Series A                                           $ 2,071            $ 2,072
Series B                                             3,083              1,364
Series C                                             2,000              1,500
                                                   -------            -------
Total                                                7,154              4,936

Less Discounts                                      (4,959)            (1,719)

Balance                                              2,195              3,217

Less Current Portion of long-term debt (net
of discounts of $4,480)
                                                    (2,007)                --
                                                   -------            -------

Total long-term debt                               $   188            $ 3,217
                                                   =======            =======

      As of December 31, 2004, the Company made installment payments of $777,777
and the investors  converted an aggregate  $13,062,328  principal amount of debt
from the debentures as noted below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
                                                            Installment        Remaining      Common Shares     Common Shares
                       Original        Debt Conversion      payments in        Principal       issued for         issued in
    Debenture      Principal Amount   to Common Shares     Common Shares        Amount         Conversion        installments
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
<S> <C>                  <C>                 <C>               <C>             <C>               <C>
Mar 2003                 $ 5,426,000         $ 5,426,000       $        --     $        --       3,716,438                  --

--------                 -----------         -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------         -----------
Jul 2003                   5,426,000           5,426,000                --              --       2,870,900                  --
--------                 -----------         -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------         -----------
Oct 2003                   4,142,357           2,071,178                --       2,071,179       1,025,336                  --
--------                 -----------         -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------         -----------
Jan 2004                   4,000,000             139,150           777,777       3,083,073          55,000             358,932
--------                 -----------         -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------         -----------
Jul 2004                   2,000,000                  --                --       2,000,000              --                  --
--------                 -----------         -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------         -----------
Totals                   $20,994,357         $13,062,328       $   777,777     $ 7,154,252       7,959,674             358,932
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
</TABLE>

                                      F-26
<PAGE>

      As of  December  31,  2005,  the  Company  made  installment  payments  of
$2,388,888 and investors converted an aggregate  $13,669,688 principal amount of
debt from the debentures as noted below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
    Debenture          Original             Debt          Installment        Remaining      Common Shares     Common Shares
                      Principal        Conversion to      payments in        Principal       issued for         issued in
                       Amount          Common Shares     Common Shares        Amount         Conversion        installments
------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- -------------------
<S> <C>                   <C>                <C>                <C>             <C>
Mar 2003                  $ 5,426,000        $ 5,426,000        $        --     $ 3,716,438              --
------------------        -----------        -----------        -----------     -----------     -----------        -----------
Jul 2003                    5,426,000          5,426,000                 --              --       2,870,900                 --
------------------        -----------        -----------        -----------     -----------     -----------        -----------
Oct 2003                    4,142,357          2,071,178                 --       2,071,179       1,025,336                 --
------------------        -----------        -----------        -----------     -----------     -----------        -----------
Jan 2004                    4,000,000            746,510          1,888,888       1,364,602         347,000          1,094,149
------------------        -----------        -----------        -----------     -----------     -----------        -----------
Jul 2004                    2,000,000                 --            500,000       1,500,000              --            331,669
------------------        -----------        -----------        -----------     -----------     -----------        -----------
Totals                    $20,994,357        $13,669,688        $ 2,388,888     $ 4,935,781       7,959,674          1,425,818
------------------        -----------        -----------        -----------     -----------     -----------        -----------
</TABLE>

March 2003 Debenture

      On March 12,  2003,  the Company  issued an  aggregate  of  $5,426,000  in
principal  amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due  January  2005 (the
"March 2003  Debentures")  and an aggregate of 743,288 warrants to two investors
in a private  placement for aggregate  gross proceeds of  $4,650,000.  The March
2003  Debentures  were to mature on January 31, 2005 and bore interest at 6% per
annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash  or,  subject  to  satisfaction  of  certain
conditions,  common stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as
payment of  interest  were  valued at 95% of the  average  closing  price of the
common  stock  during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third
business  day  immediately  preceding  the  applicable  interest  payment  date.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the March 2003  Debentures,  the Company
pledged  all of the  Company's  assets,  other than the  Company's  intellectual
property,  as collateral  and were subject to comply with certain  financial and
negative  covenants,  which  include  but were not limited to the  repayment  of
principal  balances upon achieving  certain revenue  milestones.  The March 2003
debenture, at issuance, was recorded at a discount of $4,194,520 due to the fair
value ascribed to the detachable warrants using the Black-Scholes Method and the
effect of a beneficial conversion feature.

      The March 2003 Debentures were  convertible at the option of the investors
at any time through January 31, 2005 into shares of the Company's  common stock.
The  conversion  price  under the March 2003  Debentures  was fixed at $1.46 per
share, subject to adjustment for anti-dilution protection for issuance of common
stock or securities  convertible  or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price
less than the conversion price then in effect.

      The investors also received  Warrants to acquire at any time through March
12, 2008 an aggregate of 743,288  shares of common stock at a price of $1.68 per
share. All of these warrants have been exercised.

      On June 25, 2003,  the Company  issued to each of the March 2003 Debenture
holders  warrants to acquire at any time  through  June 25, 2008 an aggregate of
1,000,000  shares of common  stock at a price of $2.40 per share (the "June 2008
Warrants"). These warrants were issued as incentive for the debenture holders to
exercise prior warrant  issuances.  This issuance,  as restated,  resulted in an
additional  debt  discount  to the March 2003  Debentures  of  $1,320,000  to be
amortized over the remaining life of the debenture or in the event of conversion
written off to  financing  costs on pro-rata  basis.  Pursuant to the  Company's
agreement  with the March 2003  Debenture  holders,  the Company  registered the
shares issuable upon exercise of these June 2008 Warrants for public sale.

                                      F-27
<PAGE>

      On May 14, 2004, in  consideration  for the March 2003 Debenture  holders'
exercise of all of the June 2008  Warrants,  the  Company  issued to the holders
warrants (the "May 2009 Warrants") to purchase an aggregate of 1,300,000  shares
of the Company's  common stock.  The Company issued  1,000,000  shares of common
stock and received  gross  proceeds of $2,400,000  from the exercise of the June
2008 Warrants.

      The May 2009  Warrants are to acquire at any time  commencing  on November
14, 2004 through April 30, 2009 an aggregate of 1,300,000 shares of common stock
at a price of $4.50 per share.  This transaction  generated a non-cash charge of
approximately  $2,355,000 in financing  costs during the second quarter of 2004.
This was written  off as the March 2003  Debenture  holders had fully  converted
their note in 2003.  Upon  completion of the August 2004 Private  Placement (see
below), the exercise price was lowered to $4.008 per share. On May 14, 2005, the
exercise  price of these May 2009  Warrants was reset again to the lesser of the
exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the average of the daily price
of the common stock  between May 15, 2004 and May 13, 2005.  The exercise  price
(and the reset price) under the May 2009 Warrants also is subject to adjustments
for   anti-dilution   protection   similar  to  those  in  the  other  Warrants.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  exercise  price as reset or adjusted  for
anti-dilution,  will in no event be less than  $4.008  per  share.  The  Company
recorded an additional  charge to financing  costs of $39,000 to account for the
reset of the exercise price of these warrants.

      As of December 31, 2003, the investors had converted the total  $5,426,000
principal of the March 2003  Debentures  into 3,716,438  shares of the Company's
common stock.  Financing costs and interest  expense incurred for the year ended
December  31,  2003,  on the March 2003  Debenture  amounted to  $3,703,166  and
$112,000,  respectively.  The interest due on this debenture was paid in cash of
$17,000  with  $94,000  being paid by the  issuance  of shares of the  Company's
common stock.  The investor  exercised  all 743,288  warrants in July 2003 which
produced gross proceeds in the amount of approximately $1,249,000.


July 2003 Debenture

      On July 10,  2003,  the  Company  issued an  aggregate  of  $5,426,000  in
principal  amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due July 31,  2005 (the
"July 2003  Debentures")  and an aggregate of 507,102  Warrants  (the "July 2008
Warrants") in a private placement for aggregate proceeds of $4,650,000. Pursuant
to the terms of the July 2003  Debentures,  $1,550,000  of the proceeds from the
sale of the July 2003 Debentures were to have been held back and released to the
Company  if, and only if, the  Company  acquired  ISI's  facility  with in a set
timeframe  (see Note 5 above).  These  funds  were  released  to the  Company in
October 2003 although the Company had not acquired  ISI's facility at that time.
The July 2003  Debentures  matured on July 31, 2005 and bore  interest at 6% per
annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash  or,  subject  to  satisfaction  of  certain
conditions,  common stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as
payment of  interest  were  valued at 95% of the  average  closing  price of the
common  stock  during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third
business day  immediately  preceding the applicable  interest  payment date. The
July 2003 debenture,  at issuance,  was recorded at a discount of $3,587,000 due
to the fair value  ascribed to the warrant  using  Black-Scholes  Method and the
effect of a beneficial conversion feature.

                                      F-28
<PAGE>

      The July 2003 Debentures  were  convertible at the option of the investors
at any time through July 31, 2005 into shares of the Company's common stock. The
conversion  price under the July 2003  Debentures  was fixed at $2.14 per share;
however,  as part of the subsequent  debenture  placement  closed on October 29,
2003 (see  below),  the  conversion  price  under the July 2003  Debentures  was
lowered to $1.89 per share.  The conversion  price was subject to adjustment for
anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock or securities convertible
or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than the conversion price then
in effect.  In  addition,  in the event that the Company did pay the  redemption
price at maturity,  the Debenture  holders,  at their option, may have converted
the balance due at the lower of (a) the conversion  price then in effect and (b)
95% of the lowest  closing sale price of the  Company's  common stock during the
three  trading days ending on and including the  conversion  date. In 2003,  the
Company recorded a debt discount of  approximately  $741,000 upon the conversion
price reset to $1.89 per share.  The additional  debt discount is amortized over
the remaining life of the debenture or in the event of a conversion  written off
to financing costs on a pro-rata basis.

      The July 2008  Warrants  received by the  investors,  as amended,  were an
aggregate of 507,102  shares of common stock at a price of $2.46 per share.  The
amended  Warrants did not result in any  additional  debt.  These  Warrants were
exercised  in  July  2004  which  produced  gross  proceeds  in  the  amount  of
$1,247,000.

      As of December 31, 2004, the investors had converted the total  $5,426,000
principal of the July Debentures into 2,870,900 shares of common stock.

      The Company recorded financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2004
and 2003,  with regard to the July 2003 Debentures of $2,516,000 and $1,281,000,
respectively. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2003, with regard
to the July 2003 Debentures was $117,000.

October 2003 Debenture

      On October 29, 2003,  the Company  issued an aggregate  of  $4,142,357  in
principal amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures due October 31, 2005 (the
"October 2003  Debentures")  and an aggregate of 410,134  Warrants (the "October
2008  Warrants")  in  a  private  placement  for  aggregate  gross  proceeds  of
$3,550,000. Pursuant to the terms of the October 2003 Debentures,  $1,550,000 of
the  proceeds  from the sale of the October 2003  Debentures  were held back and
were to be released to the Company if, and only if, the Company  acquired  ISI's
facility  within 90 days of  January  26,  2004 and  provide a  mortgage  on the
facility as further security for the October 2003 Debentures (see Note 5 above).
In April 2004,  the Company  acquired the facility and the Company  subsequently
provided  the mortgage of the  facility to the  Debenture  holders and the above
funds were released.  The October 2003  Debentures were to mature on October 31,
2005 and bore interest at 6% per annum, payable quarterly in cash or, subject to
satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock
issued to the  investors  as payment of  interest  shall be valued at 95% of the
average closing price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business
days ending on the third  business  day  immediately  preceding  the  applicable
interest payment date. The October 2003 debenture,  at issuance, was recorded at
a discount of $3,177,000  due to the fair value  ascribed to the warrants  using
Black-Scholes and the effect of the beneficial conversion feature.

                                      F-29
<PAGE>

      In October 2005, the Company entered into an amendment  agreement with the
October 2003 Debenture  holders to amend the maturity date from October 31, 2005
to June 30, 2007,  and increase the interest rate from 6% to 7% (see  "Debenture
Agreement Amendment" below for more details).

      Upon  completing  the sale of the  October  2003  Debentures,  the Company
received  $3,275,000 in net proceeds  consisting of $1,725,000  from the October
2003  Debentures  and  $1,550,000  that had  been  withheld  from the July  2003
Debentures.  As  noted  above,  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  October  2003
Debentures,  $1,550,000  of the  proceeds  from  the  sale of the  October  2003
Debentures  had been held back.  However,  these  proceeds  were released to the
Company in April 2004. As required by the Debentures, the Company has provided a
mortgage on the ISI facility as further security for the Debentures.

      The October 2003 Debentures are convertible at the option of the investors
at any time through October 31, 2005 into shares of the Company's  common stock.
The  conversion  price under the October 2003  Debentures  is fixed at $2.02 per
share, subject to adjustment for anti-dilution protection for issuance of common
stock or securities  convertible  or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price
less than the conversion  price then in effect.  In addition,  in the event that
the  Company  does not pay the  redemption  price  at  maturity,  the  Debenture
holders,  at their  option,  may convert the balance due at the lower of (a) the
conversion  price then in effect and (b) 95% of the lowest closing sale price of
the Company's common stock during the three trading days ending on and including
the conversion date.

      The October 2008 Warrants,  as amended,  received by the investors were to
acquire an aggregate  of 410,134  shares of common stock at a price of $2.32 per
share.  The  amended  Warrants  resulted  in  an  additional  debt  discount  of
approximately  $53,000 in 2004 to be amortized  over the  remaining  life of the
October 2003 debenture or in the event of conversion be written off to financing
costs on a pro-rata  basis.  These  Warrants  were  exercised in July 2004 which
produced gross proceeds in the amount of approximately $952,000.

      As noted  above,  on July 13, 2004,  in  consideration  for the  Debenture
holders' exercise of all of the July 2003 and October 2003 Warrants amounting to
approximately  $2,199,000 in gross proceeds, the Company issued to these holders
warrants (the "June 2009 Warrants") to purchase an aggregate of 1,300,000 shares
of common stock since the July 2003 debenture was fully  converted in July 2004.
The issuance of these  warrants  resulted in an additional  debt discount to the
October 2003 Debenture,  as restated,  of $1,515,000 and a financing  charge, as
restated,  of  $2,128,000.  The additional  debt discount of $1,515,000  will be
amortized over the remaining life of the debenture.

                                      F-30
<PAGE>

      The June 2009  Warrants are to acquire at any time  commencing  on January
13, 2005 through June 30, 2009 an aggregate of 1,300,000  shares of common stock
at a price of $3.75 per share.  On July 13, 2005,  the  exercise  price of these
June 2009 Warrants was reset to the lesser of the exercise  price then in effect
or a price equal to the average of the daily price of the common  stock  between
July 14, 2004 and July 12, 2005.  The exercise price (and the reset price) under
the  June  2009  Warrants  also is  subject  to  adjustments  for  anti-dilution
protection  similar  to  those  in  the  other  Warrants.   Notwithstanding  the
foregoing, the exercise price as reset or adjusted for anti-dilution, will in no
event be less than $3.33 per share.  Upon  completion of the August 2004 Private
Placement (see below),  the exercise  price was lowered to $3.33 per share.  The
Company  agreed to register the shares  issuable  upon exercise of the June 2009
Warrants  pursuant to substantially  the same terms as the  registration  rights
agreements between the Company and the holders. Pursuant to this obligation, the
Company has registered the shares.

      The Company has paid $1,300,000 into the debenture cash collateral account
as required  by the terms of the  October  2003  Debentures.  The  amounts  paid
through December 31, 2005 have been accounted for as advances receivable and are
reflected as such on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2005. The
cash  collateral   account  provides  partial  security  for  repayment  of  the
outstanding Debentures in the event of default.

      As of December 31, 2005, the investors had converted  $2,071,178 principal
amount of the October 2003 Debenture into 1,025,336  shares of Common Stock. The
remaining  balance of $2,071,178 is convertible  into 1,025,336 shares of common
stock.

      The Company  recorded  financing  costs for the years ended  December  31,
2005,  2004 and 2003,  with regard to the October 2003 Debentures of $1,142,000,
$1,212,000  and  $274,000,  respectively.  Interest  expense for the years ended
December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, with regard to the October 2003 Debentures was
$129,000, $118,000 and $24,000, respectively.

January 2004 Debenture

      On January 26, 2004,  the Company  issued an aggregate  of  $4,000,000  in
principal amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures due January 31, 2006 (the
"January  2004  Debentures"),  an aggregate of 790,514  warrants (the "July 2009
Warrants") and 158,103 shares of common stock, and Additional  Investment Rights
(to purchase up to an  additional  $2,000,000  principal  amount of January 2004
Debentures  commencing  in six months) in a private  placement for aggregate net
proceeds of $3,695,000.  The January 2004 Debentures  mature on January 31, 2006
and bear  interest at 6% per annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash or,  subject to
satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock
issued to the  investors  as payment of  interest  shall be valued at 95% of the
average closing price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business
days ending on the third  business  day  immediately  preceding  the  applicable
interest  payment  date.  Pursuant to the terms of the January 2004  debentures,
commencing  July 26,  2004,  the  Company  began to repay  the then  outstanding
principal amount under the Debentures in monthly installments  amortized over 18
months in cash or, at the  Company's  option,  in  shares of common  stock.  Any
shares of common stock issued to the investors as installment  payments shall be
valued at 95% of the average closing price of the common stock during the 10-day
trading period  commencing on and including the eleventh trading day immediately
preceding the date that the installment is due. The January 2004  debenture,  at
issuance,  was recorded at a discount of $2,463,000 due to the fair value of the
warrants  using  Black-Scholes  and  the  effect  of the  beneficial  conversion
feature.

                                      F-31
<PAGE>

      The January 2004 Debentures are convertible at the option of the investors
at any time through January 31, 2006 into shares of the Company's  common stock.
The  conversion  price under the January 2004  Debentures was fixed at $2.53 per
share, subject to adjustment for anti-dilution protection for issuance of common
stock or securities  convertible  or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price
less than the conversion  price then in effect.  In addition,  in the event that
the  Company  does not pay the  redemption  price  at  maturity,  the  Debenture
holders,  at their  option,  may convert the balance due at the lower of (a) the
conversion  price then in effect and (b) 95% of the lowest closing sale price of
the Company's common stock during the three trading days ending on and including
the conversion  date. Upon completion of the August 2004 Private  Placement (see
Note 9),  the  conversion  price was  lowered to $2.08 per  share.  The  Company
recorded an additional debt discount as restated (see Note 2), of  approximately
$915,000 due to this conversion price reset.

      In October 2005, the Company entered into an amendment  agreement with the
January 2004 Debenture  holders to amend the maturity date from October 31, 2005
to June 30, 2007,  and increase the interest rate from 6% to 7% (see  "Debenture
Agreement Amendment" below for more details).

      There are two classes of July 2009  Warrants  received  by the  Investors:
Class A and Class B. The Class A warrants  are to acquire any time from July 26,
2004 through July 26, 2009 an aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common stock
at a price of $3.29 per share. The Class B warrants are to acquire any time from
July 26, 2004  through  July 26, 2009 an  aggregate  of up to 395,257  shares of
common stock at a price of $5.06 per share.  On January 27,  2005,  the exercise
price of these July 2009  Class A and Class B Warrants  were reset to the lesser
of their  respective  exercise  price  then in  effect  or a price  equal to the
average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between  January  27, 2004 and
January 26, 2005.  The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the July 2009
Warrants also is subject to similar  adjustments for  anti-dilution  protection.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  exercise  prices as reset or adjusted for
anti-dilution, will in no event be less than $2.58 per share. Upon completion of
the August 2004 Private  Placement  (see Note 9), the exercise price was lowered
to $2.58 per share.  In 2004,  as restated,  and 2005,  the Company  recorded an
additional charge to financing costs of $108,000 and $228,000  respectively,  to
account for the reset of the exercise  price of the July 2009  warrants to $2.58
per share.

      As of December 31, 2005,  the investors had made  installment  payments of
$1,888,888  and  converted   $746,510  principal  amount  of  the  January  2004
Debentures into 1,094,149 and 347,000 shares of common stock, respectively.  The
remaining principal on these debentures was $1,364,602 as of December 31, 2005.

      The Company recorded financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2005
and  2004  with  regard  to  the  January  2004  Debentures  of  $1,486,000  and
$1,750,000, respectively. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2005
and 2004,  with regard to the January 2004 Debentures was $145,000 and $207,000,
respectively.


                                      F-32
<PAGE>

July 2004 Debentures

      Pursuant to the Additional Investment Rights issued in connection with the
January 2004 and July 2004  debentures,  the Company  issued to the investors an
additional $2,000,000 principal amount of January 2004 Debentures (the July 2004
Debentures").  The July  2004  Debentures  are  identical  to the  January  2004
Debentures  except that the conversion price is $2.58.  The investors  exercised
the Additional  Investment  Rights on July 13, 2004 and the Company received net
proceeds of  $1,860,000.  Upon  completion of the August 2004 Private  Placement
(see Note 9), the conversion price was lowered to $2.08 per share. The July 2004
debentures,  at  issuance,  were  recorded at a discount of $628,000  due to the
embedded  conversion  feature and the fair value of the warrants  utilizing  the
Black-Scholes  Method.  The  Company  recorded a reduction  in debt  discount of
approximately $628,000 upon the conversion price reset to $2.08 per share, which
is being amortized over the remaining life of the debenture.

      In October 2005, the Company entered into an amendment  agreement with the
July 2004 Debenture  holders to amend the maturity date from October 31, 2005 to
June 30, 2007,  and increase  the  interest  rate from 6% to 7% (see  "Debenture
Agreement Amendment" below for more details).

      As of December 31, 2005, the Company made installment payments of $500,000
resulting in the issuance of 331,669 shares of the Company's  common stock.  The
Debenture holders had not converted any portion of this debenture as of December
31, 2005.

      The Company recorded financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2005
and 2004 with  regard to the July 2004  Debentures  of  $808,000  and  $297,000,
respectively.  Interest  expense for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004,
with  regard  to  the  January  2004   Debentures   was  $113,000  and  $61,000,
respectively.

Debenture Agreement Amendment

      On  October 6,  2005,  the  Company  entered  into a  material  definitive
agreement with the October 2003, January 2004 and July 2004 debenture holders to
1) amend the remaining outstanding debentures that were to mature on October 31,
2005 (as amended, the "Series A Debenture") and the two traunches of outstanding
debentures  due to mature on January 31,  2006 (as  amended,  respectively,  the
"Series B and Series C Debentures"),  to a maturity date of June 30, 2007, 2) to
increase the interest rate from 6% per annum to 7% per annum.  In  consideration
for  extending  the maturity  date of the  outstanding  debentures,  the Company
issued an aggregate of 225,000  Warrants (the  "October  2009  Warrants") to the
debenture  holders to acquire  common stock at a price of $2.50 per share at any
time from October 31, 2005 through  October 31, 2009.  The October 2009 Warrants
contain provisions for adjustment of the exercised price in the event of certain
anti-dilution events. The Company agreed to register 135% of the shares issuable
as interest shares that might result due to the amendments to the Debentures and
issuable upon exercise of the October 2009 Warrants.

                                      F-33
<PAGE>

      The  above  transaction  and  amendment  to  the  existing  terms  of  the
above-mentioned debentures would fall under EITF 96-19, "Debtor's Accounting for
a Modification or Exchange of Debt Instruments". This EITF discussed and reached
a consensus  that a substantial  modification  of terms should be accounted for,
and reported in the same manner as, an  extinguishment.  Any  modification  of a
debt instrument  between a debtor and creditor in a non-troubled  debt situation
is deemed to be a substantial modification in the event the present value of the
cash flows under the new terms of the new debt instrument is at least 10 percent
different  from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of
the original instrument.  In the event the cash flow effect of the present value
basis is less than 10 percent,  the debt  instruments  are not  considered to be
substantially  different.  The discount rate to be used to calculate the present
value of the cash flows is the  effective  interest  rate of the  original  debt
instrument.  Accordingly,  the  Company  has  treated the change in terms to the
original debentures as non-substantial in nature and have not accounted for such
modification as an  extinguishment of debt, but rather a debt  modification.  In
addition,  the 225,000 warrants issued to the debenture holders as consideration
for extending the maturity date were valued using the  Black-Scholes  method was
$556,000 and recorded as additional  debt  discount on the July 2004  Debenture.
The discount will be amortized as interest expense over the new term of the debt
instrument. Any costs incurred by third parties were expensed as incurred.

Registration Rights Agreements

      The Company entered into Registration Rights Agreements with the investors
in connection with the issuance of (i) the above Debentures; (ii) the June 2008,
July 2008,  October 2008,  July 2009, and May 2009 Warrants  (collectively,  the
"Warrants");  and (iii) the  shares  issued in  January  2004.  Pursuant  to the
Registration  Rights  Agreements  the  Company has  registered  on behalf of the
investors  the  shares  issued to them in  January  2004 and 135% of the  shares
issuable  upon  conversion  of the  Debentures  and upon  exercise of all of the
Warrants.  If, subject to certain exceptions,  sales of all shares so registered
cannot be made pursuant to the registration statements, then the Company will be
required  to pay to the  investors  their pro rata  share of  $.00067  times the
outstanding  principal amount of the relevant  Debentures for each day the above
condition exists.

Investment Banking Fees

      By agreement with Cardinal Securities, LLC, for general financial advisory
services and in conjunction  with the private  debenture  placements in July and
October 2003 and in January and July 2004, the Company paid Cardinal Securities,
LLC an  investment  banking  fee  equal  to 7% of the  investments  made  by the
Debenture  holders and issued to  Cardinal  the  following  warrants to purchase
common  stock:  (i)  112,500   exercisable  at  $2.57  per  share;  (ii)  87,500
exercisable  at $2.42 per  share;  and (iii)  100,000  exercisable  at $3.04 per
share.  The $2.57 warrants expire on July 10, 2008, the $2.42 warrants expire on
October 29, 2008 and the $3.04 warrants  expire on January 5, 2009.  With regard
to the exercise of the June 2008 Warrants and issuance of the May 2009 Warrants,
Cardinal  received  an  investment  banking  fee of 7%, half in cash and half in
shares.  With regard to the exercise of the Additional  Investment  Rights,  the
July 2008 and October  2008  Warrants  and  issuance of the July 2009  Warrants,
Cardinal  received an investment  banking fee of 7%, $146,980 in cash and 22,703
in shares as well as 50,000  warrants  exercisable at $4.07 expiring on July 12,
2009.  By  agreement  with  Cardinal,  the  Company  has  registered  all of the
foregoing  shares and  shares  issuable  upon  exercise  of the above  mentioned
warrants for public  resale.  As a result of all of the  transactions  discussed
above, the Company recorded $715,000, as restated as deferred financing costs on
the balance sheet.

                                      F-34
<PAGE>

Section 713 of the American Stock Exchange Company Guide

      As discussed  below,  Section 713 of the American Stock Exchange  ("AMEX")
Company Guide provides that the Company must obtain stockholder  approval before
issuance,  at a price  per  share  below  market  value,  of  common  stock,  or
securities  convertible into common stock, equal to 20% or more of the Company's
outstanding  common stock (the "Exchange Cap"). The Debentures and Warrants have
provisions that require us to pay cash in lieu of issuing shares upon conversion
of the  Debentures or exercise of the Warrants if the Company is prevented  from
issuing such shares  because of the  Exchange  Cap. In May 2004,  the  Debenture
holders agreed to amend the provisions of these Debentures and Warrants to limit
the  maximum  amount of funds that the holders  could  receive in lieu of shares
upon  conversion of the Debentures  and/or exercise of the Warrants in the event
that the  Exchange  Cap was  reached  to 119.9% of the  conversion  price of the
relevant  Debentures and 19.9% of the relevant Warrant exercise price. See below
for the accounting effect on this matter.

      Taken  separately,  the March,  July,  October and January 2004  debenture
transactions  do not trigger  Section 713.  However,  the AMEX took the position
that these transactions should be aggregated and, as such,  stockholder approval
was required  for the  issuance of common  stock for a portion of the  potential
exercise of the warrants and conversion of the Debentures in connection with the
January 2004  Debentures.  The amount of potential shares that the Company could
exceed the Exchange Cap amounted to approximately  1,299,000. In accordance with
EITF 00-19,  Accounting  For  Derivative  Financial  Instruments  Indexed to and
Potentially  Settled in a Company's Own Stock,  the Company  recorded on January
26, 2004, a redemption  obligation of approximately  $1,244,000.  This liability
represented  the fair market  value of the warrants  and  beneficial  conversion
feature related to the 1,299,000 shares.

      In addition,  in  accordance  with EITF 00-19,  the Company  revalued this
redemption  obligation  associated  with the beneficial  conversion  feature and
warrants as of March 31, 2004.  The Company  recorded an  additional  redemption
obligation and finance charge of $947,000 as a result of this revaluation.  Upon
stockholder  approval,  the  Company's  redemption  obligation  was  recorded as
additional paid in capital as of the date approval was received.

      The requisite  stockholder  approval was obtained at the Company's  Annual
Meeting of  Stockholders  on June 23, 2004. In accordance  with EITF 00-19,  the
Company  revalued this  redemption  obligation  associated  with the  beneficial
conversion  feature and  warrants as of June 23,  2004.  The Company  recorded a
reduction in the value of the  redemption  obligation  and  financing  charge of
$260,000  as a result of this  revaluation.  In  addition,  upon  receiving  the
requisite stockholder  approval,  this redemption obligation was reclassified as
additional  paid in capital as of the date the approval was received or June 23,
2004.

Accounting Guidance

      The March,  July,  October,  January  2004 and July 2004  issuances  of 6%
Senior   Convertible   Debentures  in  the  principal   amounts  of  $5,426,000,
$5,426,000,  $4,142,357 and $4,000,000 and $2,000,000  respectively  and related
embedded  conversion  features  and warrants  issuances  were  accounted  for in
accordance with EITF 98-5: Accounting for convertible securities with beneficial
conversion  features  or  contingency  adjustable  conversion  and with EITF No.
00-27:  Application of issue No. 98-5 to Certain  convertible  instruments.  The
Company determined the fair values to be ascribed to detachable  warrants issued
with the convertible debentures utilizing the Black-Scholes method. In addition,
the Company, upon the debenture holders conversion of any debt principle,  would
write  off  the  pro-rata  portion  of  the  debt  discount  applicable  to  the
conversion.

                                      F-35
<PAGE>

Collateral and Financial Covenants

      Pursuant to the terms and conditions of all of the outstanding Debentures,
the Company has pledged all of the  Company's  assets,  other than the Company's
intellectual property, as collateral,  and the Company is subject to comply with
certain  financial  covenants.  As of  December  31,  2005,  the  Company was in
compliance  with  debt  covenants   contained  within  the  Company's  debenture
agreements.

      In connection with the Debenture  agreements,  the Company has outstanding
letters of credit of $1 million as additional collateral.


(9)   Stockholders' Equity

(a)   Preferred Stock

      The  Company is  authorized  to issue  5,000,000  shares of $.01 per value
preferred  stock  with  such  designations,  rights  and  preferences  as may be
determined by the board of directors.  There were no preferred shares issued and
outstanding at December 31, 2004 and 2005.

(b)   Common Stock

      On July 31, 2003,  we had  approximately  104,000  shares of the Company's
$.001 authorized  shares of $.001 par value Common Stock that were not issued or
reserved for issuance.  In order to  accommodate  the shares needed for the July
2003 Debenture,  Dr. Carter,  the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Cardinal
Capital, the placement agent, agreed that they would not exercise their warrants
or options unless and until the Company's  stockholders  approved an increase in
the Company's  authorized shares of common stock. This action freed up 3,206,650
shares.

      The  Company's   stockholders  approved  an  amendment  to  the  Company's
corporate charter at the Annual Shareholder meeting held in Philadelphia,  PA on
September 10, 2003.  This amendment  increased the Company's  authorized  shares
from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000.

      As of December 31, 2004 and 2005, 49,631,766 and 56,264,155 shares, net of
shares held in the treasury, were outstanding, respectively.

(c)   Minority Shareholder Interest

      On March 20, 2002 the Company's European Subsidiary  Hemispherx  Biopharma
Europe,  S.A.  ("Hemispherx,  S.A.")  entered  into  a  Sales  and  Distribution
agreement with Laboratorios del Dr. Esteve S.A. ("Esteve")(Note 18). Pursuant to
the terms of the  Agreement,  Esteve was granted the  exclusive  right to market
Ampligen(R)  in  Spain,  Portugal  and  Andorra  for the  treatment  of  Myalgic
Encephalitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ("ME/CFS"). In addition to other terms and
other  projected  payments,  Esteve  paid an initial and non  refundable  fee of
625,000 Euros  (approximately  $563,000) to Hemispherx S.A. on April 24, 2002 as
the first part of a series of milestone based payments.

                                      F-36
<PAGE>

      During March 2002,  Hemispherx  was  authorized  to issue up to 22,000,000
Euros of seven percent (7%) convertible  preferred  securities.  Such securities
are guaranteed by the parent company and are convertible into a specified number
of shares of Hemispherx S.A. pursuant to the securities agreement. Conversion is
to occur on the earlier of an initial  public  offering of Hemispherx  S.A. on a
European stock exchange or September 30, 2003.

      Esteve  purchased  1,000,000 Euros of Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe S.A.'s
convertible  preferred  equity  certificates  on May 23, 2002.  During 2002, the
terms and conditions of these  securities  were changed so that these  preferred
equity  certificates  could be  converted  into the common  stock of  Hemispherx
Biopharma,  Inc. in the event that a European IPO was not completed by September
30, 2003. The  conversion  rate was 300 shares of Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.'s
common shares for each 1,000 Euro convertible preferred certificate. As a result
the Company recorded  approximately  $946,000 as minority interest in subsidiary
on its balance sheet at December 31, 2002.

      On December 18, 2002,  we proposed that Esteve  convert their  convertible
preferred equity certificates into Hemispherx common stock pursuant to the terms
of the agreement and all unpaid dividends at the market price on that conversion
date.  On  January  9, 2003,  Esteve  accepted  the  Company's  proposal  and we
registered these shares for public sale.

      On March 13, 2003, we issued 347,445 shares of the Company's  common stock
to Provesan SA, an affiliate of Esteve S.A., in exchange for 1,000,000  Euros of
convertible preferred equity certificates and any unpaid dividends.  As a result
of the  exchange,  the  minority  interest  in  subsidiary  was  transferred  to
stockholders' equity on such date.

      The contingent conversion price was more than the then market value of the
parent  company's  or  subsidiaries'  common  stock  at each  of the  respective
measurement dates. As a result and in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force
(EITF) No. 00-27  "Application  of Issue No. 98-5  (Accounting  for  Convertible
Securities  with  Beneficial  Conversion  Features  or  Contingently  Adjustable
Conversion  Ratios) to Certain  Convertible  Instruments",  the  Company did not
ascribe any value to any contingent conversion feature.

(c)   Equity Financing

      On August 5, 2004,  the  Company  closed a private  placement  with select
institutional  investors  ("August  2004 Private  Placement")  of  approximately
3,617,300 shares of its Common Stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of up
to approximately 1,085,200 shares of its Common Stock. Jefferies & Company, Inc.
acted as  Placement  Agent for which it received a fee and  warrants to purchase
Common Stock. The Company raised approximately $6,984,000 net proceeds from this
private offering.

      The Warrant issued to each  purchaser is exercisable  for up to 30% of the
number of shares of Common  Stock  purchased by such  Purchaser,  at an exercise
price  equal to $2.86 per share.  Each  Warrant  has a term of five years and is
fully exercisable from the date of issuance. Pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement,  made and entered into as of August 5, 2004 (the "Rights Agreement"),
the Company  registered  the resales of the shares issued to the  Purchasers and
shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

                                      F-37
<PAGE>

      By agreement with Cardinal Securities, LLC, for general financial advisory
services and in conjunction  with the August 2004 Private  Placement with select
institutional investors, the Company paid Cardinal Securities, LLC an investment
banking fee of $140,000.  The Company paid Cardinal  one-half of the fee in cash
with the remainder  being paid with the issuance of 50,000  warrants to purchase
common  stock  exercisable  at $2.50 per share  expiring  on March 31,  2010 and
46,667  shares of common  stock.  By agreement  with  Cardinal,  the Company has
agreed to register all of the foregoing shares and shares issuable upon exercise
of the above mentioned warrants for public resale.

      Closing of the August 2004 Private  Placement  triggered the anti-dilution
provisions of the January 2004  Debentures and the July 2004  Debentures and the
July 2009 Warrants and the June 2009 Warrants.  The conversion  price adjustment
for the  Debentures  noted above  resulted in an adjustment of $1,320,000 in the
third  quarter 2004 to the  Debenture  discount and  additional  paid-in-capital
using the Black-Scholes Method.

      On  July 8,  2005,  the  Company  entered  into a  common  stock  purchase
agreement with Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC ("Fusion Capital"), pursuant to which
Fusion Capital has agreed, under certain conditions, to purchase on each trading
day $40,000 of the  Company's  common stock up to an aggregate of $20.0  million
over  approximately  a 25 month period,  subject to earlier  termination  at the
Company's  discretion.  In the Company's  discretion,  it may elect to sell less
common  stock to Fusion  Capital  than the daily  amount and we may increase the
daily amount as the market price of the Company's stock increases.  The purchase
price of the  shares of common  stock  will be equal to a price  based  upon the
future market price of the common stock without any fixed discount to the market
price.  Fusion  Capital  does not have the right or the  obligation  to purchase
shares of the  Company's  common stock in the event that the price of the common
stock is less than $1.00.

      Pursuant to the Company's  agreement with Fusion Capital,  the Company has
registered  for public  sale by Fusion  Capital up to  10,795,597  shares of our
common stock.  However, in the event that the Company decides to issue more than
10,113,278,  i.e. greater than 19.99% of the outstanding  shares of common stock
as of the date of the  agreement,  the  Company  would  first  seek  stockholder
approval in order to be in compliance  with American Stock Exchange rules. As of
December 31, 2005,  Fusion Capital has purchased  4,007,255  shares amounting to
approximately $8,034,000 in gross proceeds to the Company.

      In connection  with entering into the above agreement with Fusion Capital,
the Company, in July 2005, issued to Fusion Capital 402,798 shares of its common
stock.  392,798 of these shares represented 50% of the commitment fee due Fusion
Capital with the remaining 10,000 shares issued as  reimbursement  for expenses.
An  additional  392,799  shares,  representing  the  remaining  balance  of  the
commitment,  are issuable in conjunction with daily purchases of common stock by
Fusion Capital.  These additional  commitment shares will be issued in an amount
equal to the product of (x) 392,799 and (y) the Purchase  Amount  Fraction.  The
"Purchase  Amount  Fraction"  means a fraction,  the  numerator  of which is the
purchase price at which the shares are being purchased by Fusion Capital and the
denominator of which is $20,000,000. As of December 31, 2005, Fusion Capital was
issued 263,713 shares towards this commitment fee.

                                      F-38
<PAGE>

(d)   Common Stock Options and Warrants

(i)   Stock Options

      The 1990 Stock  Option Plan  provides for the grant of options to purchase
up to 460,798 shares of the Company's Common Stock to employees,  directors, and
officers of the Company and to  consultants,  advisors,  and other persons whose
contributions  are  important to the success of the Company.  The  recipients of
options  granted  under the 1990 Stock Option  Plan,  the number of shares to be
converted  by each  option,  and the  exercise  price,  vesting  terms,  if any,
duration and other terms of each option  shall be  determined  by the  Company's
board of directors or, if delegated by the board, its Compensation Committee. No
option is exercisable more than 10 years and one month from the date as of which
an option  agreement is executed.  These shares  become vested  through  various
periods  not to exceed  four  years  from the date of grant.  The  option  price
represents the fair market value of each underlying share of Common Stock at the
date of grant, based upon the public trading price.

Information regarding the options approved by the Board of Directors under the
1990 Stock Option Plan is summarized below:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                               2003                             2004                             2005
                    --------------------------       --------------------------          --------------------



                                            Weighted                               Weighted                              Weighted
                                            Average                                Average                               Average
                               Option       Exercise                 Option        Exercise              Option          Exercise
                   Shares       Price        Price     Shares        Price         Price       Shares    Price           Price
                  --------    ----------    -------   --------     ----------     --------   ---------    ----------      -----
Outstanding,
beginning of
<S>                <C>        <C>   <C>     <C>        <C>         <C>   <C>      <C>        <C>          <C>   <C>    <C>
year               294,665    $1.06-4.34    $   3.50   433,134     $1.06-4.34     $   3.10   414,702      $2.71-4.03   $   3.11

Granted            200,000    $     2.75    $   2.75        --             --        --           --               --        --



Canceled           (61,531)   $3.80-4.03    $   3.97   (18,432)    $     4.34     $   4.34        --               --        --

Exercised               --            --       --           --             --        --           --               --        --

Outstanding,
end of year        433,134    $1.06-4.34    $   3.10   414,702     $2.71-4.03     $   3.11   414,702      $2.71-4.03   $   3.11
                                                                                            ========      ===========     =====

Exercisable        433,134    $1.06-4.34    $   3.10   414,702     $2.71-4.03     $   3.11   414,702      $2.71-4.03   $   3.11
                                                                                            ========      ===========     =====

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual                                                                                     3.37             8.24      7.15
                                                                                            ========      ===========     =====
life (years)         years            --       --        years             --          --      years               --        --
                  ========    ==========    =====     ========     ==========       =====    =======      ===========     =====

Exercised in
current and
prior years        (27,215)           --       --      (27,215)            --          --    (27,215)              --        --
                  ========    ==========    =====     ========     ==========       =====   ========      ===========     =====

Available for
future grants          449            --       --       18,881             --          --     18,881               --        --
                  ========    ==========    =====     ========     ==========       =====   ========      ===========     =====
</TABLE>


The following table summarizes information about these options outstanding at
December 31, 2005:

                                      F-39
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              Exercise Price Range
<S>                                           <C>     <C>               <C>                <C>
                                              $2.71 - $2.75             $3.50              $4.03              Total
Outstanding Options:
Number Outstanding                                  273,728            54,974             86,000            414,702
Remaining contracted life years                         9.0               4.0                3.0                7.1
Weighted average exercise price                       $2.74             $3.50              $4.03              $3.11
Exercisable Options:
Number outstanding                                  273,728            54,974             86,000            414,702
Weighted average exercise price                       $2.74             $3.50              $4.03              $3.11
</TABLE>


      In December  1992,  the Board of Directors  approved the 1992 Stock Option
Plan (the 1992 Stock  Option  Plan) which  provides  for the grant of options to
purchase  up to  92,160  shares  of the  Company's  Common  Stock to  employees,
directors,  and officers of the Company and to consultants,  advisors, and other
persons whose  contributions  are  important to the success of the Company.  The
recipients of the options  granted under the 1992 Stock Option Plan,  the number
of shares to be covered by each option,  and the exercise price,  vesting terms,
if any,  duration  and other terms of each  option  shall be  determined  by the
Company's  board of directors.  No option is exercisable  more than 10 years and
one month from the date as of which an option agreement is executed. To date, no
options have been granted under the 1992 Stock Option Plan.

      The Company's  1993 Employee  Stock Purchase Plan (the 1993 Purchase Plan)
was  approved by the board of  directors  in July 1993.  The outline of the 1993
Purchase  Plan  provides for the  issuance,  subject to  adjustment  for capital
changes, of an aggregate of 138,240 shares of Common Stock to employees.

      The 1993 Purchase Plan is  administered by the  Compensation  Committee of
the board of directors.  Under the 1993  Purchase  Plan,  Company  employees are
eligible  to  participate  in  semi-annual   plan  offerings  in  which  payroll
deductions  may be used to purchase  shares of Common Stock.  The purchase price
for such  shares is equal to the lower of 85% of the fair  market  value of such
shares on the date of grant or 85% of its fair  market  value of such  shares on
the date such right is  exercised.  There have been no offerings  under the 1993
Purchase Plan to date and no shares of Common Stock have been issued thereunder.

      During 2003, the Company  issued options to acquire  200,000 shares to its
general  counsel  under the 1990 plan for services  rendered.  As a result,  the
Company charged operating expenses in the amount of $237,000.

      The Equity  Incentive Plan effective May 1, 2004,  authorizes the grant of
non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock and other stock awards.  A maximum of 8,000,000  shares of common stock is
reserved for potential  issuance  pursuant to awards under the Equity  Incentive
Plan.  Unless  sooner  terminated,  the Equity  Incentive  Plan will continue in
effect for a period of 10 years from its effective date.

      The Equity  Incentive Plan is administered by the Board of Directors.  The
Equity Incentive Plan provides for awards to be made to such officers, other key
employees,  non-employee directors,  consultants and advisors of the Company and
its subsidiaries as the Board may select.

                                      F-40
<PAGE>

      Stock options  awarded under the Equity  Incentive Plan may be exercisable
at such  times  (not  later  than 10 years  after the date of grant) and at such
exercise  prices (not less than fair  market  value at the date of grant) as the
Board may  determine.  The Board may provide  for options to become  immediately
exercisable upon a "change in control," which is defined in the Equity Incentive
Plan to occur  upon any of the  following  events:  (a) the  acquisition  by any
person or group, as beneficial  owner, of 20% or more of the outstanding  shares
or the voting power of the outstanding  securities of the Company;  (b) either a
majority of the directors of Company at the annual stockholders meeting has been
nominated  other than by or at the direction of the  incumbent  directors of the
Board,  or the  incumbent  directors  cease  to  constitute  a  majority  of the
Company's  Board;  (c) the  Company's  stockholders  approve  a merger  or other
business  combination  pursuant  to which the  outstanding  common  stock of the
Company no longer  represents  more than 50% of the  combined  entity  after the
transaction;   (d)  the  Company's  shareholders  approve  a  plan  of  complete
liquidation or an agreement for the sale or disposition of all or  substantially
all of the Company's assets;  or (e) any other event or circumstance  determined
by the  Company's  Board to affect  control of the  Company  and  designated  by
resolution of the Board as a change of control.

      Information regarding the options approved by the Board of Directors under
the Equity Incentive Plan is summarized below:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 2004                                        2005
                             -------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ -------------- -------------


                                                              Weighted                                          Weighted
                                                               Average                                          Average
                                                              Exercise                                           Exercise
                                Shares       Option Price       Price        Shares         Option Price          Price
                              -----------   -------------   --------------  -----------    -------------    -------------
<S>                               <C>         <C>   <C>      <C>               <C>           <C>   <C>      <C>
Outstanding beginning at
year                                   --             --                --       633,080     $1.90-3.44     $        2.56

Granted                           633,080     $1.90-3.44     $        2.56     1,352,600     $1.63-2.87     $        2.11

Canceled                               --             --                --            --             --                --

Exercised                              --             --                --            --             --                --
                                                                                                            -------------

Outstanding end of year           633,080     $1.90-3.44     $        2.56     1,985,680     $1.63-2.87     $        2.15
                                                                                             ==========     =============

Exercisable                       538,432     $2.60-3.44     $        2.68     1,373,250     $1.63-2.87     $        2.17
                                                                                             ==========     =============

Weighted  average
remaining contractual life
(years) 10 years 8-9 years

Available for future grants     7,366,920                                                                       6,014,320
                                ==========                                                                  =============
</TABLE>


The following table summarizes  information  about these options  outstanding at
December 31, 2005:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Exercise Price Range                             Total
                                                                                                  ---------------------
<S>                                      <C>   <C>            <C>   <C>                  <C>
                                         $1.63-$1.90          $2.00-2.87                 $3.44
                                     ------------------ ------------------- --------------------- ---------------------
Outstanding options: Number                1,101,648             834,032                50,000             1,985,680
outstanding
Remaining contracted life years                  8.2                 9.5                     9                   8.9
Weighted average exercise price                $1.81               $2.52                 $3.44                 $2.15
Exercisable options: Number
outstanding                                  575,918             747,332                50,000             1,373,250
Weighted average exercise price                $1.76               $2.52                 $3.44                 $2.17
</TABLE>

                                      F-41
<PAGE>

(ii)  Stock warrants

Number of warrants exercisable into shares of common stock

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                               2003                                  2004                                 2005
                    --------------------------            -------------------------                ------------------


                                               Weighted                             Weighted                               Weighted
                                               Average                              Average                                Average
                                 Option        Exercise                Option       Exercise                 Option        Exercise
                    Shares      Price        Price         Shares    Price        Price          Shares    Price          Price
                    ------      -----        -----         ------    -----        ----------     ------    -----          ---------
<S>              <C>          <C>   <C>     <C>        <C>           <C>   <C>    <C>        <C>           <C>   <C>       <C>
Outstanding
beginning of
year             7,967,810    $1.75-16.00   $   3.18   11,502,796    $1.74-16.0   $   3.57   13,167,037    $1.75-16.00     $   3.46

Granted          4,623,024    $1.68-2.57    $   2.32    4,791,187    $2.58-4.20   $   3.25      565,000    $1.55-3.000     $   2.08

Canceled          (276,000)   $4.00-10.00   $   6.54     (858,360)   $4.00-8.00   $   5.34   (2,197,200)   $1.75-12.00     $   3.70

Exercised         (812,038)   $1.68-1.75    $   1.69   (2,268,586)   $1.74-3.50   $   2.32       (5,000)   $1.75-12.00     $   1.75
                                                                                            -----------    -----------     --------

Outstanding
end of year     11,502,796    $1.74-16.00   $   3.57   13,167,037    $1.75-16.00  $   3.46   11,529,837    $1.55-16.00     $   3.32
                                                                                            ===========    ===========     ========

Exercisable      8,635,560    $1.74-16.00   $   4.11   12,667,037    $1.75-16.00  $   3.46   11,529,837    $1.55-16.00     $   3.32
                                                                                            ===========    ===========     ========

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual
life (years)      4.04 years                            4.3 years                           4.43 years
                  ===========                         ===========                           ==========

Years
exercisable        2004-2008                          2005-2009                              2006-2015
                 ===========                          ===========                           ==========
</TABLE>

The following table summarizes  information about stock warrants  outstanding at
December 31, 2005:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             Exercise price range                Total

<S>                                       <C>   <C>           <C>   <C>           <C>    <C>              <C>   <C>
                                          $1.75-$5.00         $6.00-$9.00         $10.00-$16.00           $1.75-$16.00
                                  -------------------- ------------------- --------------------- ----------------------
Outstanding warrants
Number outstanding                         10,416,187             713,650               400,000             11,529,837
Weighted average remaining
contractual life(years)
                                                  4.2                 2.2                  1.46                   4.43
Weighted average exercise price                 $2.89               $6.80                $13.00                  $3.32
Exercisable warrants
Number outstanding                         10,416,187             713,650               400,000             11,529,837
Weighted average exercise price                 $2.89               $6.80                $13.00                  $3.32
</TABLE>

                                      F-42
<PAGE>

      Certain of the stock warrants  outstanding  are subject to adjustments for
stock splits and dividends.

Warrants issued to stockholders

      At  December  31, 2001 there were  232,160  warrants  remaining.  In 2002,
10,000 were converted to common stock.  At December 31, 2002 and 2003 there were
222,160  warrants  remaining.  These warrants had an exercise price of $3.50 per
share and expired in October 2004.

Other stock warrants

      The  Company  has  issued  other  stock  warrants  outstanding  - totaling
11,529,837 which consists of the following:

      In November  1994,  the Company  granted  Rule 701 Warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 2,080,000 shares of Common Stock to certain officers and directors.
These Warrants are exercisable at $3.50 per share and, if not exercised, were to
expire in September,  1999. On February 19, 1999 the Board of Directors extended
the  expiration  date for  three  more  years.  In 1999  235,000  warrants  were
exercised and 5,000 warrants were exercised in 2000. At December 31, 2000, there
were  1,840,000  Rule 701 warrants  remaining.  In 2001 20,000 of these warrants
expired,  leaving a balance of 1,820,000 in warrants outstanding at December 31,
2001.  During  2002,  420,000  warrants  expired  and the Company  extended  the
expiration date of the remaining balance of 1,400,000 for a period of five years
to now expire on September 30, 2007. These stock warrants have an exercise price
of $3.50. In accordance with FASB  Interpretation No. 44, Accounting for Certain
Transactions   involving  Stock  Compensation,   no  compensation   expense  was
recognized as the exercise  price at the extension  date exceeded the fair value
of the underlying common stock.

      In May 1995, the Company and certain officers,  directors and shareholders
entered into a standby finance agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to
provide an aggregate of  $5,500,000  in financing to the Company  during 1995 in
the event that existing and additional  financing was  insufficient to cover the
cash needs of the Company  through  December 31, 1996. In exchange,  the Company
issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,750,000  shares of Common Stock at
$1.75 per share to the parties.  In 1999,  290,000,  in 2000,  216,500, in 2001,
200,000,  2002,  1,300,  2003 35,000 and in 2004 205,000 of these  warrants were
exercised,  leaving a balance of these  warrants of 1,210,200.  These  remaining
warrants expired on June 30, 2005.

      In the years 2001, 2002 and 2003, the Company issued  450,000,  25,000 and
no warrants,  respectively,  exclusive of warrants issued in connection with the
Company's 2003 Debenture  issuances (see below), to investment banking firms for
services performed on behalf of the Company.  Accordingly,  the Company recorded
stock  compensation of $637,000,  $133,000 and none for the years 2001, 2002 and
2003,  respectively.  These warrants have various  vesting dates and exercisable
prices ranging from $4.00 to $16.00 per share. In total, 1,193,800 warrants were
outstanding  at December 31, 2002. In 2003,  225,000 of these  warrants  expired
leaving a balance of 968,800 warrants at December 31, 2003. In 2004,  193,800 of
these  warrants  expired  leaving a balance of 775,000  warrants at December 31,
2004. In 2005,  350,000 of these warrants  expired leaving a balance of 425,000.
These warrants are exercisable in five years from the date of issuance.

                                      F-43
<PAGE>

      In 2003, 2004 and 2005 the Company had non-public warrants  outstanding of
5,100,650, 4,645,650 and 4,268,650 respectively.  These warrants are exercisable
at rates of $1.55 to $10.00 per share of common  stock.  The exercise  price was
equal to the fair  market  value of the stock on the date of grant.  During 2003
the Company  granted  1,450,000  warrants to employees with an exercise price of
$2.20 for services  performed  and 51,000  warrants  expired.  During 2002,  the
Company granted 1,777,000  warrants to employees for services  performed.  These
warrants have a weighted  average  exercise  price of $2.07 per share,  and have
been included in the pro-forma loss  calculation in note 3(n).  2,254,650 of the
non-public  warrants were outstanding at December 31, 2002. During 2002, none of
these warrants were exercised and 750,000  expired.  3,701,650 of the non-public
warrants were outstanding at December 31, 2002. At December 31, 2003,  5,100,650
warrants were outstanding.  During 2004, 15,000 warrants were issued and 470,000
expired  leaving a balance of  4,645,650  at December  31,  2004.  During  2005,
265,000  warrants were issued and 642,000 expired leaving a balance of 4,268,650
at December 31, 2005.  These stock  warrants have exercise  prices  ranging from
$3.50 to $4.00 In accordance  with FASB  Interpretation  No. 44,  Accounting for
Certain Transactions  involving Stock Compensation,  no compensation expense was
recognized as the exercise  price at the extension  date exceeded the fair value
of the underlying common stock.

      In 2003 the  company  issued  warrants  to  acquire  3,173,024  shares  in
connection  with the  financing  of the  purchase  of the  assets of  Interferon
Sciences,  Inc. During 2003,  777,038 of these warrants were exercised leaving a
balance of 2,395,986 at December 31, 2003. During 2004,  4,776,187 warrants were
issued related to debt financing and 2,035,986 warrants were exercised leaving a
balance of  5,136,189  warrants at  December  31,  2004.  During  2005,  300,000
warrants were issued leaving a balance of 5,436,189 at December 31, 2005.

(e)   Stock Repurchase

      The  Company's  repurchases  of  shares of common  stock are  recorded  as
"Treasury  Stock" and result in a  reduction  of  "Stockholders'  equity."  When
treasury shares are reissued, the Company uses a first-in,  first-out method and
the excess of repurchase cost over reissuance price is treated as a reduction of
"Additional  paid-in capital." At December 31, 2003 there were 443 shares in the
treasury.  During  2003 most of the then  existing  treasury  shares were either
re-issued or retired. There was no Treasury Stock repurchased, re-issued and the
balance of 443 shares were sold in 2004.

(f)   Rights offering

      On November 19, 2002, the Board of Directors of Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
(the  "Company")  declared  a  dividend  distribution  of  one  Right  for  each
outstanding  share of  Common  Stock to  stockholders  of record at the close of
business on November  29, 2002 (the  "Record  Date").  Each Right  entitles  the
registered  holder  to  purchase  from  the  Company  a unit  consisting  of one
one-hundredth of a share (a "Unit") of Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred
Stock,  par value $.01 per share (the "Series A Preferred  Stock") at a Purchase
Price of $30.00 per Unit,  subject to adjustment.  The  description and terms of
the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement (the "Rights  Agreement") between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent.

                                      F-44
<PAGE>

      Initially,  the  Rights are  attached  to all  Common  Stock  certificates
representing  shares then outstanding,  and no separate Rights Certificates will
be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Rights Agreement,
the Rights will  separate  from the Common  Stock and a  Distribution  Date will
occur upon the  earlier of (i) 10 days  following a public  announcement  that a
person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an "Acquiring  Person") has
acquired  beneficial  ownership  of 15% or more (or 20% or more for  William  A.
Carter,  M.D.) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "Stock Acquisition
Date"), other than as a result of repurchases of stock by the Company or certain
inadvertent  actions by institutional  or certain other  stockholders or (ii) 10
business  days (or such later date as the Board shall  determine)  following the
commencement  of a tender offer or exchange  offer that would result in a person
or group  becoming an Acquiring  Person.  Until the  Distribution  Date, (i) the
Rights  will  be  evidenced  by  the  Common  Stock  certificates  and  will  be
transferred with and only with such Common Stock  certificates,  (ii) new Common
Stock  certificates  issued  after  the  Record  Date will  contain  a  notation
incorporating  the Rights  Agreement by reference  and (iii) the  surrender  for
transfer of any certificates  for Common Stock  outstanding will also constitute
the transfer of the Rights  associated with the Common Stock represented by such
certificate. Pursuant to the Rights Agreement, the Company reserves the right to
require prior to the  occurrence of a Triggering  Event (as defined below) that,
upon any exercise of Rights,  a number of Rights be exercised so that only whole
shares of Preferred Stock will be issued.

(10)  Segment and Related Information

      The  Company  operates  in  one  segment,   which  performs  research  and
development activities related to Ampligen(R) and other drugs under development,
and sales and marketing of Alferon(R).

      The following table presents  revenues by country based on the location of
the use of the product services.


                                           (in thousands)
                                          2003             2004             2005
                                        ------           ------           ------
United States                           $  655           $1,225           $1,083
Belgium                                      2                4               --
Other                                       --               --               --
                                                         ------           ------
                                        $  657           $1,229           $1,083
                                        ======           ======           ======

                                      F-45
<PAGE>

The Company employs an insignificant amount of net property and equipment in its
foreign operations.

(11)  Research, Consulting and Supply Agreements

      In 1994,  the Company  entered into a licensing  agreement  with Bioclones
(Proprietary)  limited  ("Bioclones") for manufacturing and international market
development in Africa,  Australia,  New Zealand,  Tasmania,  the United Kingdom,
Ireland and certain  countries in South Africa,  of Ampligen(R)  and Oragen(TM).
The Company  deemed this  marketing  arrangement  with Bioclones void due to the
numerous and long standing failures of performance by Bioclones. On December 27,
2004  the  Company   initiated  a  lawsuit  in  Federal   Court   identifying  a
conspiratorial  group seeking to illegally  manipulate  the Company's  stock for
purposes of bringing about a hostile takeover of Hemispherx. This conspiratorial
group includes Bioclones.

      In 1998,  the Company  entered into a strategic  alliance  with Accredo to
develop  certain  marketing and  distribution  capacities for Ampligen(R) in the
United States. Accredo is one of the nation's largest home health care companies
with over 400 offices and sixty thousand caregivers nationwide.  Pursuant to the
agreement,   Accredo  assumed  certain   responsibilities  for  distribution  of
Ampligen(R) for which they received a fee. Through this arrangement, the Company
may mitigate the necessity of incurring certain up-front costs. Accredo has also
worked with the  Company in  connection  with the Amp 511 ME/CFS  cost  recovery
treatment  program,  Amp 516  ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial and the Amp 719
(combining Ampligen(R) with other antiviral drugs in HIV-salvage therapy and Amp
720 HIV Phase IIb  clinical  trials now under way).  There can be no  assurances
that this alliance will develop a significant  commercial position in any of its
targeted  chronic  disease  markets.  The agreement had an initial one year term
from February 9, 1998 with  successive  additional  one year terms unless either
party notifies the other not less than 180 days prior to the anniversary date of
its intent to terminate the agreement. Also, the agreement may be terminated for
uncured  defaults,  or  bankruptcy,  or  insolvency  of  either  party  and will
automatically terminate upon the Company's receiving an NDA for Ampligen(R) from
the FDA, at which time, a new agreement will need to be negotiated  with Accredo
or another major drug distributor. There were no initial fees.

      In December,  1999,  the Company  entered  into an agreement  with Biovail
Corporation International ("Biovail").  Biovail is an international full service
pharmaceutical   company   engaged  in  the   formulation,   clinical   testing,
registration and manufacture of drug products  utilizing  advanced drug delivery
systems.  Biovail is  headquartered  in Toronto,  Canada.  The agreement  grants
Biovail the exclusive  distributorship  of the Company's product in the Canadian
territories subject to certain terms and conditions.  In return,  Biovail agrees
to  conduct  certain  pre-marketing  clinical  studies  and  market  development
programs, including without limitation,  expansion of the Emergency Drug Release
Program in Canada with respect to the Company' products.  Biovail agrees to work
with the Company in preparing and filing of a New Drug  Submission with Canadian
Regulatory  Authorities.  Biovail invested $2.25 million in Hemispherx equity at
prices above the then current  market price and agreed to make further  payments
based on reaching certain regulatory milestones.  The Agreement requires Biovail
to  penetrate  certain  market  segments at specific  rates in order to maintain
market  exclusivity.  The agreement  terminates on December 15, 2009, subject to
successive two-year extensions by the parties and subject to earlier termination
by  the  parties  for  uncured  defaults  under  the  agreement,  bankruptcy  or
insolvency of either party,  or withdrawal of the Company's  product from Canada
for a period of more  than  ninety  days for  serious  adverse  health or safety
reasons.

                                      F-46
<PAGE>

      In May 2000, the Company acquired an interest in Chronix  Biomedical Corp.
("CHRONIX").  Chronix  focuses upon the  development of diagnostics  for chronic
diseases.  The Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock to Chronix toward a
total equity investment of $700,000. Pursuant to a strategic alliance agreement,
the Company  provided  Chronix with $250,000 to conduct research in an effort to
develop  intellectual  property on potential  new products  for  diagnosing  and
treating  various  chronic  illnesses  such as ME/CFS.  The  strategic  alliance
agreement  provides the Company  certain  royalty rights with respect to certain
diagnostic  technology developed from this research and a right of first refusal
to license  certain  therapeutic  technology  developed from this research.  The
strategic  alliance agreement provides the Company with a royalty payment of 10%
of all net sales of diagnostic  technology  developed by Chronix for  diagnosing
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome,  Gulf War Syndrome and Human Herpes Virus-6 associated
diseases.  The royalty  continues for the longer of 12 years from  September 15,
2000  or  the  life  of any  patent(s)  issued  with  regard  to the  diagnostic
technology.  The strategic alliance agreement also provides the Company with the
right of first refusal to acquire an exclusive worldwide license for any and all
therapeutic  technology developed by Chronix on or before September 14, 2012 for
treating  Chronic Fatigue  Syndrome,  Gulf War Syndrome and Human Herpes Virus-6
associated  diseases.  During the quarter ended  December 31, 2002 and September
30,  2004 the  Company  recorded  a noncash  charge of  $292,000  and  $373,000,
respectively,  with  respect  to  the  Company's  investment  in  Chronix.  This
impairment  reduces the Company's  carrying value to reflect a permanent decline
in Chronix's market value based on its then proposed equity offerings.

      In March 2002, the Company's European  subsidiary  Hemispherx S.A. entered
into a Sales and  Distribution  agreement with Esteve.  Pursuant to the terms of
the Agreement,  Esteve was granted the exclusive right to market  Ampligen(R) in
Spain,  Portugal and Andorra for the  treatment of ME/CFS.  In addition to other
terms and other projected  payments,  Esteve agreed to conduct certain  clinical
trials using Ampligen(R) in the patient  population  coinfected with HCV and HIV
viruses.  The Agreement  runs for the longer of ten years from the date of first
arms-length sale in the Territory,  the expiration of the last Hemispherx patent
exploited by Esteve or the period of regulatory  data protection for Ampligen(R)
in the applicable territory. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement Esteve is to
conduct  clinical  trials using  Ampligen(R) to treat patients with both HCV and
HIV and is required to purchase  certain  minimum  annual amounts of Ampligen(R)
following regulatory  approval.  Esteve initiated the HIV/HCV clinical trials in
Spain in late 2004,  but did not proceed  with the trials due to an inability to
enroll a sufficient  number of patients.  The Company is discussing  with Esteve
their  initiation of another  clinical  trial  utilizing  Ampligen(R) in another
indication.  The  agreement  is  terminable  by either party if  Ampligen(R)  is
withdrawn  from the  territory  for a  specified  period due to serious  adverse
health or safety reasons; bankruptcy, insolvency or related issues of one of the
parties;  or material  breach of the  agreement.  Hemispherx  may  transform the
agreement into a non-exclusive agreement or terminate the agreement in the event
that Esteve does not meet specified  percentages of its annual minimum  purchase
requirements  under the  agreement.  Esteve may  terminate  the agreement in the
event  that  Hemispherx  fails to  supply  Ampligen(R)  to the  territory  for a
specified  period  of  time  or  certain  clinical  trials  being  conducted  by
Hemispherx  are not  successful.  The last patent with respect to this agreement
expires on June 5, 2012.

                                      F-47
<PAGE>

      In October 2005, the Company signed a research agreement with the National
Institute of Infectious Diseases, in Tokyo, Japan. The collaboration,  by Hideki
Hasegawa,  M.D., Ph.D., Chief of the Laboratory of Infectious Disease Pathology,
will  assess  the   Company's   experimental   therapeutic   Ampligen(R)   as  a
co-administered immunotherapuetic to the Institution's nasal flu vaccine.

      In October 2005,  the Company also engaged the Sage Group,  Inc., a health
care, technology oriented, strategy and transaction advisory firm, to assist the
Company in obtaining a strategic alliance in Japan for the use of Ampligen(R) in
treating  Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  or CFS (see Note 18).  The  Company  is in
discussions  with the Sage Group,  Inc. to expand its  engagement  to assist the
Company in obtaining  strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of Ampligen(R) in
treating Avian Flu.

      In November 2005,  the Company  entered into an agreement with Defence R&D
Canada,  Suffield  ("DRDC  Suffield"),  an agency of the Canadian  Department of
National  Defence,   to  evaluate  the  antiviral   efficacy  of  the  Company's
experimental therapeutic Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R) for protection against human
respiratory  influenza  virus  infection in well validated  animal models.  DRDC
Suffield  is  conducting  research  and  development  of new  drugs  that  could
potentially  become part of the arsenal of existing  antiviral weapons to combat
the bird flu.  The initial  study will focus on the testing of  potential  drugs
against the respiratory  influenza virus infection on a mouse-adapted  strain of
human influenza.

      On  December  9,  2005,  the  Company  executed  a Supply  Agreement  with
Hollister-Stier Laboratories LLC of Spokane, Washington ("Hollister-Stier"), for
the contract  manufacturing of Ampligen(R) for a five year term. Pursuant to the
agreement the Company will supply the key raw materials and Hollister-Stier will
formulate  and bottle the  Ampligen(R).  In  November  2005,  the  Company  paid
$100,000  as a deposit in order to  initiate  the  manufacturing  project.  This
deposit was expensed as research and  development  during the 4th Quarter  2005.
The  achievement  of the  initial  objectives  described  in the  agreement,  in
combination with the Company's polymer production facility under construction in
New Brunswick, N.J., may enable the Company to manufacture the raw materials for
approximately  10,000  doses of  Ampligen(R)  per week.  The Company  executed a
confidentiality agreement with Hollister-Stier; therefore, the Company commenced
the  transfer of the  Company's  manufacturing  technology  to  Hollister-Stier.
Currently,  Hollister-Stier  has  completed  two  pilot  manufacturing  runs  of
Ampligen(R) for stability testing.

      On  February  8, 2006,  the Company  executed a  Manufacturing  and Safety
Agreement with Hyaluron, Inc. ("Hyaluron") of Burlington, Massachusetts, for the
formulation,  packaging and labeling of Alferon N Injection(R).  Pursuant to the
Agreement,  the Company  will supply raw  materials in  sufficient  quantity and
provide any pertinent information to the project.

      The Company has entered into agreements for consulting services, which are
performed at medical research  institutions and by medical and clinical research
individuals. The Company's obligation to fund these agreements can be terminated
after the initial funding period, which generally ranges from one to three years
or on an as-needed monthly basis. During the year ending December 31, 2003, 2004
and 2005 the Company  incurred  approximately  $395,000,  $220,000  and $236,000
respectively, of consulting service fees under these agreements. These costs are
charged to research and development expense as incurred.

                                      F-48
<PAGE>

(12)  401(K) Plan

      The Company  has a defined  contribution  plan,  entitled  the  Hemispherx
Biopharma Employees 401(K) Plan and Trust Agreement (the 401(K) Plan). Full time
employees  of the  Company  are  eligible  to  participate  in the  401(K)  Plan
following  one year of  employment.  Subject to certain  limitations  imposed by
federal tax laws,  participants  are eligible to  contribute  up to 15% of their
salary  (including   bonuses  and/or   commissions)  per  annum.   Participants'
contributions  to the  401(K)  Plan  may be  matched  by the  Company  at a rate
determined annually by the Board of Directors.

      Each  participant   immediately  vests  in  his  or  her  deferred  salary
contributions,  while  Company  contributions  will vest over one year. In 2003,
2004 and 2005 the Company provided  matching  contributions to each employee for
up to 6% of annual pay aggregating $34,000, $77,000 and $89,000 respectively.

(13)  Royalties, License, and Employment Agreements

      The Company  also has entered into a licensing  agreement  with a group of
individuals  and Hahnemann  University  relating to their  contributions  to the
development of certain compounds, including Ampligen(R), and to obtain exclusive
information  and  regulatory  rights  relating  to these  compounds.  Under this
agreement,  the Company will pay 2% of net sales proceeds of Ampligen(R)  not to
exceed an aggregate amount of $6 million per year through 2005.

      The Company acquired a series of patents on Oragens,  potentially a set of
oral broad spectrum antivirals and immunological enhancers,  through a licensing
agreement with Temple University in Philadelphia, PA. The Company was granted an
exclusive  worldwide  license  from  Temple  for  the  Oragens  products.  These
compounds have been evaluated in various  academic  laboratories for application
to  chronic  viral  and  immunological  disorders.  The  2',  5'  oligoadenylate
synthetase/RNase L system is an important and widely distributed pathway for the
inhibition  of viral  replication  and tumor growth.  The 2', 5'  oligoadenylate
synthetase,   up  activation  by   double-stranded   RNA,   synthesizes  2',  5'
oligoadenylates  (2-5A) from ATP. These bioactive 2-5As directly  activate RNase
L, which degrades viral and cellular RNAs resulting in the inhibition of protein
synthesis.  The bioactive 2-5A  molecules can be degraded by various  hydrolytic
enzymes,  resulting in a short half life.  Analogues of these  bioactive  2-5As,
termed  Oragen RNA  compounds,  have been  produced  to increase  stability  and
maintain or increase biological activity without demonstrable toxicity. Pursuant
to the terms of the Company's agreement with Temple, the Company is obligated to
pay  royalties  of 2% to 4% of  sales  depending  on  the  amount  of  technical
assistance required. The Company currently pays a royalty of $30,000 per year to
Temple.  This  agreement  is to remain  in  effect  until the date that the last
licensed  patent expires unless  terminated  sooner by mutual consent or default
due to royalties not being paid. The last  Oragen(TM)  patent expires on June 1,
2018. The Company records the payment of the royalty as research and development
cost for the period incurred.

      In October  1994,  the Company  entered  into a licensing  agreement  with
Bioclones (Propriety) Limited  (SAB/Bioclones) with respect to co-development of
various RNA drugs, including  Ampligen(R),  for a period ending three years from
the expiration of the last licensed patents.  The licensing  agreement  provided
SAB/Bioclones with an exclusive  manufacturing and marketing license for certain
southern  hemisphere  countries  (including  certain countries in South America,
Africa and  Australia as well as the United  Kingdom and Ireland  (the  licensed
territory).  We deem this marketing  arrangement  with Bioclones void due to the
numerous and long standing failures of performance by Bioclones.

                                      F-49
<PAGE>

      In December  2004,  the Company  filed a  multicount  complaint in federal
court  (Southern  District of Florida)  against a  conspiratorial  group,  which
includes  Bioclones,  seeking to illegally  manipulate  the Company's  stock for
purposes of bringing about a hostile takeover of Hemispherx (see Note 17).

      In October 1994, the Board of Directors granted an at the time director of
the Company  the right to receive 3% of gross  proceeds  of any  licensing  fees
received by the Company pursuant to the SAB/Bioclones licensing agreement, a fee
of .75% of gross  proceeds in the event that SAB Bioclones  makes a tender offer
for all or  substantially  all of the  Company's  assets,  including  a  merger,
acquisition or related transaction, and a fee of 1% on all products manufactured
by SAB Bioclones.

      On March 20, 2002, the Company's European subsidiary  Hemispherx Biopharma
Europe, S.A. ("Hemispherx S.A.") entered into a sales and Distribution agreement
with Laboratories Del Dr. Esteve S.A.  ("Esteve").  Pursuant to the terms of the
agreement,  Esteve was  granted the  exclusive  right to market  Ampligen(R)  in
Spain,  Portugal  and  Andorra  for the  treatment  of  Myalgic/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS").  In addition to other terms and other projected  payments,
Esteve paid an initial and  non-refundable  fee of 625,000 Euros  (approximately
$563,000)  to  Hemispherx  S.A.  on April  24,  2002.  Esteve is to pay a fee of
1,000,000 Euros after U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approval of Ampligen(R)
for the treatment of ME/CFS and a fee of 1,000,000  Euros upon Spain's  approval
of the final marketing  authorization for using Ampligen(R) for the treatment of
ME/CFS.

      In connection  with the two agreements  entered into with ISI, the Company
is  obligated  to pay  ISI a 6%  royalty  on the  net  sales  of the  Alferon  N
Injection(R) product.

      The Company  has  contractual  agreements  with two of its  officers.  The
aggregate annual base compensation under these contractual  agreements for 2003,
2004 and 2005 was  $637,000,  $662,000 and $701,000  respectively.  In addition,
certain of these officers are entitled to receive  performance  bonuses of up to
25% of the annual base salary (in addition to the bonuses  described  below). In
2003, 2004 and 2005, bonuses of $266,100, 264,800 and $175,300 respectively were
granted.  In 2003,  the Chief  Executive  Officer  of the  Company  was  granted
warrants to purchase  1,450,000  shares of common stock at $2.20 per share.  The
Chief Executive Officer's  employment agreement (see below) provides for bonuses
based on gross  proceeds  received  by the  Company  from any joint  venture  or
corporate  partnering  agreement.  In 2004, the Chief  Executive  Officer of the
Company was granted options to purchase  320,000 shares of common stock at $2.60
per share and $3.44 per share and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company was
granted options to purchase 63,824 shares of common stock at $2.60 and $3.44 per
share. In 2005, the Chief  Executive  Officer of the Company was granted options
to purchase  945,000  shares of common stock at $1.75 to $2.87 per share and the
Chief Financial  Officer of the Company was granted options to purchase  110,000
shares of common stock at $1.75 to $2.61 per share.

                                      F-50
<PAGE>

      On March 11, 2005, the Company's board of directors, at the recommendation
of the  Compensation  Committee,  approved  an amended and  restated  employment
agreement and an amended and restated  engagement  agreement with Dr. William A.
Carter.

      The amended and restated  employment  agreement  provides for Dr. Carter's
employment as the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer
until December 31, 2010 unless sooner  terminated  for cause or disability.  The
agreement automatically renews for successive one year periods after the initial
termination  date unless the Company or Dr. Carter give written notice otherwise
at least ninety days prior to the termination  date or any renewal  period.  Dr.
Carter  has the right to  terminate  the  agreement  on 30 days'  prior  written
notice.  The initial  base salary  retroactive  to January 1, 2005 is  $290,888,
subject to adjustment  based on the average increase or decrease in the Consumer
Price Index for the prior year. In addition,  Dr. Carter could receive an annual
performance bonus of up to 25% of his base salary, at the sole discretion of the
Compensation  Committee of the board of directors,  based on his  performance or
the  Company's  operating  results.  Dr.  Carter  will  not  participate  in any
discussions concerning the determination of his annual bonus. Dr. Carter is also
entitled to an incentive bonus of 0.5% of the gross proceeds received by us from
any joint venture or corporate  partnering  arrangement.  Dr. Carter's agreement
also provides that he be paid a base salary and benefits through the last day of
the then term of the agreement if he is terminated without "cause", as that term
is defined in agreement. In addition,  should Dr. Carter terminate the agreement
or the agreement be  terminated  due to his death or  disability,  the agreement
provides that Dr Carter be paid a base salary and benefits  through the last day
of the month in which the  termination  occurred  and for an  additional  twelve
month period. Pursuant to his original agreement, Dr. Carter was granted options
to purchase  73,728 (post split)  shares in 1991.  The exercise  period of these
options  is  extended  through  December  31,  2010  and,  should  Dr.  Carter's
employment agreement be extended beyond that date, the option exercise period is
further extended to the last day of the extended employment period.

      The amended and restated engagement  agreement,  retroactive to January 1,
2005,  provides  for the  Company's  engagement  of Dr.  Carter as a  consultant
related to patent development, as one of the Company's directors and as chairman
of the Executive  Committee of the Company's  board of directors  until December
31,  2010  unless  sooner  terminated  for cause or  disability.  The  agreement
automatically   renews  for  successive  one  year  periods  after  the  initial
termination  date or any renewal  period.  Dr. Carter has the right to terminate
the  agreement  on 30 days' prior  written  notice.  The initial  base fee as of
January  1,  2004 is  $207,777,  subject  to  annual  adjustments  equal  to the
percentage  increase or  decrease  of annual  dollar  value of  directors'  fees
provided to the  Company's  directors  during the prior year.  The annual fee is
further subject to adjustment  based on the average  increase or decrease in the
Consumer  Price Index for the prior year. In addition,  Dr. Carter could receive
an annual  performance bonus of up to 25% of his base fee, at the sole direction
of  the  Compensation  Committee  of  the  board  of  directors,  based  on  his
performance.  Dr. Carter will not participate in any discussions  concerning the
determination of this annual bonus. Dr. Carter's agreement also provides that he
be paid his base fee through the last day of the then term of the  agreement  if
he is terminated without "cause",  as that term is defined in the agreement.  In
addition,  should  Dr.  Carter  terminate  the  agreement  or the  agreement  be
terminated  due to his death or  disability,  the  agreement  provides  that Dr.
Carter  be paid  fees due him  through  the last day of the  month in which  the
termination occurred and for an additional twelve month period.

                                      F-51
<PAGE>

      On February 14, 2005 the Company  entered into an agreement  with The Sage
Group of Branchburg,  New Jersey for R. Douglas Hulse, an Executive  Director of
The Sage  Group,  to serve as  President  and  Chief  Operating  Officer  of the
Company.  In addition,  other Sage Group principals and Senior Directors will be
made available to assist as needed. The engagement is expected to continue for a
period of 18 months;  however,  it is  terminable  on 30 days written  notice by
either party after 12 months.  Compensation  for the services include a ten year
warrant to purchase  250,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise
price of $1.55. These warrants are to be issued to Sage Healthcare Advisors, LLC
and are to vest at the rate of 12,500 per month of the  engagement  with  25,000
vesting upon  completion of the  eighteenth  month.  Vesting  accelerates in the
event of a merger or a purchase of a majority of the Company's assets or equity.
The Sage Group also is to receive a monthly  retainer  of $10,000 for the period
of the engagement.  In addition, for each calendar year (or part thereof) during
which  the  agreement  is in  effect,  The Sage  Group  will be  entitled  to an
incentive bonus in an amount equal to 0.5% of the gross proceeds  received by us
during such year from any joint ventures or corporate  partnering  arrangements.
After  termination  of the  agreement,  The Sage Group will only be  entitled to
receive the incentive bonus based upon gross proceeds  received by us during the
two year period  commencing on the  termination of the agreement with respect to
any joint  ventures or  corporate  partnering  arrangements  entered  into by us
during the term of the agreement. Mr. Hulse will devote approximately two to two
and one half days per week to the Company's business.

      The Company entered into an engagement  agreement,  retroactive to January
1, 2005, with Ransom W. Etheridge which provides for Mr. Etheridge's  engagement
as  the  Company's  General  Counsel  until  December  31,  2009  unless  sooner
terminated  for cause or  disability.  The  agreement  automatically  renews for
successive  one year  periods  after the  initial  termination  date  unless the
Company or Mr.  Etheridge  give  written  notice  otherwise at least ninety days
prior to the termination date or any renewal period. Mr. Etheridge has the right
to terminate the agreement on 30 days' prior written notice.  The initial annual
fee for services is $96,000 and is annually  subject to adjustment  based on the
average increase or decrease in the Consumer Price Index for the prior year. Mr.
Etheridge's  agreement  also  provides that he be paid all fees through the last
day of then current term of the agreement if he is terminated without "cause" as
that term is  defined  in the  agreement.  In  addition,  should  Mr.  Etheridge
terminate  the  agreement  or the  agreement be  terminated  due to his death or
disability,  the agreement  provides that Mr. Etheridge be paid the fees due him
through the last day of the month in which the  termination  occurred and for an
additional twelve month period.  Mr. Etheridge will devote  approximately 85% of
his business time to the Company's business.

      The Company  entered  into an amended and restated  engagement  agreement,
retroactive  to January 1, 2005,  with Robert E. Peterson which provides for Mr.
Peterson's  engagement as the Company's Chief  Financial  Officer until December
31, 2010 unless sooner terminated for cause or disability.  Mr. Peterson has the
right to terminate the agreement on 30 days' prior written  notice.  The initial
annual fee for services is $202,680 and is annually  subject to increases  based
on the average  increase in the cost of inflation  index for the prior year. Mr.
Peterson  shall  receive an annual bonus in each year that the  Company's  Chief
Executive  Officer is granted a bonus. The bonus shall equal a percentage of Mr.
Peterson's base annual compensation  comparable to the percentage bonus received
by the Chief Executive  Officer.  In addition,  Mr. Peterson shall receive bonus
compensation upon Federal Drug Administration approval of commercial application
of Ampligen(R).  Mr. Peterson's agreement also provides that he be paid all fees
through the last day of then current term of the  agreement if he is  terminated
without  "cause" as that term is defined in the agreement.  In addition,  should
Mr.  Peterson  terminate the agreement or the agreement be terminated due to his
death or disability,  the agreement  provides that Mr. Peterson be paid the fees
due him through the last day of the month in which the termination  occurred and
for an additional  twelve month period.  Mr. Peterson will devote  approximately
85% of his business time to the Company's business.

                                      F-52
<PAGE>

      On March 11, 2005 the Board of Directors, deeming it essential to the best
interests of the Company's  shareholders to foster the continuous  engagement of
key management personnel and recognizing that, as is the case with many publicly
held  corporations,  a change of control might occur and that such  possibility,
and the uncertainty and questions which it might raise among  management,  might
result in the departure or distraction of management  personnel to the detriment
of the Company and the  Company's  shareholders,  determined  to  reinforce  and
encourage  the continued  attention  and  dedication of members of the Company's
management to their  engagement  without  distraction in the face of potentially
disturbing  circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in control of
the Company and entered into identical  agreements  regarding  change in control
with  William  A.  Carter,  the  Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer  and Chief
Scientific  Officer,  Robert E. Peterson,  the Company's Chief Financial Officer
and Ransom W. Etheridge,  the Company's General Counsel.  Each of the agreements
regarding change in control became effective March 11, 2005 and continue through
December  31,  2007 and shall  extend  automatically  to the  third  anniversary
thereof  unless the Company  gave notice to the other party prior to the date of
such extension that the agreement term will not be extended. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if a change in control occurs during the term of the agreements,  the
term of the agreements will continue through the second  anniversary of the date
on which the change in control occurred. Each of the agreements entitles William
A. Carter, Robert E. Peterson and Ransom W. Etheridge,  respectively,  to change
of control  benefits,  as defined in the agreements and summarized  below,  upon
their respective termination of employment/engagement  with the Company during a
potential  change in control,  as defined in the agreements or after a change in
control,  as defined in the agreements,  when their respective  terminations are
caused (1) by us for any reason other than  permanent  disability  or cause,  as
defined in the  agreement (2) by William A. Carter,  Robert E.  Peterson  and/or
Ransom W. Etheridge,  respectively,  for good reason as defined in the agreement
or, (3) by William A. Carter,  Robert E. Peterson  and/or  Ransom W.  Etheridge,
respectively  for any reason  during the 30 day period  commencing  on the first
date which is six months after the date of the change in control.

The benefits for each of the foregoing executives would be as follows:

      o     A lump sum cash  payment of three  times his base  salary and annual
            bonus amounts; and
      o     Outplacement benefits.

Each  agreement  also  provides  that the  executive is entitled to a "gross-up"
payment  to make him whole  for any  federal  excise  tax  imposed  on change of
control or severance  payments  received by him.  Dr.  Carter's  agreement  also
provides for the following benefits:

      o     Continued  insurance  coverage through the third  anniversary of his
            termination; and

                                      F-53
<PAGE>

      o     Retirement  benefits computed as if he had continued to work for the
            above period.

      In order to facilitate the Company's need to obtain financing and prior to
the Company's  shareholders  approving an amendment to the  Company's  corporate
charter to merge the number of  authorized  shares,  Dr.  Carter,  the Company's
Chief Executive Officer,  agreed to waive his right to exercise certain warrants
and options unless and until the Company's  shareholder  approved an increase in
the Company's authorized shares of Common Stock.

      In October 2003,  in  recognition  of this action as well as Dr.  Carter's
prior and on-going efforts relating to product  development  securing critically
needed  financing and the  acquisition of a new product line,  the  Compensation
Committee  determined  that Dr.  Carter be awarded  bonus  compensation  in 2003
consisting  of $196,636 and a grant of 1,450,000  stock  warrants for a value of
$1,769,000 based on Black Scholes  calculations  with an exercise price of $2.20
per share. This additional compensation was reviewed by an independent valuation
firm  and  found  to  be  fair  and  reasonable  within  the  context  of  total
compensation  paid to  chief  executive  officers  of  comparable  biotechnology
companies.  These warrants vested upon the second ISI Asset closing. The Company
expensed the intrinsic value of these warrants upon their vesting.

      The Company has engaged the Sage Group,  Inc., a health  care,  technology
oriented,  strategy and  transaction  advisory firm, to assist us in obtaining a
strategic  alliance  in Japan for the use of  Ampligen(R)  in  treating  Chronic
Fatigue  Syndrome or CFS. R. Douglas  Hulse,  the Company's  President and Chief
Operating Officer, is a member and an executive director of The Sage Group, Inc.
Please see "Employment and Change in Control  Agreements" in Item 11.  Executive
Compensation above for more information.

(14)  Leases

The Company has several  noncancelable  operating  leases for the space in which
its principal offices are located and certain office equipment.

Future  minimum  lease  payments  under  noncancelable  operating  leases are as
follows:

                                                      (000's omitted)
         Year ending                                    Operating
          December 31,                                    leases
         -----------                                   ---------


           2006. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       193
           2007. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        65
                                                      ----------
           Total minimum lease payments. . . . . . . .     $ 258
                                                      ==========

      Rent expense  charged to operations for the years ended December 31, 2003,
2004  and  2005  amounted  to  approximately  $266,000,  $269,000  and  $284,000
respectively. The term of the lease for the Rockville, Maryland facility expired
June 2005. The Company  transferred  this  operational site to the Company's New
Jersey  facility.  The  term of the  lease  for the  Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania
offices is through April,  2007 with an average rent of $15,000 per month,  plus
applicable taxes and charges.

                                      F-54
<PAGE>

(15)  Income Taxes

      As of December  31, 2005,  the Company has  approximately  $81,000,000  of
federal net  operating  loss  carryforwards  (expiring in the years 2006 through
2026) available to offset future federal  taxable  income.  The Company also has
approximately $28,000,000 of state net operating loss carryforwards (expiring in
the years 2006 through 2010)  available to offset  future state taxable  income.
The utilization of certain state net operating loss carryforwards may be subject
to annual limitations.

      Under the Tax Reform Act of 1986, the utilization of a  corporation's  net
operating loss  carryforward  is limited  following a greater than 50% change in
ownership.  Due to the  Company's  prior and current  equity  transactions,  the
Company's  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  may  be  subject  to  an  annual
limitation  generally  determined by multiplying the value of the Company on the
date of the  ownership  change by the federal  long-term  tax exempt  rate.  Any
unused annual  limitation may be carried forward to future years for the balance
of the net operating loss carryforward period.

      Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between  carrying  amounts of assets and  liabilities  for  financial  reporting
purposes and the carrying amounts used for income tax purposes. In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets,  management  considers  whether it is more
likely than not that some  portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized.  The  realization  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  dependent  upon  the
generation  of future  taxable  income  during the  periods  in which  temporary
differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Due to
the uncertainty of the Company's  ability to realize the benefit of the deferred
tax asset, the deferred tax assets are fully offset by a valuation  allowance at
December 31, 2004 and 2005.


      The components of the net deferred tax asset of December 31, 2004 and 2005
consists of the following:

                                                             (000,s omitted)
Deferred tax assets:                                    2004              2005
                                                        ----              ----
Net operating losses                                 $29,863           $27,615
Accrued Expenses and Other                                41              (43)
Capitalized Research and development costs             2,664             1,348
                                                       -----             -----
Total                                                 32,568            28,920
Less: Valuation Allowance                            (32,568)          (28,920)
                                                    --------          --------
Balance                                               $    0               $  0
                                                    ========          ========



(16)  Contingencies

      On September 30, 1998, the Company filed a multi-count  complaint  against
Manuel P. Asensio,  Asensio & Company,  Inc.  ("Asensio").  The action  included
claims of defamation,  disparagement,  tortuous  interference  with existing and
prospective  business  relations and conspiracy,  arising out of Asensio's false
and defamatory  statements.  The complaint  further alleged that Asensio defamed
and  disparaged  the Company in  furtherance  of a  manipulative,  deceptive and
unlawful  short-selling  scheme in August and September,  1998. In 1999, Asensio
filed an answer and  counterclaim  alleging that in response to Asensio's strong
sell  recommendation  and other  press  releases,  the Company  made  defamatory
statements  about Asensio.  The Company  denied the material  allegations of the
counterclaim.  In July 2000,  following  dismissal in federal  court for lack of
subject  matter  jurisdiction,   the  Company  transferred  the  action  to  the
Pennsylvania  State  Court.  In March  2001,  the  defendants  responded  to the
complaints as amended and a trial  commenced on January 30, 2002. A jury verdict
disallowed the claims  against the  defendants for defamation and  disparagement
and the court  granted the Company a directed  verdict on the  counterclaim.  On
July 2, 2002 the Court entered an order granting the Company a new trial against
Asensio for  defamation  and  disparagement.  Thereafter,  Asensio  appealed the
granting of a new trial to the  Superior  Court of  Pennsylvania.  The  Superior
Court of  Pennsylvania  has denied  Asensio's  appeal.  Asensio  petitioned  the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania for allowance of an appeal,  which was denied. The
Company  now  anticipates  the  scheduling  of a new trial  against  Asensio for
defamation and disparagement in the Philadelphia Common Pleas Court.

                                      F-55
<PAGE>

      In June 2002, a former ME/CFS clinical trial patient and her husband filed
a claim in the  Superior  Court of New  Jersey,  Middlesex  County,  against the
Company,  one of its clinical trial  investigators  and others alleging that she
was harmed in the ME/CFS  clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach of
warranties.  On June 25, 2004 all claims against the Company were dismissed with
prejudice.  The former  ME/CFS  clinical  trial patient and her husband have now
appealed  the  dismissal  of their  claims  to the New  Jersey  Superior  Court,
Apellate  Division,  upheld the dismissal of all claims  against the Company and
the matter is now concluded.

      In June 2002, a former  ME/CFS  clinical  trial patient in Belgium filed a
claim in Belgium,  against  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  NV/SA, the Company's
Belgian  subsidiary,  and  one of the  Company's  clinical  trial  investigators
alleging that she was harmed in the Belgium ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of
negligence and breach of warranties.  The Company  believes the claim is without
merit and the Company is  defending  the claim  against the Company  through its
product liability insurance carrier.

      In December  2004,  the Company  filed a  multicount  complaint in federal
court  (Southern  District of Florida)  against a  conspiratorial  group,  which
includes  Bioclones,  seeking to illegally  manipulate its stock for purposes of
bringing about a hostile  takeover of Hemispherx.  The lawsuit  alleges that the
conspiratorial  group  commenced  with a plan to seize  control  of its cash and
proprietary  assets by an illegal  campaign  to drive  down its stock  price and
publish disparaging reports on the Company's management and current fiduciaries.
The lawsuit seeks monetary damages from each member of the conspiratorial  group
as well as injunctions  preventing further recurrences of their misconduct.  The
conspiratorial  group  includes  Bioclones,   a  privately  held  South  African
Biopharmaceutical  company that collaborated with the Company (see Note 13), and
Johannesburg  Consolidated  Investments,  a  South  African  corporation,  Cyril
Donninger,  R. B.  Kebble,  H. C.  Buitendag,  Bart  Goemaere,  and John Doe(s).
Bioclones,  Johannesburg Consolidated Investments, Cyril Donninger, R. B. Kebble
and H.C. Buitendag filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted by
the court.  The Company is in the process of appealing this decision to the 11th
federal circuit court of appeals.

                                      F-56
<PAGE>

      On January 10, 2005,  the Company  initiated a  multicount  lawsuit in the
United States District Court for the Eastern  District of  Pennsylvania  seeking
injunctive  relief and damages against a conspiratorial  group, many of whom are
foreign  nationals or companies  located outside the United States alleging that
the conspiratorial group has engaged in secret meetings,  market  manipulations,
fraudulent  misrepresentations,  utilization  of foreign  accounts  and  foreign
secrecy laws all in furtherance of an illegal scheme to take over Hemispherx and
enrich  themselves  at the  expense  of  Hemispherx's  public  shareholders.  On
February  18, 2005 the Company  filed an amended  complaint  in the same lawsuit
joining Redlabs,  USA, Inc. as a defendant with the existing  defendants  R.E.D.
Laboratories,  N.V./S.A.,  Bart Goemaere,  Jan Goemaere,  Dr. Kenny De Meirleir,
Kenneth Schepmans,  Johan Goossens,  Lieven Vansacker and John Does. Pursuant to
an agreement in which R.E.D.  Laboratories,  N.V./S.A.  and Dr. Kenny DeMeirleir
agreed not to  participate  in a hostile  takeover of Hemispherx for a period of
five years, R.E.D.  Laboratories,  N.V./S.A.  and Dr. Kenny DeMeirleir have been
dismissed as defendants in the litigation.  The litigation is proceeding against
the remaining defendants.

(17)  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

      The  Company  has  employment  agreements  with  certain of its  executive
officers and have granted such  officers and  directors  options and warrants to
purchase its common stock, as discussed in Notes 3(n) and 13.

      Ransom W. Etheridge,  the Company's Secretary,  General Counsel and one of
its directors,  is an attorney in private practice,  who renders corporate legal
services  to us from  time to time,  for  which he has  received  fees  totaling
$96,000 in 2005. In addition, Mr. Etheridge serves on the Board of Directors for
which he received  Director's Fees of cash and stock valued at $100,000 in 2005.
We loaned  $60,000 to Ransom W.  Etheridge in November,  2001 for the purpose of
exercising  15,000 class A redeemable  warrants.  This loan bears interest at 6%
per annum.

      Richard  Piani,  a  Director,  lives in Paris,  France  and  assisted  the
Company's European  subsidiaries in their dealings with medical institutions and
the European  Medical  Evaluation  Authority.  Mr. Piani assisted the Company in
establishing clinical trial protocols as well as performed other scientific work
for the Company.  The services  provided by Mr.  Piani  terminated  in September
2003.  For these  services,  Mr. Piani was paid an aggregate of $100,100 for the
year ended December 31, 2003.

      The Company paid $18,800, and $7,600 for the years ended December 31, 2003
and 2004,  respectively  to Carter  Realty for the rent of property  used by the
Company  at  various  times in years 2003 and 2004.  The  property  was owned by
others,  but was acquired in late 2004 by Retreat House, LLC, an entity in which
the children of William A. Carter have a beneficial  interest.  The Company paid
Retreat House, LLC $54,400 for the use of the property at various times in 2005.

      Antoni Esteve, one of the Company's former directors,  was a Member of the
Executive  Committee and Director of  Scientific  and  Commercial  Operations of
Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve S.A (see Note 9(c)).

      On February 14, 2005 the Company  entered into an agreement  with The Sage
Group of Branchburg,  New Jersey for R. Douglas Hulse, an Executive  Director of
The Sage  Group,  to serve as  President  and  Chief  Operating  Officer  of the
Company.  In addition,  other Sage Group principals and Senior Directors will be
made available to assist as needed. The engagement is expected to continue for a
period of 18 months;  however,  it is  terminable  on 30 days written  notice by
either party after 12 months.  Compensation  for the services include a ten year
warrant to purchase  250,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise
price of $1.55. These warrants were issued to Sage Healthcare Advisors,  LLC and
vest at the rate of 12,500 per month of the engagement  with 25,000 vesting upon
completion of the eighteenth month. Vesting accelerates in the event of a merger
or a purchase of a majority of the  Company's  assets or equity.  The Sage Group
also  is to  receive  a  monthly  retainer  of  $10,000  for the  period  of the
engagement.  In addition,  for each calendar year (or part thereof) during which
the agreement is in effect, Sage Group will be entitled to an incentive bonus in
an amount  equal to 0.5% of the gross  proceeds  received by the Company  during
such year from any joint ventures or corporate  partnering  arrangements.  After
termination  of the  agreement,  Sage Group will only be entitled to receive the
incentive bonus based upon gross proceeds received by the Company during the two
year period  commencing on the  termination of the agreement with respect to any
joint ventures or corporate partnering  arrangements entered into by the Company
during the term of the agreement. Mr. Hulse will devote approximately two to two
and one half days per week to the Company's business see also Note 11).


                                      F-57
<PAGE>

(18)  Concentrations of credit risk

      Financial   instruments,   which   potentially   subject  the  Company  to
concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash, cash equivalents and
investments.   The  Company   places  its  cash  with   high-quality   financial
institutions.  At  times,  such  amount  may be in  excess  of  Federal  Deposit
Insurance Corporation insurance limits of $100,000.

(19)  Quarterly Results of Operation (unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   2004                                 (1)
                                                      (in thousand except per share data)
                                                                 (restated)

                                 First Quarter     Second       Third Quarter    Fourth Quarter
                                                   Quarter                                            Total
                                 ============== ============== ================ ================= ==============

<S>                                       <C>            <C>              <C>              <C>          <C>
Revenues                                  $308           $331             $258             $ 332        $ 1,229

Costs and expenses                       4,409          2,526            2,972             2,211         12,118

Net loss                                (8,104)        (6,068)          (6,542)           (2,684)       (23,398)

                                 -------------- -------------- ---------------- ----------------- --------------
Basic and diluted
   loss per share                        $(.20)         $(.14)           $(.14)            $(.05)         $(.52)
                                 ============== ============== ================ ================= ==============
</TABLE>


(1) During the first quarter 2004, the Company  recorded stock  compensation  of
$1,769,000  and  during the third  quarter  2004,  the  Company  recorded  stock
compensation of $231,000.


                                      F-58
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       2005
                                                       (in thousand except per share data)

                                      First         Second      Third Quarter    Fourth Quarter
                                     Quarter        Quarter                                           Total
                                   ============= ============== =============== ================= ==============

<S>                                        <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>          <C>
Revenues                                   $258           $300            $271             $ 254        $ 1,083

Costs and expenses                        2,348          2,670           2,386             3,318         10,722

Net loss                                 (3,070)        (3,831)         (2,900)           (3,412)       (13,213)

                                   ------------- -------------- --------------- ----------------- --------------
Basic and diluted
   loss per share                         $(.07)         $(.08)          $(.06)            $(.06)         $(.26)
                                   ============= ============== =============== ================= ==============

</TABLE>



(20)  Subsequent Events

On February 8, 2006, the Company  executed a Manufacturing  and Safety Agreement
with  Hyaluron,  Inc.  ("Hyaluron")  of  Burlington,   Massachusetts,   for  the
formulation,  packaging and labeling of Alferon N Injection(R).  Pursuant to the
Agreement,  the Company  will supply raw  materials in  sufficient  quantity and
provide any pertinent information to the project.

On March 21, 2006,  the debenture  holders  converted  $500,000 of the July 2004
debenture into 240,385 shares of common stock.

As of March 24, 2006 the Company has issued an additional 4,204,253 shares for
proceeds of $10,210,006 pursuant to the terms of the August 6, 2005 Fusion
Capital agreement.

                                      F-59

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
