<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>r10k_2008.txt
<TEXT>
                                    FORM 10-K
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
            [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008
                                       OR
          [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
               For the transition period from ________ to ________
                           Commission File No. 1-13441

                           HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                              Delaware 52-0845822 _
         (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification
                     incorporation or organization) Number)

              1617 JFK Boulevard Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103 _
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (215) 988-0080

                    Securities registered pursuant to Section
                               12(b) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $.001 par value

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
            (Title of Each Class)
                      NONE

Indicate by check mark if the  registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,  as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ( ) No (X)

Indicate  by  check  mark if the  registrant  is not  required  to file  reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ( ) No (X)

Indicate by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  and Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes (X) No ( )

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. ( )

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large  accelerated  filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated  filer or a smaller reporting company.  See
definition  of "large  accelerated  filer,"  "accelerated  filer"  and  "smaller
reporting  company" in Rule 12b-2 of the  Exchange  Act.  (Check one): ( ) Large
accelerated  filer(X)  Accelerated filer ( )  Non-accelerated  filer ( ) Smaller
Reporting Company ( )


Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ( ) No (X)

The aggregate  market value of Common Stock held by  non-affiliates  at June 30,
2008, the last business day of the registrant's  most recently  completed second
fiscal quarter was $59,326,916.

The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of March 3,
2009 was 80,881,135.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None.


<PAGE>



                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                     Page
PART I

Item 1. Business                                                         1

Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                   14

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                                      26

Item 2. Properties                                                      26

Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                               26

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders             27

PART II

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
             Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities          27

Item 6. Selected Financial Data                                         31

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
             Condition and Results of Operations                        32

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
              Market Risk                                               46

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                     46

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on
             Accounting and Financial Disclosure                        46

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                        46

Item 9B. Other Information                                              47

PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance      50

Item 11. Executive Compensation                                         54

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
              and Management and Related Stockholder Matters            74

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
              and Director Independence                                 77

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                         78

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                     79



<PAGE>   1





                SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         Certain  statements  in this  Annual  Report on Form  10-K  (the  "Form
10-K"),  including statements under "Item 1. Business," "Item 1A. Risk Factors,"
"Item 3. Legal Proceedings" and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial  Condition  and  Result of  Operations,"  constitute  "forward-looking
statements"  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities  Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities  Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended,  and the Private  Securities  Litigation Reform Act of 1995
(collectively,  the "Reform Act").  Certain,  but not  necessarily  all, of such
forward-looking  statements  can be  identified  by the  use of  forward-looking
terminology  such  as  "believes,"   "expects,"   "may,"  "will,"  "should,"  or
"anticipates" or the negative thereof or other variations  thereon or comparable
terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties.
All statements  other than  statements of historical  fact included in this Form
10-K regarding our financial position, business strategy and plans or objectives
for future  operations  are  forward-looking  statements.  Without  limiting the
broader  description of  forward-looking  statements above, we specifically note
that statements  regarding potential drugs, their potential  therapeutic effect,
the possibility of obtaining regulatory approval, our ability to manufacture and
sell any products,  market acceptance or our ability to earn a profit from sales
or licenses of any drugs or our ability to discover  new drugs in the future are
all forward-looking in nature.

         Such  forward-looking  statements  involve  known  and  unknown  risks,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results,  performance
or   achievements   of   Hemispherx   Biopharma,   Inc.  and  its   subsidiaries
(collectively,  "Hemispherx",  "we or "us") to be materially  different from any
future  results,  performance  or  achievements  expressed  or  implied  by such
forward-looking statements and other factors referenced in this Form 10-K. We do
not undertake and  specifically  decline any obligation to publicly  release the
results of any revisions which may be made to any  forward-looking  statement to
reflect events or circumstances  after the date of such statements or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.

                                     PART I
ITEM 1.  Business.
GENERAL

         We are a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the clinical development,
manufacture,  marketing and  distribution of new drug therapies based on natural
immune system enhancing technologies for the treatment of viral and immune based
chronic  disorders.  The Company  was founded in the early 1970s doing  contract
research  for the  National  Institutes  of Health.  Since  that  time,  we have
established a strong foundation of laboratory,  pre-clinical,  and clinical data
with  respect  to the  development  of  nucleic  acids to  enhance  the  natural
antiviral  defense  system  of the  human  body  and to aid the  development  of
therapeutic  products for the  treatment of certain  chronic  diseases.  We have
three domestic  subsidiaries  BioPro Corp.,  BioAegean  Corp.,  and Core BioTech
Corp., all of which are incorporated in Delaware and are dormant.  The Company's
foreign  subsidiary is Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe  N.V./S.A.  established  in
Belgium in 1998, which has limited or no activity. All significant  intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

         Our current  strategic  focus is derived from four  applications of our
two  core  pharmaceutical   technology  platforms   Ampligen(R)  and  Alferon  N
<PAGE>  2
Injection(R).  The commercial  focus for Ampligen(R)  includes  application as a
treatment  for  Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  (CFS)  and  as  a  vaccine  enhancer
(adjuvant) for both therapeutic and preventative vaccine development.  Alferon N
Injection(R)  is an FDA approved  product with an indication  for  refractory or
recurring  genital  warts.  Alferon(R)  LDO (Low  Dose  Oral) is an  application
currently under early stage development  targeting  influenza and viral diseases
both as an adjuvant as well as a single entity anti-viral.

         Ampligen(R)  is an  experimental  drug  currently  undergoing  clinical
development  for the  treatment of CFS. In August 2004, we completed a Phase III
clinical trial ("AMP 516") treating over 230 CFS patients with  Ampligen(R)  and
are presently in the  registration  process for a new drug  application  ("NDA")
with the Food and Drug Administration  ("FDA"). Over its developmental  history,
Ampligen(R) has received  various  designations,  including  Orphan Drug Product
Designation (FDA),  Emergency  (compassionate) Cost Recovery Sales Authorization
(FDA) and "promising"  clinical outcome  recognition  based on the evaluation of
certain  summary  clinical  reports  (AHRQ,  Agency  Health  Research  Quality).
Ampligen  represents the first drug in the class of RNA (nucleic acid) molecules
to apply for NDA review.

         On July 7, 2008, the FDA accepted for review our NDA for Ampligen(R) to
treat CFS,  originally  submitted  in October  2007.  We are  seeking  marketing
approval for the  first-ever  treatment  for CFS. At present,  only  supportive,
symptom-based care is available for CFS patients. The NDA for Ampligen(R), whose
chemical  designation is poly I : poly C12U, is also the first ever accepted for
review by the FDA for systemic use of a toll-like  receptor therapy to treat any
condition. On February 18, 2009, we were notified by the FDA that the originally
scheduled Prescription Drug User Fee Act ("PDUFA") date of February 25, 2009 has
been extended to May 25, 2009. For more information on our NDA, please see "Item
7.  Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of
Operations;  Results of Operations; Year ended December 31, 2007 versus December
31, 2008; Research and Development Costs" and "Note 19: Subsequent Events" under
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

         The  Status  of our  initiative  for  Ampligen(R)  as an  adjuvant  for
preventative  vaccine development  includes the pre-clinical studies in seasonal
and pandemic influenza for intranasal  administration being conducted by Japan's
National  Institute  for  Infectious  Diseases.  A three year program  targeting
regulatory  approval  for pandemic flu and seasonal flu in Japan has been funded
by the  Japanese  Ministry  of Health.  Parties to the  research  grant  include
Hemispherx, the NIID and BIKEN (operational arm of the non-profit Foundation for
Microbial  Disease of Osaka  University).  Our agreement with BIKEN is part of a
three party  agreement to develop an effective  influenza  vaccine for Japan and
utilizes the resources of the National Institute of Infectious Disease of Japan.
We intend to conduct  human studies in the US and Australia to seek approval for
seasonal  and  pandemic   indications  in  the  US  and  Europe  for  intranasal
administration.  A phase II study for intramuscular  administration for seasonal
flu was conducted in Australia  through St. Vincent's  Hospital  Clinical Trials
Centre.  The clinical data from this trial is currently  being  analyzed and the
results are expected by mid-2009.

         Based on the results of published,  peer reviewed  pre-clinical studies
and  clinical  trials,  we  believe  that  Ampligen(R)  may have  broad-spectrum
anti-viral and anti-cancer properties.  Over 1,000 patients have participated in
the Ampligen(R)  clinical trials  representing the  administration  of more than
90,000 doses of this drug.

         Alferon N Injection(R)  is the registered  trademark for our injectable
formulation  of natural alpha  interferon,  which is approved by the FDA for the
<PAGE>  3
treatment  of  genital  warts.  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  is  also  in  clinical
development for treating West Nile Virus.

         Commercial sales of Alferon N Injection(R) were halted in April 2008 as
the current  expiration  date of our finished goods  inventory  expired in March
2008.  The FDA has  declined to respond to our  requests for an extension of the
expiration  date,  therefore  we consider  the  request to be denied.  Since our
testing of the product  indicates  that it is not  impaired  and could be safely
utilized, the finished goods inventory of 2,745 Alferon N Injection(R) 5ml vials
may be used to produce approximately 11,000,000 sachets of Low Dose Oral Alferon
(LDO) for future clinical trials.

         Production  of  Alferon  N  injection(R)   from  our   work-in-progress
inventory,  which has an  approximate  expiration  date of 2012, has been put on
hold at this time due to the  resources  needed  to  prepare  our New  Brunswick
facility for the FDA preapproval inspection with respect to our Ampligen(R) NDA.
Work on the Alferon N  Injection(R)  is expected to resume in mid-2009 under the
condition  that adequate  funding is obtained,  which means that we may not have
any Alferon N Injection(R) product commercially available until 2010.

         We own and  operate a 43,000  sq.  ft.  FDA  approved  facility  in New
Brunswick, NJ primarily designed to produce Alferon N Injection(R).  In 2006, we
completed the installation of a polymer  production line to produce  Ampligen(R)
raw materials on a more reliable and consistent basis.

         We  outsource  certain  components  of our  research  and  development,
manufacturing,  marketing and distribution  while  maintaining  control over the
entire process through our quality  assurance group and our clinical  monitoring
group.

         Our principal  executive  offices are located at One Penn Center,  1617
JFK Boulevard,  Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania  19103,  and our telephone number is
215-988-0080.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

         We file our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
and  current  reports  on Form 8-K  pursuant  to  Section  13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 electronically with the Securities and Exchange
Commission,  or SEC. The public may read or copy any  materials we file with the
SEC at the SEC's  Public  Reference  Room at 100 F Street,  NE,  Washington,  DC
20549.  The  public  may  obtain  information  on the  operation  of the  Public
Reference  Room by  calling  the SEC at  1-800-SEC-0330.  The SEC  maintains  an
Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address
of that site is http://www.sec.gov.

         You  may  obtain  a free  copy of our  annual  reports  on  Form  10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to
those reports on the day of filing with the SEC on our website on the World Wide
Web  at  http://www.hemispherx.net  or  by  contacting  the  Investor  Relations
Department  by  calling  (518)   398-6222  or  sending  an  e-mail   message  to
dwill@willstar.net.

<PAGE>  4


OUR PRODUCTS

         Our primary products consist of our experimental compound, Ampligen(R),
our  FDA  approved  natural  interferon  product,  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  and
Alferon(R) LDO (low dose oral) our  experimental  liquid natural  interferon for
oral administration.

         Ampligen(R)

         Nucleic   acid   compounds   represent   a   potential   new  class  of
pharmaceutical  products  that are  designed to act at the  molecular  level for
treatment of human diseases.  There are two forms of nucleic acids, DNA and RNA.
DNA is a group of naturally occurring molecules found in chromosomes, the cell's
genetic machinery. RNA is a group of naturally occurring informational molecules
which  orchestrate  a cell's  behavior  which  regulates the action of groups of
cells,  including  the cells which  compromise  the body's  immune  system.  RNA
directs the  production  of  proteins  and  regulates  certain  cell  activities
including  the  activation  of an otherwise  dormant  cellular  defense  against
viruses and tumors. Our drug technology  utilizes  specifically-configured  RNA.
Our double-stranded RNA drug product,  trademarked Ampligen(R), an experimental,
unapproved  drug,  which is  administered  intravenously,  is in human  clinical
development for various  therapeutically  oriented studies,  including treatment
for Myalgic Encephalomyelitis / Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ("ME/CFS"),  HIV, renal
cell carcinoma and malignant melanoma.

         Clinical trials already conducted by us include Ampligen(R)  treatments
of ME/CFS,  Hepatitis B, HIV and cancer  patients with renal cell  carcinoma and
malignant melanoma.  Certain of these will require additional clinical trials to
support regulatory approval.

         The FDA has approved the use of  Ampligen(R)  in treating  ME/CFS on an
emergency basis (i.e. those with immediate life threatening illnesses).  This is
known as a treatment IND, or Treatment  Investigational  New Drug.  Furthermore,
the FDA has granted  Hemispherx Orphan Drug Status in the United States.  Orphan
drugs get seven years of market exclusivity upon FDA approval.

         Alferon N Injection(R)

         Interferons  are a group of proteins  produced and secreted by cells to
combat  diseases.  Researchers  have  identified  four  major  classes  of human
interferon:  alpha,  beta, gamma and omega.  The Alferon N Injection(R)  product
contains a  multi-species  form of alpha  interferon.  The worldwide  market for
injectable  alpha  interferon-based  products has  experienced  rapid growth and
various alpha interferon injectable products are approved for many major medical
uses worldwide.  Alpha interferons are manufactured  commercially in three ways:
by genetic  engineering,  by cell culture, and from human white blood cells. All
three of these types of alpha  interferon  are or were  approved for  commercial
sale in the U.S. Our natural alpha interferon is produced from human white blood
cells.

         The potential  advantages of natural alpha  interferon over recombinant
(synthetic)  interferon produced and marketed by other  pharmaceutical firms may
be based upon their respective molecular compositions.  Natural alpha interferon
is  composed  of a family of  proteins  containing  many  molecular  species  of
interferon.  In contrast,  commercial  recombinant alpha interferon each contain
<PAGE>  5
only a single  species.  Researchers  have reported that the various  species of
interferons  may have differing  antiviral  activity  depending upon the type of
virus. Natural alpha interferon presents a broad complement of species, which we
believe may account for its higher activity in laboratory studies. Natural alpha
interferon is also glycosylated  (partially covered with sugar molecules).  Such
glycosylation is not present on the currently U.S.  marketed  recombinant  alpha
interferons.  We  believe  that the  absence of  glycosylation  may be, in part,
responsible  for the production of  interferon-neutralizing  antibodies  seen in
patients   treated   with   recombinant   alpha   interferon.    Although   cell
culture-derived  interferon  is also  composed  of multiple  glycosylated  alpha
interferon  species,  the types  and  relative  quantity  of these  species  are
different from our natural alpha interferon.

         The FDA approved  Alferon N Injection(R) in 1989 for the  intralesional
(within  lesions)  treatment of  refractory  (resistant  to other  treatment) or
recurring  external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older.  Certain
types  of  human  papillomaviruses  ("HPV")  cause  genital  warts,  a  sexually
transmitted  disease ("STD").  A published  report estimates that  approximately
eight  million new and recurrent  causes of genital warts occur  annually in the
United States alone.

         Alferon N Injection(R)  [Interferon alfa-n3] (human leukocyte derived)]
is  a  highly  purified,  natural-source,   glycosylated,   multi-species  alpha
interferon product. There are essentially no antibodies observed against natural
interferon  to date and the product has a relatively  low  side-effect  profile.
Alferon(R) is the only natural-source,  multi-species alpha interferon currently
sold in the U.S.

         The recombinant  DNA derived alpha  interferon are now reported to have
decreased  effectiveness  after one year, probably due to antibody formation and
other severe toxicities.  These detrimental  effects have not been reported with
the use of Alferon N  Injection(R)  which could  allow this  product to assume a
much larger market share.

It is our belief that the use of Alferon(R) N in  combination  with  Ampligen(R)
has the potential to increase the positive therapeutic responses in chronic life
threatening  viral diseases.  We have suspended certain  preclinical  trials for
various viral disorders at this time due to funding considerations and increased
resource requirements of other projects.

         Alferon(R) Low Dose Oral (LDO)

         Alferon(R) LDO is an experimental low-dose,  oral liquid formulation of
Natural  Alpha  Interferon  and like  Alferon N  Injection(R)  should  not cause
antibody  formation,  which is a problem with recombinant  interferon.  It is an
experimental immunotherapeutic believed to work by stimulating an immune cascade
response in the cells of the mouth and throat,  enabling it to bolster  systemic
immune response  through the entire body by absorption  through the oral mucosa.
Oral  interferon  would be much more  economically  feasible  for  patients  and
logistically   manageable  in  development  programs  in  third-world  countries
primarily  affected by HIV and other emerging  viruses (SARS,  Ebola,  bird flu,
etc.).  Oral  administration  of  Alferon(R)  N,  with  its  affordability,  low
toxicity,  no  production  of  antibodies,  and  broad  range of  potential  bio
activity, could be a breakthrough treatment for viral diseases.

         We have  conducted  clinical  trials  as part of an  evaluation  of the
experimental  bio-therapeutic  Alferon(R) LDO (Low Dose Oral Interferon  Alfa-n3
(Human Leukocyte Derived)) as a potential new experimental therapy for Avian Flu
and other lethal  viral  diseases,  which have high acute death rates.  Clinical
trials  in human  volunteers  (conducted  in both the US at  Drexel  University,
<PAGE>  6
Philadelphia and in Hong Kong at the Princess  Margaret  Hospital) were designed
to determine  whether  Alferon(R) N, delivered in a new,  experimental oral drug
delivery   format,   can   resuscitate   the   broad-spectrum    antiviral   and
immunostimulatory  genes.  These human genes are shut down by acute lethal viral
infections  such as HIV,  avian flu and smallpox.  The results of this study are
being evaluated.

         Oragens

         We acquired a series of patents on Oragens,  potentially  a set of oral
broad  spectrum  antivirals  and  immunological  enhancers,  through a licensing
agreement  with  Temple  University  in  Philadelphia,  PA. We were  granted  an
exclusive  worldwide  license  from  Temple  for  the  Oragens  products.  These
compounds have been evaluated in various  academic  laboratories for application
to chronic viral and immunological disorders.

         The 2', 5' oligoadenylate synthetase/RNase L system is an important and
widely  distributed  pathway for the inhibition of viral  replication  and tumor
growth. The 2', 5' oligoadenylate  synthetase,  up activation by double-stranded
RNA,  synthesizes 2', 5' oligoadenylates  (2-5A) from ATP. These bioactive 2-5As
directly  activate  RNase L, which degrades viral and cellular RNAs resulting in
the inhibition of protein synthesis.

         The  bioactive  2-5A  molecules  can be degraded by various  hydrolytic
enzymes,  resulting in a short half life.  Analogues of these  bioactive  2-5As,
termed  Oragen RNA  compounds,  have been  produced  to increase  stability  and
maintain  or  increase  biological  activity  without   demonstrable   toxicity.
Additional  pre-clinical  tests  will  need to be  conducted  prior to  pursuing
clinical trials.

PATENTS

         We have over 50 patents  worldwide  with  approximately  30  additional
pending patent  applications  pending comprising our intellectual  property.  In
2006,  we obtained the global  patent  rights for a compound  that  enhances DNA
vaccination by the efficient  intracellular  delivery of immunogenic  DNA (i.e.-
DNA that can produce  antigenic  proteins that simulate an acute viral infection
with a resultant humoral and cell-mediated immune response). Please see "Note 5:
Patents,  Trademark  Rights and Other  Intangibles"  under Notes To Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information on these patents.

         We continually review our patents rights to determine whether they have
continuing  value.  Such review  includes an analysis of the  patent's  ultimate
revenue and profitability potential. In addition,  management's review addresses
whether  each patent  continues  to fit into our  strategic  business  plans for
Ampligen(R), Alferon(R) N and other intellectual property.

         Our experimental  compounds,  which have yet to be determined "safe and
effective" by regulatory authorities,  are accordingly only available legally in
certain  authorized trials and tests; in vitro (outside the body) tests are also
not necessarily  indicative of any evidence of clinical  benefits or advantages.
But the current focus of Hemispherx is on Ampligen(R) as a treatment for ME/CFS.

         The main U.S. ME/CFS  treatment patent  (#6130206)  expires October 10,
2017. Our main patents covering HIV treatment (#4820696, #5063209, and #5091374)
expired  on  April  11,  2006,   November  5,  2008,   and  February  25,  2009,
respectively;  Hepatitis  treatment coverage is conveyed by U.S. patent #5593973
which expires on January 14, 2014. The U.S. Ampligen(R)  Trademark  (#1,515,099)
<PAGE>  7
expired on December 6, 2008 and we are in the renewal  process for an additional
10 years of patent  protection.  The FDA has granted us "orphan drug status" for
our  nucleic  acid-derived  therapeutics  for ME/CFS,  HIV/AIDS,  and renal cell
carcinoma  and  malignant  melanoma.  Orphan  drug status  grants us  protection
against competition for a period of seven years following FDA approval,  as well
as certain federal tax incentives,  and other regulatory benefits.  The HIV/AIDS
indication will be covered under the marketing protection provided by the orphan
drug designation for using Ampligen(R) to treat HIV/AIDS.

         The U.S.  Alferon(R)  Patents expire  February 10, 2012  (5,503,828 and
5,676,942) and December 22, 2017 (5,989,441).

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ("R&D")

         Our focus is on developing  drugs for use in treating  viral and immune
based chronic  disorders  and diseases  such as ME/CFS,  HIV, HPV, SARS and West
Nile Virus. Due to limited capital resources,  our current R&D projects are only
targeting  treatment  therapies  for  ME/CFS  and other  viral  diseases,  i.e.;
Avian/Seasonal Influenza.

         Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ("ME/CFS")

         Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  ("CFS"),   also  known  as  Chronic  Immune
Dysfunction  Syndrome  ("CFIDS")  and,  myalgic  encephalomyelitis  ("ME")  is a
serious and debilitating chronic illness and a major public health problem. Long
misunderstood,  under-recognized, and under-diagnosed,  ME/CFS is now recognized
by both the government and private sector as a major health  problem,  including
the  National  Institutes  of Health,  U.S.  Centers  for  Disease  Control  and
Prevention ("CDC"), FDA and Social Security Administration, recognizes ME/CFS as
one of the most common chronic illnesses of our time. The CDC listed ME/CFS as a
priority disease, causing severe health and financial problems for the patients,
their  family,  and the  community.  ME/CFS is  endemic in the  population,  but
occasionally  seen in clusters  suggesting  an  infectious  basis.  A variety of
immunological,  endocrine, autonomic nervous system, and metabolic abnormalities
have been documented.

         CDC Director Dr. Julie  Gerberding  has stated that "The CDC  considers
Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome to be a significant  public health concern and we are
committed to research that will lead to earlier  diagnosis and better  treatment
of the  illness."  A variety of  studies  by the CDC and others  have shown that
between 1 and 4 million  Americans suffer from CFS. While those with the disease
are  seriously  impaired and at least a quarter are  unemployed or on disability
because of CFS, only about half have  consulted a physician  for their  illness.
Equally  important,  about 40% of people in the  general  population  who report
symptoms of ME/CFS have a serious, treatable, previously unrecognized medical or
psychiatric  condition (such as diabetes,  thyroid  disease,  substance  abuse).
ME/CFS is a serious illness and poses a dilemma for patients, their families and
health care providers.

         The CDC has launched a national public education and awareness campaign
on CFS.  The  campaign,  called  "Get  Informed.  Get  Diagnosed.  Get Help." is
designed  to  increase  awareness  among  clinicians  and the public  because 80
percent of Americans  afflicted  with CFS illness may not know they have it. The
campaign provides the latest  information  regarding the diagnosis and treatment
of CFS along with  national  print and broadcast  advertising  designed to raise
awareness of the disease among patients and clinicians.  A CDC sponsored website
<PAGE>  8
at www.cdc.gov/cfs  provides easy to understand,  downloadable educational tools
for patients, their families and health care professionals.

         While  ME/CFS  strikes  people  of  all  age,   racial,   ethnic,   and
socioeconomic  groups,  it is most prevalent  amongst women.  Research has shown
that ME/CFS is about  three  times as common in women as men, a rate  similar to
that of many autoimmune  diseases,  such as multiple sclerosis and lupus. To put
this into perspective,  ME/CFS is over four times more common than HIV infection
in women, and the rate of ME/CFS in women is considerably  higher than a woman's
lifetime  risk of getting lung cancer as published by the CFIDS  Association  of
America.

         Many  severe  ME/CFS  patients  become  completely  disabled or totally
bedridden and are afflicted with severe pain and mental  confusion even at rest.
ME/CFS is characterized by incapacitating  fatigue with profound  exhaustion and
extremely poor stamina,  sleep  difficulties and problems with concentration and
short-term  memory.  It is also  accompanied by flu-like  symptoms,  pain in the
joints and  muscles,  tender  lymph  nodes,  sore  throat and new  headaches.  A
distinctive  characteristic of the illness is a worsening of symptoms  following
physical or mental exertion which do not subside with rest.

         Because  no cause for  ME/CFS has been  identified,  current  treatment
programs  are  directed  at  relieving  symptoms,  with the goal of the  patient
regaining  some  level of  function  and  well-being.  Diagnosis  of ME/CFS is a
time-consuming and challenging  process for which there is no diagnostic test or
biomarker to clearly identify the disorder. Diagnosis is primarily arrived at by
taking a patient's medical history,  completing a physical exam and lab tests to
rule out other  conditions  excluding other illnesses with similar  symptoms and
comparing a patient's  symptoms with the case definition.  Overlapping  symptoms
can occur with several  diseases,  such as fibromyalgia,  Gulf War Illnesses and
multiple chemical  sensitivities.  Many diseases have similar symptoms including
Lupus and Lyme  disease  which may  closely  mimic  ME/CFS  that they need to be
considered  when making a  diagnosis  to rule them out. If there are no abnormal
test  results  or  other  physical  ailments  identified,   clinicians  can  use
standardized  tests to  quantify  the level of fatigue  and  evaluate  symptoms.
Diagnosis can be  complicated  by the fact that the symptoms and severity of CFS
vary considerably from patient to patient.

         The case definition for ME/CFS  criteria calls for certain  symptoms to
be present along with fatigue that interferes with physical, mental, social, and
educational activities. Both the fatigue and symptoms must have occurred for (at
least) a six month period.  People with ME/CFS may experience many more than the
symptoms named in the case  definition,  so  knowledgeable  physicians will take
this fact into  consideration  when making a  diagnosis  (after  other  possible
reasons for symptoms have been ruled out).

         The  leading  model of ME/CFS  pathogenesis  is thought to be rooted in
abnormalities in the immune system and brain (central  nervous system),  both of
which  affects  and alters the  function  of the  other.  Because  some cases of
chronic  fatigue  begin with a flu-like  infection,  several  viruses  have been
studied as  possible  causes  because all are  relatively  common in the general
population,   including  Human  Herpesvirus   ("HHV")  6  and  7,  Retroviruses,
Epstein-Barr Virus,  Enteroviruses,  as well as,  Mycoplasmas,  etc. Whilst, the
etiology is likely to be caused by a  collection  of factors,  including  viral,
hormonal,   stress,   and  other  triggers  for  the  illness  in   genetically,
environmentally  or  otherwise  susceptible  individuals  and  continues to be a
subject of discussion.
<PAGE>  9
         Most ME/CFS  patients  are  treated  symptomatically  with  traditional
treatments  geared toward  treating  symptoms of the disease,  such as improving
quality of sleep,  reducing  pain and  treatment of  depression.  Clinically,  a
number  of  different  therapeutic  approaches  have been  pursued,  but with no
significant clinical success.

         Other Viral Diseases

         We are actively engaged in broad-based  experimental  studies assessing
the efficacy of our products, Ampligen(R), Alferon N Injection(R) and Alferon(R)
LDO against  influenza viruses as an adjuvant and/or single agent antiviral with
the National  Institute of Infectious  Disease in Tokyo, St. Vincent's  Hospital
Clinical  Trial  Centre in  Australia  and various  research  affiliates  of the
National Institutes of Health in the United States.

         In September 2007,  Japan's  National  Institute of Infectious  Disease
("JNIID") initiated research on the  co-administration  of JNIID's HIV-1 vaccine
with  our  experimental  TLR3  agonist,  Ampligen(R).   Activation  of  TLR3  by
Ampligen(R)  triggers a host defense  innate immune  response in the cell.  This
research  is the result of  earlier  studies  suggesting  a  potential  role for
Ampligen(R) in boosting  responses to certain vaccines  designed to combat avian
influenza  (Bird Flu) as well as seasonal  influenza  viruses.  The objective of
this research is to determine if Ampligen(R) can overcome the historical problem
which has  handicapped  HIV/AIDS  vaccine  development,  namely  marginal immune
response which undermines the potential of long-lasting protection.  Ampligen(R)
will be combined  with  HIV/AIDS  recombinant  protein and  administered  via an
intranasal route.

         In 2007 JNIID published in two peer reviewed  journals,  the results of
their studies to evaluate the ability of current seasonal  influenza  vaccine to
confer  cross-protection  against highly  pathogenic  H5N1 influenza  (Bird Flu)
virus  in  mice.   These  studies   indicate   that,   as  a  vaccine   enhancer
co-administered  with their seasonal trivalent  influenza  vaccine,  Ampligen(R)
helps  induce a  protective  effect  against H5N1  influenza  viruses.  As such,
Ampligen(R) as a toll-like receptor 3 agonist may aid in overcoming the problems
protecting  against mutated strains of the H5N1 virus and of limited supplies of
H5N1 virus  vaccines.  Additional  studies to support this  conclusion are being
planned.

         In April 2007,  Japan's  Ministry of Health,  Labor and Welfare  (MHLW)
issued  authorization to its National Institute of Infectious Diseases approving
their  budget to  advance  studies  indicating  that an H5N1  influenza  vaccine
co-administered   intranasally  with  Hemispherx's   experimental   therapeutic,
Ampligen(R),  protected  against mutated strains of the virus and, further that,
the seasonal  trivalent  influenza  vaccine  co-administered  intranasally  with
Ampligen(R)  maintained  efficacy even when  challenged  with the H5N1 influenza
virus.

         In June  2007,  we  initiated  a  clinical  trial  in  Australia  using
Ampligen(R)  in combination  with seasonal flu vaccine.  This  open-label  study
(Phase  IIa)  utilizing   Ampligen(R)   (Poly  I:  Poly  C12U)  as  a  potential
immune-enhancer was conducted in Australia with thirty-eight  subjects age 60 or
greater with the standard trivalent seasonal influenza vaccines. Ampligen(R) was
administered  subcutaneously.  Elderly  subjects  typically  have reduced immune
responses  relative to younger  populations.  The  combinational  treatment  was
generally  well-tolerated.  Serologic  studies to  evaluate  the  magnitude  and
spectrum of immune  response are pending and are expected by mid-2009;  however,
only certain labs are  qualified to conduct these tests and during the course of
<PAGE> 10
the clinical testing, one of these testing labs changed ownership. We are in the
process of determining  that the methodology  remained  validated and consistent
with the pilot  results  obtained  about a year  earlier  with a  smaller  group
consisting of the first 8 enrolled subjects.

         The CDC  reports  that in 2007 the number of  mosquito-borne  West Nile
Virus  ("WNV")  infections  in the United States were "up sharply" over the same
period in 2006. This increased  infection rate has accelerated the enrollment of
patients  in the  Phase  IIb  clinical  trial  using  Alferon(R)  N to treat WNV
patients.   In  lab  studies,   Alferon(R)  N,  a  natural   cocktail  of  eight
alpha-interferons,  shows  synergistic  effects (up to 100 fold over recombinant
interferons)  against  pathogens  such as WNV. The Phase IIb clinical trial is a
double-blinded,  randomized, multi-center program under the direction of Cornell
University and Weill Cornell Medical College/New York Hospital.

         Our  direct  Research  and  Development  cost was  $5,800,000  in 2008,
$10,444,000 in 2007 and $10,127,000 in 2006. Most of these  expenditures  relate
to the development of our experimental drug, Ampligen(R).  The costs in 2006 and
2007 reflect the costs of producing  Ampligen(R)  raw materials  (polymers)  and
Ampligen(R)  doses for use in stability and  validation  testing,  including the
costs of preparing the NDA for filing with the FDA.

MANUFACTURING

         We  have a  Supply  Agreement  with  Hollister-Stier  Laboratories  LLC
("Hollister-Stier")  of  Spokane,  Washington  related  to  the  manufacture  of
Ampligen(R) for a five year term ending in 2010.  Pursuant to the agreement,  we
supply  the  key  raw  materials  and  Hollister-Stier  formulates  and  bottles
Ampligen(R).  Hollister-Stier has completed five (5) pilot manufacturing runs of
Ampligen(R) for stability  testing with one additional  manufacturing  run which
was  completed  mid-March  2007.  The first three pilot runs were  completed  in
January 2006 utilizing polymer/raw material from Ribotech (our previous supplier
of raw  material).  A six month  accelerated  stability data on these three lots
support a two year  expiration  period to 2011.  Having  successfully  completed
these  manufacturing  runs,  the  scale  up  of  Ampligen(R)   manufacturing  to
commercial batch size and the validation of the manufacturing at Hollister-Stier
was initiated.  We are currently  using these three process  validation  lots in
stability studies to monitor and confirm the product quality and stability.

         Alferon N Injection(R),  the purified drug concentrate  utilized in the
formulation of Alferon N  Injection(R),  was  manufactured in our New Brunswick,
New Jersey  facility and was  formulated  and packaged at a production  facility
formerly  owned and operated by Abbott  Laboratories  located in Kansas.  Abbott
Laboratories  sold the  facility to Hospira.  Hospira  ceased the  labeling  and
packaging of Alferon N Injection(R)  as they sought larger  production  runs for
cost efficiency  purposes.  On February 8, 2006, we executed a Manufacturing and
Safety Agreement with Hyaluron, Inc. ("Hyaluron") of Burlington,  Massachusetts,
for the formulation, packaging and labeling of Alferon N Injection(R).  Pursuant
to the  Agreement,  we will supply raw  materials  in  sufficient  quantity  and
provide any pertinent information to the project.  Hyaluron is in the process of
preparing their facility to produce Alferon N Injection(R).  At this time we are
in the process of scheduling additional production runs in 2010.

MARKETING/DISTRIBUTION

         Our marketing  strategy for Ampligen(R)  reflects the differing  health
care systems  around the world,  and the different  marketing  and  distribution
systems that are used to supply pharmaceutical products to those systems. In the
<PAGE> 11
U.S., we expect that, subject to receipt of regulatory approval, Ampligen(R) may
be utilized in four medical arenas:  physicians' offices, clinics, hospitals and
the home treatment setting.  We are in the process of developing  pre-launch and
launch driven  marketing plans focusing on those audience  development,  medical
support  and payor  reimbursement  initiatives  which  will  facilitate  product
acceptance and utilization at the time of regulatory approval. Similarly, we are
developing  distribution scenarios for the Specialty  Pharmacy/Infusion  channel
which will insure market access, offer 3PL (third party logistics)  capabilities
and provide the requisite risk management control  mechanisms.  It is our intent
to  utilize  third  party  service  providers  to execute  elements  of both the
marketing/sales  and  distribution  plans.  We currently plan to utilize a small
group of Managed  Market  account  managers to  introduce  the product to payor,
employer and government  account  audiences.  We believe that this approach will
establish a market  presence and facilitate  the  generation of revenue  without
incurring the  substantial  costs  associated  with a  traditional  sales force.
Furthermore, management believes that the approach will enable us to retain many
options for future marketing strategies.

         For example,  our  commercialization  strategy for  Ampligen(R)-CFS may
include licensing/co-marketing agreements utilizing the resources and capacities
of  a  strategic  partner(s).  We  are  currently  seeking  worldwide  marketing
partner(s),  with the goal of having a relationship  in place before approval is
obtained.  In  parallel to  partnering  discussions,  appropriate  pre-marketing
activities will be undertaken. We intend to control manufacturing of Ampligen on
a world-wide basis.

         In 1998,  we entered into a strategic  alliance with Accredo to develop
certain  marketing and  distribution  capacities  for  Ampligen(R) in the United
States.  Accredo,  a division of MEDCO, is one of the nation's largest Specialty
Pharmacy  providers.   Pursuant  to  the  agreement,   Accredo  assumed  certain
responsibilities  for distribution of Ampligen(R) for which they received a fee.
Through this  arrangement,  we may mitigate the  necessity of incurring  certain
up-front  costs.  Accredo has also worked with us in connection with the Amp 511
ME/CFS cost recovery treatment program,  Amp 516 ME/CFS Phase III clinical trial
and the Amp 719 (combining Ampligen(R) with other antiviral drugs in HIV-salvage
therapy and Amp 720 HIV Phase IIb clinical  trials now under way).  There can be
no assurances that this alliance will develop a significant  commercial position
in any of its targeted chronic disease markets. The agreement had an initial one
year term from February 9, 1998 with successive additional one year terms unless
either party notifies the other not less than 180 days prior to the  anniversary
date of its intent to  terminate  the  agreement.  Also,  the  agreement  may be
terminated for uncured  defaults,  or bankruptcy,  or insolvency of either party
and will automatically  terminate upon our receiving an NDA for Ampligen(R) from
the FDA, at which time, a new agreement will need to be negotiated  with Accredo
or another  major drug  distributor.  This  agreement  offers the  potential  to
provide some marketing and distribution capacity in the United States. There has
been no communication or activity under this agreement for the past few years.

         In  2007,   we  had  executed  a  marketing   strategy  for  Alferon  N
Injection(R) by relaunching the product via a collaborative marketing initiative
between  Hemispherx  and  Armada   Healthcare,   a  Specialty  Pharmacy  network
encompassing  specialty  pharmacists,   pharmacies,  distributors  and  targeted
physician  specialists.  This  effort was  intended to direct our efforts in the
most  appropriate  and  productive  market  fully  exposing  our  product in the
indicated market.  This initiative had a positive impact on Alferon(R)  revenues
in  2007 by  focusing  on  direct,  non-personal  selling  efforts  to  targeted
physician   audiences.   It  was  our  intent  to   promote   Alferon  to  those
dermatologists,  OB  GYNs  and  Family  practice/IMs  who  are  involved  in the
<PAGE> 12
treatment of patients with  refractory or recurring  external  genital warts and
who currently utilize both



injectable  interferons as well as topical  therapeutic  agents.  This marketing
initiative has been put on hold due to lack of commercially  marketable product.
We expect to reactivate  Alferon(R) N production  and the  marketing  program in
2010.

COMPETITION

         RNA based  products and toll-like  receptors  (TLRs) have  demonstrated
great promise in pre-clinical  and limited  clinical  applications  resulting in
active research and development by large  pharmaceutical  companies and emerging
Biotech  firms.  As such,  our  potential  competitors  are  among  the  largest
pharmaceutical  companies  in the  world,  are well  known to the public and the
medical community,  and have substantially greater financial resources,  product
development, and manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have.

         These companies and their competing  products may be more effective and
less costly than our products. In addition,  conventional drug therapy,  surgery
and other more  familiar  treatments  will offer  competition  to our  products.
Furthermore, our competitors have significantly greater experience than we do in
pre-clinical testing and human clinical trials of pharmaceutical products and in
obtaining  FDA,  EMEA Health  Protection  Branch  ("HPB")  and other  regulatory
approvals of products.  Accordingly,  our  competitors  may succeed in obtaining
FDA, EMEA and HPB product approvals more rapidly than us. If any of our products
receive regulatory  approvals and we commence  commercial sales of our products,
we will also be competing with respect to manufacturing efficiency and marketing
capabilities,  areas in which we have no experience. Our competitors may possess
or obtain patent protection or other intellectual  property rights that prevent,
limit or  otherwise  adversely  affect our  ability  to  develop or exploit  our
products.

         The major pharmaceutical competitors with biotech  capabilities/vaccine
franchises include Pfizer, GSK, Wyeth, Merck,  Novartis,  Gilead Pharmaceutical,
and Schering-Plough Corp. Biotech competitors include AVANT  Immunotherapeutics,
AVI Biopharma and GENTA. When we recommence sales of Alferon N Injection(R),  it
will again  compete with a product  produced by Schering  for  treating  genital
warts.  3M  Pharmaceutical  also markets its immune response  modifier  product,
Aldera, for the treatment of genital and perianal warts. We believe the approval
and  marketing  of this  product is the main reason that past sales of Alferon N
Injection(R) have not met our expectations since acquisition.  In November 2006,
the  botanical  drug,  Veregen  (marketed by Bradley  Pharmaceuticals)  was also
approved for the topical  treatment of genital and perianal  warts. In addition,
because  certain  competitive  products  are not  dependent on a source of human
blood cells, such products may be able to be produced in greater volume and at a
lower cost than Alferon N Injection(R).  Our wholesale price on a per unit basis
of Alferon N  Injection(R)  is higher than that of the  competitive  recombinant
alpha and beta interferon products.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

         Regulation  by  governmental   authorities  in  the  U.S.  and  foreign
countries is and will be a significant  factor in the  manufacture and marketing
of  Alferon(R)  N products  and our ongoing  research  and  product  development
activities. Ampligen(R) and the products developed from the ongoing research and
product  development  activities  will require  regulatory  clearances  prior to
commercialization.  In  particular,  new drug products for humans are subject to
<PAGE> 13
rigorous  preclinical  and clinical  testing as a condition for clearance by the
FDA and by similar  authorities  in foreign  countries.  The lengthy  process of
seeking these  approvals,  and the ongoing process of compliance with applicable
statutes and  regulations,  has, and will continue to require the expenditure of
substantial  resources.  Any failure by us or our  collaborators or licensees to
obtain,  or any  delay  in  obtaining,  regulatory  approvals  could  materially
adversely  affect the marketing of any products  developed by us and our ability
to receive product or royalty revenue.  We have received orphan drug designation
for certain  therapeutic  indications,  which might,  under certain  conditions,
accelerate the process of drug commercialization. Alferon N Injection(R) is only
approved for use in intra-lesional treatment of refractory or recurring external
genital  warts  in  patients  18  years  of  age or  older.  Use  of  Alferon  N
Injection(R) for other applications requires regulatory approval.

         We are subject to various  federal,  state and local laws,  regulations
and  recommendations  relating  to  such  matters  as safe  working  conditions,
laboratory and manufacturing  practices, the experimental use of animals and the
use of and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances,  including
radioactive compounds and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our
research work. The  laboratory  and  production  facility in New Brunswick,  New
Jersey is approved for the manufacture of Alferon N Injection(R)  and we believe
it is in  substantial  compliance  with all material  regulations.  However,  we
cannot give assurances that facilities  owned and operated by third parties that
are utilized in the manufacture of our products, are in substantial  compliance,
or if presently in substantial compliance, will remain so.

RESEARCH, CONSULTING, LICENSING AND SUPPLY AGREEMENTS

        Please see "Note 10:  Research,  Consulting  and Supply  Agreements"
under Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

HUMAN RESOURCES

         As of March 3, 2009,  we had 46  personnel  consisting  of 32 full time
employees and 14  regulatory/research  medical  personnel on a part-time  basis.
Part time  personnel are paid on a per diem or monthly  basis.  27 personnel are
engaged in our research, development,  clinical, and manufacturing effort. 19 of
our personnel  perform  regulatory,  general  administration,  data  processing,
including bio-statistics, financial and investor relations functions. We have no
union employees and we believe our relationship with our employees is good.

         While we have been  successful  in attracting  skilled and  experienced
scientific personnel,  there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract
or retain the necessary qualified employees and/or consultants in the future.

SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD

         Our Scientific Advisory Board presently consists of two individuals who
we believe have particular scientific and medical expertise in Virology, Cancer,
Immunology,  Biochemistry  and  related  fields.  Dr.  James  Rahal  of New York
Hospital Queens and Prof. Luc Montagnier from the Pasteur/World  AIDS Research &
Prevention advise us about current and long term scientific  planning  including
research  and  development.  This Board was  originally  made up of four medical
scientists  of which one  resigned  due to conflict of interest and one resigned
for personal reasons.  The Scientific  Advisory Board conducts periodic meetings
as needed by the  clinical  studies in  progress by us. No  Scientific  Advisory
Board  meetings  were  held in 2008  primarily  due to fewer  active  scientific
<PAGE> 14
projects.  However,  individual  Scientific  Advisory  Board  Members  sometimes
consult with and meet informally  with our employees.  Members of the Scientific
Advisory are employed by others and may have  commitments  to and/or  consulting
agreements with other entities, including our potential competitors.


ITEM 1A. Risk Factors.

         The following  cautionary  statements  identify  important factors that
could cause our actual results to differ  materially from those projected in the
forward-looking  statements  made in this Form 10-K.  Among the key factors that
have a direct bearing on our results of operations are:

Risks Associated With Our Business

No assurance of successful product development.

         Ampligen(R)  and related  products.  The development of Ampligen(R) and
our  other  related  products  is  subject  to a number  of  significant  risks.
Ampligen(R) may be found to be ineffective or to have adverse side effects, fail
to receive  necessary  regulatory  clearances,  be difficult to manufacture on a
commercial   scale,   be   uneconomical   to   market  or  be   precluded   from
commercialization  by proprietary  right of third  parties.  Our products are in
various stages of clinical and  pre-clinical  development  and,  require further
clinical studies and appropriate  regulatory  approval processes before any such
products can be marketed. We do not know when, if ever, Ampligen(R) or our other
products will be generally  available for  commercial  sale for any  indication.
Generally,  only a  small  percentage  of  potential  therapeutic  products  are
eventually  approved by the FDA for  commercial  sale.  Please see the next risk
factor.

         Alferon N Injection(R). Although Alferon N Injection(R) is approved for
marketing in the United States for the intra-lesional treatment of refractory or
recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older, to date
it has not been  approved  for  other  indications.  We face  many of the  risks
discussed  above,  with regard to developing this product for use to treat other
ailments.

Our drug and related  technologies are investigational and subject to regulatory
approval. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval, our operations will be
significantly adversely affected.

         All of our drugs and  associated  technologies,  other  than  Alferon N
Injection(R),  are investigational and must receive prior regulatory approval by
appropriate  regulatory  authorities  for general use and are currently  legally
available only through  clinical  trials with specified  disorders.  At present,
Alferon N  Injection(R)  is only  approved for the  intra-lesional  treatment of
refractory  or recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or
older.  Use of  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  for  other  indications  will  require
regulatory approval.

         Our  products,   including   Ampligen(R),   are  subject  to  extensive
regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries,
including, but not limited to, the FDA in the U.S., the Health Protection Branch
("HPB") of  Canada,  and the Agency for the  Evaluation  of  Medicinal  Products
("EMEA") in Europe.  Obtaining  regulatory  approvals  is a rigorous and lengthy
process and requires  the  expenditure  of  substantial  resources.  In order to
obtain  final  regulatory  approval of a new drug,  we must  demonstrate  to the
<PAGE> 15
satisfaction of the regulatory agency that the product is safe and effective for
its intended  uses and that we are capable of  manufacturing  the product to the
applicable  regulatory  standards.  We require  regulatory  approval in order to
market Ampligen(R) or any other proposed product and receive product revenues or
royalties. We cannot assure you that Ampligen(R) will ultimately be demonstrated
to be safe or efficacious.  In addition, while Ampligen(R) is authorized for use
in clinical  trials  including a cost recovery  program in the United States and
Europe,  we cannot assure you that  additional  clinical trial approvals will be
authorized in the United States or in other countries, in a timely fashion or at
all, or that we will complete these clinical trials.

         We filed an NDA with the FDA for  treatment of CFS on October 10, 2007.
On December 5, 2007 we received an RTF letter from the FDA as our NDA filing was
deemed "not  substantially  complete".  We  responded  to the FDA's  concerns by
filing  amendments to our NDA on April 25, 2008. These  amendments  should allow
the  FDA   reviewers   to  better   evaluate   independently   the   statistical
efficacy/safety  conclusions  of our NDA for the use of  Ampligen(R) in treating
CFS. On July 7, 2008 the FDA accepted our NDA filing for review.  However, there
are no  assurances  that upon  review of the NDA that it will be approved by the
FDA. On  February  18,  2009,  we were  notified by the FDA that the  originally
scheduled Prescription Drug User Fee Act ("PDUFA") date of February 25, 2009 has
been extended to May 25, 2009. For more information on our NDA, please see "Note
19: Subsequent Events" under Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

         If Ampligen(R) or one of our other products does not receive regulatory
approval in the U.S. or elsewhere, our operations most likely will be materially
adversely affected.

We may  continue to incur  substantial  losses and our future  profitability  is
uncertain.

         We began  operations  in 1966 and last  reported  net profit  from 1985
through 1987. Since 1987, we have incurred  substantial  operating losses, as we
pursued our clinical  trial effort to get our  experimental  drug,  Ampligen(R),
approved.  As of December 31, 2008, our  accumulated  deficit was  approximately
$197,409,000.  We have not yet generated  significant revenues from our products
and may incur  substantial and increased losses in the future.  We cannot assure
that we will ever achieve  significant  revenues  from  product  sales or become
profitable.  We  require,  and will  continue  to  require,  the  commitment  of
substantial resources to develop our products. We cannot assure that our product
development  efforts will be successfully  completed or that required regulatory
approvals  will be  obtained  or that  any  products  will be  manufactured  and
marketed successfully, or be profitable.

We may require additional financing which may not be available.

         The  development  of  our  products  will  require  the  commitment  of
substantial  resources  to  conduct  the  time-consuming  research,  preclinical
development,  and clinical  trials that are  necessary  to bring  pharmaceutical
products to market. As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately  $6,119,000 in
cash and cash equivalents and short-term  investments.  Given the harsh economic
conditions,  we have  reviewed  every  aspect  of our  operations  for  cost and
spending  reductions  to assure  the long term  survival  of our  Company  while
maintaining  the  resources  necessary  to achieve  our  primary  objectives  of
obtaining  NDA approval of  Ampligen(R)  and  securing a strategic  partner (see
"Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations;  Liquidity and Capital  Resources").  Based on these actions,  we
<PAGE> 16
anticipate,  but cannot assure,  that these funds will be sufficient to meet our
operating cash requirements for the next 16 months.

         We have in place two potential sources of financing:  1) a Common Stock
Purchase  Agreement (the "Purchase  Agreement") with Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC
("Fusion")  pursuant  to which we have the right to sell  shares  of our  Common
Stock to Fusion (see Item 7.  Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of  Operations;  Liquidity and Capital  Resources;  Equity
Financing); and 2) a Standby Financing Agreement with certain of our executives,
directors and strategic  consultants  (see Item 7.  Management's  Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Liquidity and Capital
Resources;  Standby Financing Agreement").  However,  Fusion cannot purchase any
shares of our common stock  pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement if the price of
our common stock has three  trading days with an average  value below $0.40 over
the prior twelve trading days. For the past few months, with limited exceptions,
the price of our common stock has been below $0.40,  thereby adversely affecting
our ability to exercise the Fusion financing.

         Assuming no material  financing  from the sale of securities to Fusion,
financing under the Standby Financing  Agreement is not sufficient and if we are
unable to commercialize and sell Ampligen(R)  and/or increase sales of Alferon N
Injection(R)  or our other  products,  we will need to secure  other  sources of
funding  through  additional  equity or debt  financing or from other sources in
order to  satisfy  our  working  capital  needs and to  complete  the  necessary
clinical   trials  and  the   regulatory   approval   processes   including  the
commercializing of Ampligen(R) products. In this regard we previously registered
$50,000,000 worth of our securities in a universal shelf registration statement,
none of which has been  designated  or  issued.  We are unable to  estimate  the
amount,  timing  or  nature  of  future  sales of  outstanding  common  stock or
instruments  convertible into or exercisable for our common stock.  There can be
no  assurances  that we will  raise  adequate  funds  which may have a  material
adverse  effect  on  our  ability  to  develop  our  products  or  continue  our
operations.

Our Alferon N Injection(R)  Commercial Sales have halted due to lack of finished
goods inventory.

         Our finished  goods  inventory of Alferon N  Injection(R)  reached it's
expiration  date in March 2008. As a result,  we have no product to sell at this
time.  The FDA has  declined to respond to our  requests for an extension of the
expiration  date,  therefore  we consider  the  request to be denied.  Since our
testing of the product  indicates  that it is not  impaired  and could be safely
utilized, the finished goods inventory of 2,745 Alferon N Injection(R) 5ml vials
may be used to produce approximately 11,000,000 sachets of Low Dose Oral Alferon
(LDO) for future clinical trials.

         Production  of  Alferon  N  Injection(R)   from  our   work-in-progress
inventory,  which has an  approximate  expiration  date of 2012, has been put on
hold at this time due to the  resources  needed  to  prepare  our New  Brunswick
facility for the FDA preapproval inspection with respect to our Ampligen(R) NDA.
Work on the Alferon N  Injection(R)  is expected to resume in mid-2009 under the
condition  that adequate  funding is obtained,  which means that we may not have
any Alferon N Injection(R) product commercially available until 2010.

         In 2007,  we averaged  Alferon N  Injection(R)  sales of  approximately
$77,000 per month. However with no FDA approval to extend the expiration date of
our finished good inventory,  we will no longer receive these monthly  revenues.
<PAGE> 17
In addition,  if there is a  significant  absence of the product from the market
place, no assurance can be given that sales will return to prior levels.

Although  preliminary in vitro testing  indicates that Ampligen(R)  enhances the
effectiveness  of different drug  combinations on avian  influenza,  preliminary
testing in the laboratory is not necessarily predictive of successful results in
clinical testing or human treatment.

         Ampligen(R)  continues  to undergo  pre-clinical  testing for  possible
treatment of avian flu.  Although  preliminary  in vitro testing  indicates that
Ampligen(R)  enhances the  effectiveness of different drug combinations on avian
flu,  preliminary  testing in the  laboratory is not  necessarily  predictive of
successful  results in clinical testing or human treatment.  No assurance can be
given  that  similar  results  will  be  observed  in  clinical  trials.  Use of
Ampligen(R)  in the treatment of avian flu requires prior  regulatory  approval.
Only the FDA can  determine  whether a drug is safe,  effective or promising for
treating  a  specific  application.  As  discussed  in the  prior  risk  factor,
obtaining regulatory approvals is a rigorous and lengthy process.

         In addition,  Ampligen(R) is currently being tested on strains of avian
influenza virus.  There are a number of strains and strains mutate. No assurance
can be given that Ampligen(R) will be effective on any strains that might infect
humans.

We may not be  profitable  unless we can  protect  our  patents  and/or  receive
approval for additional pending patents.

         We need to preserve and acquire enforceable patents covering the use of
Ampligen(R) for a particular disease in order to obtain exclusive rights for the
commercial  sale of  Ampligen(R)  for such  disease.  We obtained  all rights to
Alferon N Injection(R),  and we plan to preserve and acquire enforceable patents
covering its use for existing and potentially new diseases. Our success depends,
in large part, on our ability to preserve and obtain patent  protection  for our
products and to obtain and preserve our trade secrets and expertise.  Certain of
our know-how and technology is not patentable,  particularly  the procedures for
the  manufacture of our  experimental  drug,  Ampligen(R),  which is carried out
according  to standard  operating  procedure  manuals.  We also have been issued
patents on the use of Ampligen(R)  in  combination  with certain other drugs for
the treatment of chronic  Hepatitis B virus,  chronic  Hepatitis C virus,  and a
patent which  affords  protection  on the use of  Ampligen(R)  in patients  with
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.  We have not yet been issued any patents in the United
States for the use of  Ampligen(R)  as a sole  treatment for any of the cancers,
which we have sought to target.  With regard to Alferon N Injection(R),  we have
acquired from ISI its patents for natural alpha  interferon  produced from human
peripheral  blood  leukocytes  and its  production  process  and we have filed a
patent  application  for the use of Alferon(R)  LDO in treating  viral  diseases
including avian  influenza.  We cannot assure that our competitors will not seek
and obtain patents  regarding the use of similar  products in  combination  with
various  other agents,  for a particular  target  indication  prior to our doing
such.  If we cannot  protect our patents  covering the use of our products for a
particular  disease,  or  obtain  additional  patents,  we may  not be  able  to
successfully market our products.

The  patent  position  of  biotechnology  and  pharmaceutical  firms  is  highly
uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions.

         To date,  no  consistent  policy has emerged  regarding  the breadth of
protection afforded by pharmaceutical and biotechnology patents. There can be no
<PAGE> 18
assurance  that new patent  applications  relating to our products or technology
will result in patents being issued or that, if issued, such patents will afford
meaningful  protection  against  competitors  with  similar  technology.  It  is
generally  anticipated that there may be significant  litigation in the industry
regarding patent and intellectual property rights. Such litigation could require
substantial  resources  from  us and we may not  have  the  financial  resources
necessary to enforce the patent  rights that we hold.  No assurance  can be made
that our patents will provide  competitive  advantages  for our products or will
not be successfully  challenged by  competitors.  No assurance can be given that
patents do not exist or could not be filed which would have a materially adverse
effect on our ability to develop or market our products or to obtain or maintain
any competitive  position that we may achieve with respect to our products.  Our
patents also may not prevent others from developing  competitive  products using
related technology.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain  necessary  licenses if
we cannot enforce  patent rights we may hold. In addition,  the failure of third
parties from whom we currently license certain  proprietary  information or from
whom we may be  required to obtain such  licenses in the future,  to  adequately
enforce their rights to such proprietary information, could adversely affect the
value of such licenses to us.

         If we cannot  enforce  the patent  rights we  currently  hold we may be
required to obtain  licenses from others to develop,  manufacture  or market our
products.  There can be no  assurance  that we would be able to obtain  any such
licenses on  commercially  reasonable  terms,  if at all. We  currently  license
certain proprietary  information from third parties, some of which may have been
developed  with  government  grants  under  circumstances  where the  government
maintained certain rights with respect to the proprietary information developed.
No assurances can be given that such third parties will  adequately  enforce any
rights they may have or that the rights, if any, retained by the government will
not adversely affect the value of our license.

         There is no guarantee  that our trade  secrets will not be disclosed or
known by our competitors.

         To protect our rights,  we require certain employees and consultants to
enter into  confidentiality  agreements  with us. There can be no assurance that
these  agreements  will  not be  breached,  that  we  would  have  adequate  and
enforceable  remedies for any breach, or that any trade secrets of ours will not
otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors.

We have  limited  marketing  and sales  capability.  If we are  unable to obtain
additional  distributors  and our current and future  distributors do not market
our products  successfully,  we may not generate  significant revenues or become
profitable.

         We have limited marketing and sales  capability.  We are dependent upon
existing and, possibly future, marketing agreements and third party distribution
agreements for our products in order to generate significant revenues and become
profitable.  As a result, any revenues received by us will be dependent in large
part on the  efforts  of third  parties,  and there is no  assurance  that these
efforts will be successful.

         Our   commercialization   strategy  for   Ampligen(R)-CFS  may  include
licensing/co-marketing  agreements  utilizing the resources and  capacities of a
strategic  partner(s).  We are currently seeking worldwide marketing partner(s),
<PAGE> 19
with the goal of having a relationship in place before approval is obtained.  In
parallel to partnering discussions, appropriate pre-marketing activities will be
undertaken.  We intend to control  manufacturing  of  Ampligen  on a  world-wide
basis.

         We cannot  assure that our U.S. or foreign  marketing  strategy will be
successful or that we will be able to establish  future marketing or third party
distribution  agreements  on  terms  acceptable  to us,  or  that  the  cost  of
establishing  these  arrangements  will not exceed  any  product  revenues.  Our
inability to establish viable marketing and sales capabilities would most likely
have a materially adverse effect on us.

There are no long-term  agreements with suppliers of required  materials.  If we
are unable to obtain the  required  raw  materials,  we may be required to scale
back  our  operations  or  stop  manufacturing  Alferon  N  Injection(R)  and/or
Ampligen(R).

         A number of essential materials are used in the production of Alferon N
Injection(R),  including  human  white  blood  cells.  We do not have  long-term
agreements for the supply of any of such materials. There can be no assurance we
can enter into  long-term  supply  agreements  covering  essential  materials on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

         There  are a limited  number  of  manufacturers  in the  United  States
available  to provide the  polymers  for use in  manufacturing  Ampligen(R).  At
present,  we do not have any agreements with third parties for the supply of any
of these polymers. We have established relevant manufacturing  operations within
our New  Brunswick,  New  Jersey  facility  for the  production  of  Ampligen(R)
polymers  from raw  materials in order to obtain  polymers on a more  consistent
manufacturing basis.

         If we are unable to obtain or manufacture the required polymers, we may
be required to scale back our  operations or stop  manufacturing.  The costs and
availability of products and materials we need for the production of Ampligen(R)
and the commercial production of Alferon N Injection(R) and other products which
we may commercially produce are subject to fluctuation depending on a variety of
factors  beyond  our  control,   including   competitive  factors,   changes  in
technology,  and FDA and  other  governmental  regulations  and  there can be no
assurance  that we will be able to obtain such  products and  materials on terms
acceptable to us or at all.

There is no assurance that  successful  manufacture of a drug on a limited scale
basis  for  investigational  use  will  lead  to  a  successful   transition  to
commercial, large-scale production.

         Small  changes  in  methods  of  manufacturing,   including  commercial
scale-up,  may affect the chemical structure of Ampligen(R) and other RNA drugs,
as well as their safety and efficacy,  and can, among other things,  require new
clinical studies and affect orphan drug status, particularly, market exclusivity
rights,  if any,  under  the  Orphan  Drug  Act.  The  transition  from  limited
production of  pre-clinical  and clinical  research  quantities to production of
commercial  quantities  of our products  will involve  distinct  management  and
technical  challenges  and will  require  additional  management  and  technical
personnel and capital to the extent such  manufacturing  is not handled by third
parties.  There can be no assurance that our manufacturing will be successful or
that any given product will be determined to be safe and  effective,  capable of
being  manufactured   economically  in  commercial  quantities  or  successfully
marketed.
<PAGE> 20
We have limited manufacturing experience and capacity.

         Ampligen(R) has been only produced in limited quantities for use in our
clinical   trials  and  we  are  dependent  upon  a  third  party  supplier  for
substantially  all of the  production  process.  The failure to  continue  these
arrangements or to achieve other such  arrangements on satisfactory  terms could
have a material  adverse affect on us. Also to be successful,  our products must
be  manufactured   in  commercial   quantities  in  compliance  with  regulatory
requirements  and at  acceptable  costs.  To the extent we are  involved  in the
production  process,  our current facilities are not adequate for the production
of our proposed products for large-scale commercialization,  and we currently do
not have adequate personnel to conduct commercial-scale manufacturing. We intend
to  utilize  third-party  facilities  if and when the need  arises or, if we are
unable to do so, to build or acquire commercial-scale  manufacturing facilities.
We will  need to  comply  with  regulatory  requirements  for  such  facilities,
including  those of the FDA pertaining to current Good  Manufacturing  Practices
("cGMP")  regulations.  There can be no assurance  that such  facilities  can be
used,  built,  or  acquired  on  commercially  acceptable  terms,  or that  such
facilities,  if used,  built,  or acquired,  will be adequate for our  long-term
needs.  Please refer to the Risk Factor "Our Alferon N  Injection(R)  commercial
sales have halted due to lack of finished goods inventory."

We may not be profitable unless we can produce  Ampligen(R) or other products in
commercial quantities at costs acceptable to us.

         We have  never  produced  Ampligen(R)  or any other  products  in large
commercial  quantities.  We must  manufacture  our products in  compliance  with
regulatory  requirements in large commercial  quantities and at acceptable costs
in order for us to be profitable. We intend to utilize third-party manufacturers
and/or  facilities if and when the need arises or, if we are unable to do so, to
build  or  acquire  commercial-scale  manufacturing  facilities.  If  we  cannot
manufacture  commercial  quantities  of  Ampligen(R)  or enter into third  party
agreements for its manufacture at costs acceptable to us, our operations will be
significantly  affected.  Also, each production lot of Alferon N Injection(R) is
subject to FDA review and approval prior to releasing the lots to be sold.  This
review and approval process could take considerable  time, which would delay our
having product in inventory to sell.

Rapid technological change may render our products obsolete or non-competitive.

         The  pharmaceutical  and biotechnology  industries are subject to rapid
and   substantial   technological   change.   Technological   competition   from
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities,  governmental entities
and others  diversifying  into the field is intense and is expected to increase.
Most of these  entities  have  significantly  greater  research and  development
capabilities than us, as well as substantial marketing, financial and managerial
resources,  and  represent  significant  competition  for  us.  There  can be no
assurance  that   developments  by  others  will  not  render  our  products  or
technologies  obsolete  or  noncompetitive  or that we will be able to keep pace
with technological developments.

Our products may be subject to substantial competition.

         Ampligen(R). Competitors may be developing technologies that are, or in
the future may be, the basis for competitive  products.  Some of these potential
products  may have an  entirely  different  approach  or means of  accomplishing
similar  therapeutic  effects to products being developed by us. These competing
<PAGE> 21
products may be more  effective and less costly than our products.  In addition,
conventional drug therapy,  surgery and other more familiar treatments may offer
competition  to  our  products.   Furthermore,  many  of  our  competitors  have
significantly  greater  experience  than us in  pre-clinical  testing  and human
clinical trials of  pharmaceutical  products and in obtaining FDA, HPB and other
regulatory  approvals of products.  Accordingly,  our competitors may succeed in
obtaining FDA, HPB or other regulatory  product  approvals more rapidly than us.
There are no drugs approved for commercial  sale with respect to treating ME/CFS
in the United  States.  The  dominant  competitors  with drugs to treat  disease
indications in which we plan to address include Gilead  Pharmaceutical,  Pfizer,
Bristol-Myers,  Abbott Labs,  GlaxoSmithKline,  Merck and Schering-Plough  Corp.
These potential  competitors are among the largest  pharmaceutical  companies in
the world,  are well known to the public  and the  medical  community,  and have
substantially   greater   financial   resources,    product   development,   and
manufacturing and marketing  capabilities than we have.  Although we believe our
principal  advantage  is the unique  mechanism of action of  Ampligen(R)  on the
immune system, we cannot assure that we will be able to compete.

         ALFERON  N   Injection(R).   Our  competitors  are  among  the  largest
pharmaceutical  companies  in the  world,  are well  known to the public and the
medical community,  and have substantially greater financial resources,  product
development,  and manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have. Alferon
N Injection(R)  currently competes with Schering's injectable  recombinant alpha
interferon  product  (INTRON(R)  A) for  the  treatment  of  genital  warts.  3M
Pharmaceuticals  also  offer  competition  from  its  immune-response  modifier,
Aldara(R),  a  self-administered  topical  cream,  for the treatment of external
genital and  perianal  warts.  In  addition,  Medigene  has FDA  approval  for a
self-administered  ointment,  VeregenTM,  which  is  indicated  for the  topical
treatment of external  genital and perianal warts.  Alferon N Injection(R)  also
competes with surgical,  chemical,  and other methods of treating genital warts.
We cannot assess the impact products  developed by our competitors,  or advances
in other methods of the treatment of genital warts,  will have on the commercial
viability of Alferon N Injection(R).  If and when we obtain additional approvals
of uses of this product,  we expect to compete primarily on the basis of product
performance.  Our competitors have developed or may develop products (containing
either  alpha  or beta  interferon  or  other  therapeutic  compounds)  or other
treatment  modalities for those uses.  There can be no assurance that, if we are
able to obtain  regulatory  approval of Alferon N Injection(R) for the treatment
of new indications,  we will be able to achieve any significant penetration into
those  markets.  In  addition,  because  certain  competitive  products  are not
dependent  on a source of human blood  cells,  such  products  may be able to be
produced  in greater  volume and at a lower  cost than  Alferon N  Injection(R).
Currently,  our wholesale price on a per unit basis of Alferon N Injection(R) is
higher  than  that of the  competitive  recombinant  alpha  and beta  interferon
products.

         General.  Other  companies may succeed in developing  products  earlier
than we do, obtaining approvals for such products from the FDA more rapidly than
we do, or developing products that are more effective than those we may develop.
While we will  attempt  to expand  our  technological  capabilities  in order to
remain  competitive,  there can be no assurance that research and development by
others or other  medical  advances  will not render our  technology  or products
obsolete or  non-competitive  or result in treatments  or cures  superior to any
therapy we develop.

Possible  side effects  from the use of  Ampligen(R)  or Alferon N  Injection(R)
could adversely affect potential revenues and physician/patient acceptability of
our product.
<PAGE> 22
         Ampligen(R).  We  believe  that  Ampligen(R)  has been  generally  well
tolerated  with a low  incidence of clinical  toxicity,  particularly  given the
severely  debilitating or life  threatening  diseases that have been treated.  A
mild  flushing  reaction has been observed in  approximately  15-20% of patients
treated in our various studies.  This reaction is occasionally  accompanied by a
rapid heart beat,  a tightness of the chest,  urticaria  (swelling of the skin),
anxiety,  shortness of breath, subjective reports of "feeling hot", sweating and
nausea.  The  reaction is usually  infusion-rate  related and can  generally  be
controlled by reducing the rate of infusion.  Other adverse side effects include
liver enzyme level elevations,  diarrhea,  itching,  asthma, low blood pressure,
photophobia, rash, transient visual disturbances,  slow or irregular heart rate,
decreases  in  platelets  and  white  blood  cell  counts,  anemia,   dizziness,
confusion,  elevation of kidney function tests,  occasional  temporary hair loss
and various flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills, fatigue, muscular aches,
joint  pains,  headaches,  nausea and  vomiting.  These  flu-like  side  effects
typically  subside  within  several  months.  One or more of the potential  side
effects might deter usage of  Ampligen(R)  in certain  clinical  situations  and
therefore,  could  adversely  affect  potential  revenues and  physician/patient
acceptability of our product.

         Alferon N  Injection(R).  At present,  Alferon N  Injection(R)  is only
approved for the  intra-lesional  (within the lesion) treatment of refractory or
recurring external genital warts in adults. In clinical trials conducted for the
treatment  of  genital  warts  with  Alferon N  Injection(R),  patients  did not
experience  serious  side  effects;  however,  there  can be no  assurance  that
unexpected or unacceptable side effects will not be found in the future for this
use or other  potential uses of Alferon N  Injection(R)  which could threaten or
limit such product's usefulness.

We may be subject  to  product  liability  claims  from the use of  Ampligen(R),
Alferon N Injection(R),  or other of our products which could negatively  affect
our  future  operations.  We have  temporarily  discontinued  product  liability
insurance.

         We face an inherent  business  risk of  exposure  to product  liability
claims in the event that the use of Ampligen(R) or other of our products results
in adverse  effects.  This  liability  might result from claims made directly by
patients,  hospitals, clinics or other consumers, or by pharmaceutical companies
or others  manufacturing these products on our behalf. Our future operations may
be negatively  affected from the litigation costs,  settlement expenses and lost
product  sales  inherent to these  claims.  While we will continue to attempt to
take appropriate  precautions,  we cannot assure that we will avoid  significant
product liability exposure.

         On November 28, 2008,  as we disclosed in an 8-K, we suspended  product
liability insurance for Alferon(R) N and Ampligen(R) until we receive regulatory
clearance  for  Ampligen(R).  We now require  third  parties to  indemnify us in
conjunction with all overseas emergency sales of Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R) LDO.
We concluded that years of successfully addressing the limited number of product
liability claims filed against Ampligen(R) and Alferon(R) LDO, combined with the
mandatory patient waivers completed as an element of clinical trials and lack of
any  commercial  sales since  April 2008,  that  temporarily  discontinuing  the
liability  insurance  was an acceptable  risk given our financial  condition and
need to conserve cash.

         Currently,  without  product  liability  coverage for  Ampligen(R)  and
Alferon(R)  LDO, a claim  against the products  could have a materially  adverse
effect on our business and financial condition.
<PAGE> 23
The loss of services of key personnel including Dr. William A. Carter could hurt
our chances for success.

         Our  success  is  dependent  on the  continued  efforts  of our  staff,
especially  certain doctors and researchers  along with the continued efforts of
Dr.  William  A.  Carter  because of his  position  as a pioneer in the field of
nucleic acid drugs, his being the co-inventor of Ampligen(R),  and his knowledge
of our overall activities, including patents and clinical trials. As a result of
our  implementation of the Employee Wage Or Hours Reduction  Program,  our staff
has  agreed  to take a portion  of their  compensation  in shares of our  Common
Stock. While we believe that our employees are dedicated to us and while we have
incentivised  them to remain with us through the  establishment  of a Bonus Pool
that  would  award them  money in the event  that the FDA  approves  our NDA for
Ampligen(R),  we cannot assure that they will remain with us. For information on
the  Employee  Wage Or Hours  Reduction  Program and the Bonus Pool,  please see
"Item 11. Executive Compensation; Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Elements
of  Executive  Compensation;  Other  Compensation."  The loss of the services of
personnel  key to our  operations  or Dr.  Carter could have a material  adverse
effect  on our  operations  and  chances  for  success.  As a cash  conservation
measure, we have elected to discontinue the key man life insurance in the amount
of $2,000,000 on the life of Dr.  Carter until we receive  regulatory  clearance
for  Ampligen(R).  An  employment  agreement  continues to exist with Dr. Carter
that,  as amended,  runs until  December 31, 2010.  However,  Dr. Carter has the
right to  terminate  his  employment  upon not less than 30 days  prior  written
notice.  The loss of Dr.  Carter or other  personnel  or the  failure to recruit
additional  personnel as needed could have a  materially  adverse  effect on our
ability to achieve our objectives.

Uncertainty of health care reimbursement for our products.

         Our ability to successfully  commercialize our products will depend, in
part,  on the extent to which  reimbursement  for the cost of such  products and
related  treatment  will be  available  from  government  health  administration
authorities,   private  health  coverage   insurers  and  other   organizations.
Significant  uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved
health care products,  and from time to time legislation is proposed,  which, if
adopted,   could  further   restrict  the  prices   charged  by  and/or  amounts
reimbursable to  manufacturers  of  pharmaceutical  products.  We cannot predict
what,  if any,  legislation  will  ultimately  be  adopted or the impact of such
legislation  on us.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  third  party  insurance
companies will allow us to charge and receive  payments for products  sufficient
to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development.

There are  risks of  liabilities  associated  with  handling  and  disposing  of
hazardous materials.

         Our  business  involves  the  controlled  use of  hazardous  materials,
carcinogenic  chemicals,  flammable solvents and various radioactive  compounds.
Although we believe that our safety  procedures  for  handling and  disposing of
such materials comply in all material respects with the standards  prescribed by
applicable  regulations,  the risk of  accidental  contamination  or injury from
these  materials  cannot  be  completely  eliminated.  In the  event  of such an
accident or the failure to comply with applicable regulations,  we could be held
liable for any damages that result, and any such liability could be significant.
We do not maintain insurance coverage against such liabilities.
<PAGE> 24
Risks Associated With an Investment in Our Common Stock

         The  market  price of our stock  may be  adversely  affected  by market
volatility.

         The  market  price of our  common  stock  has been and is  likely to be
volatile.  This is especially true given the current significant  instability in
the financial  markets.  In addition to general  economic,  political and market
conditions,  the price and trading volume of our stock could fluctuate widely in
response to many factors, including:

     o announcements of the results of clinical trials by us or our competitors;

     o adverse reactions to products;

     o  governmental  approvals,  delays in expected  governmental  approvals or
withdrawals of any prior  governmental  approvals or public or regulatory agency
concerns regarding the safety or effectiveness of our products;

     o changes in U.S. or foreign regulatory policy during the period of product
development;

     o developments in patent or other proprietary  rights,  including any third
party challenges of our intellectual property rights;

     o announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors;

     o  announcements  of  new  products  or  new  contracts  by us or  our
     competitors;

     o  actual or anticipated variations in our operating results due to the
     level of  development  expenses and other  factors;

     o  changes in financial  estimates by  securities  analysts and whether
     our earnings meet or exceed the estimates;

     o  conditions and trends in the pharmaceutical and other industries;

     o  new accounting standards;

     o  overall investment market fluctuation; and

     o  occurrence of any of the risks described in these "Risk Factors."

         Our  common  stock is listed for  quotation  on the NYSE  Alternext  US
(formerly,  the American Stock Exchange). For the 12-month period ended December
31,  2008,  the price of our  common  stock has  ranged  from $0.25 to $1.20 per
share. We expect the price of our common stock to remain  volatile.  The average
daily trading  volume of our common stock varies  significantly.  Our relatively
low average volume and low average number of transactions per day may affect the
ability  of our  stockholders  to sell  their  shares  in the  public  market at
prevailing prices and a more active market may never develop.

         In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of the
securities of companies in our industry,  securities class action litigation has
often been instituted  against companies in our industry.  If we face securities
litigation in the future, even if without merit or unsuccessful, it would result
in  substantial  costs and a diversion of management  attention  and  resources,
which would negatively impact our business.

Our stock price may be adversely  affected if a significant amount of shares are
sold in the public market.

         In connection  with entering  into the Purchase  Agreement  with Fusion
Capital Fund II, LLC ("Fusion")in  August 2008, we registered  21,300,000 shares
in the  aggregate,  consisting of 20,000,000  shares which we may sell to Fusion
and 1,300,000 shares we have issued or may issue to Fusion as Commitment Shares.
The number of shares ultimately offered for sale by Fusion is dependent upon the
number of shares purchased by Fusion under the agreement. The purchase price for
the common stock to be sold to Fusion  pursuant to the Purchase  Agreement  will
<PAGE> 25
fluctuate  based on the price of our common  stock.  Under the rules of the NYSE
Alternext  US,  we may not issue  more than  14,823,651  shares  (19.99%  of our
outstanding  shares  as of July 2,  2008,  the date of the  purchase  agreement)
without  first  obtaining  the approval of  stockholders.  In November  2008, we
received  stockholder  approval to issue the additional  6,476,349 shares. It is
anticipated  that  shares  registered  could be sold  over a period  of up to 25
months after the registration  statement is declared  effective.  Depending upon
market liquidity at the time, a sale of shares by Fusion at any given time could
cause the trading  price of our common stock to decline.  Fusion may  ultimately
purchase  all,  some or none of the  20,000,000  shares  of  common  stock to be
registered  but not yet issued.  After it has acquired such shares,  it may sell
all,  some or none of such  shares.  Therefore,  sales to Fusion by us under the
Purchase Agreement may result in substantial  dilution to the interests of other
holders of our common stock.  The sale of a substantial  number of shares of our
common  stock by  Fusion,  or  anticipation  of such  sales,  could make it more
difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related  securities in the future at a
time and at a price that we might  otherwise wish to effect sales.  However,  we
have the right to  control  the  timing and amount of any sales of our shares to
Fusion and the agreement  may be terminated by us at any time at our  discretion
without any cost to us.

         In addition to the 21,300,000  shares  registered  for Fusion,  we have
previously  registered  135% of  3,615,514  shares  issuable  upon  exercise  of
Warrants  related to our former  convertible  debentures and  14,442,294  shares
issuable  upon exercise of certain  other  warrants.  To the extent the exercise
price of the  warrants is less than the market  price of the common  stock,  the
holders of the  warrants  are likely to  exercise  them and sell the  underlying
shares of common stock and to the extent that the conversion  price and exercise
price of these securities are adjusted pursuant to anti-dilution protection, the
securities  could be exercisable  or convertible  for even more shares of common
stock.  We also may issue shares to be used to meet our capital  requirements or
use shares to compensate employees, consultants and/or directors. In this regard
we  previously  registered  $50,000,000  worth of our  securities in a universal
shelf  registration  statement,  none of which has been designated or issued. We
are  unable to  estimate  the  amount,  timing  or  nature  of  future  sales of
outstanding common stock or instruments  convertible into or exercisable for our
common stock.

         Sales of  substantial  amounts of our common stock in the public market
could cause the market price for our common stock to  decrease.  Furthermore,  a
decline in the price of our common  stock  would  likely  impede our  ability to
raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of common stock or other
equity securities.

Provisions of our  Certificate of  Incorporation  and Delaware law could defer a
change of our management which could discourage or delay offers to acquire us.

         Provisions of our  Certificate  of  Incorporation  and Delaware law may
make  it  more  difficult  for  someone  to  acquire  control  of us or for  our
stockholders to remove existing  management,  and might discourage a third party
from offering to acquire us, even if a change in control or in management  would
be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, our Certificate of Incorporation
allows us to issue shares of preferred  stock without any vote or further action
by our  stockholders.  Our  Board  of  Directors  has the  authority  to fix and
determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred  stock.  Our Board of
Directors  also has the  authority  to issue  preferred  stock  without  further
stockholder  approval.  As a result,  our Board of Directors could authorize the
issuance  of a series  of  preferred  stock  that  would  grant to  holders  the
<PAGE> 26
preferred right to our assets upon  liquidation,  the right to receive  dividend
payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the
right to the  redemption of the shares,  together  with a premium,  prior to the
redemption of our common stock.  In this regard,  in November 2002, we adopted a
stockholder  rights plan and, under the Plan, our Board of Directors  declared a
dividend distribution of one Right for each outstanding share of Common Stock to
stockholders of record at the close of business on November 29, 2002. Each Right
initially  entitles  holders to buy one unit of preferred stock for $30.00.  The
Rights generally are not  transferable  apart from the common stock and will not
be exercisable unless and until a person or group acquires or commences a tender
or exchange offer to acquire,  beneficial ownership of 15% or more of our common
stock.  However,  for Dr.  Carter,  our Chief  Executive  Officer,  who  already
beneficially  owns 7.7% of our common stock,  the Plan's  threshold will be 20%,
instead of 15%. The Rights will expire on November 19, 2012, and may be redeemed
prior thereto at $.01 per Right under certain circumstances.

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

         Because the risk factors  referred to above could cause actual  results
or outcomes to differ  materially  from those  expressed in any  forward-looking
statements  made  by us,  you  should  not  place  undue  reliance  on any  such
forward-looking  statements.  Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only
as of the date on which it is made and we undertake no  obligation to update any
forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the  date on  which  such  statement  is  made  or  reflect  the  occurrence  of
unanticipated  events.  New  factors  emerge  from  time to time,  and it is not
possible for us to predict which will arise.  In addition,  we cannot assess the
impact of each  factor on our  business  or the extent to which any  factor,  or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any  forward-looking  statements.  Our research in clinical efforts
may continue for the next several  years and we may continue to incur losses due
to clinical  costs incurred in the  development  of  Ampligen(R)  for commercial
application.  Possible  losses may fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result
of  differences in the timing of  significant  expenses  incurred and receipt of
licensing fees and/or cost recovery treatment revenues in Europe, Canada and the
United States.

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

ITEM 2.  Properties.

         We  currently   lease  our   headquarters   located  in   Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania  consisting  of a suite of offices of  approximately  9,000  square
feet.  We also  currently  own,  occupy  and use our New  Brunswick,  New Jersey
laboratory and production  facility that we acquired from ISI. These  facilities
consist  of two  buildings  located on 2.8 acres.  One  building  is a two story
facility  consisting  of a total of 31,300 square feet.  This facility  contains
offices, laboratories,  production space and shipping and receiving areas. It is
also  contains  space  designated  for research and  development,  our pharmacy,
packaging, quality assurance and quality control laboratories.  Building Two has
11,670 square feet consisting of offices,  laboratories and warehouse space. The
property has parking space for approximately 100 vehicles.

ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings.

         Please  see  "Note 15 -  Contingencies"  under  Notes  to  Consolidated
Financial Statements.
<PAGE> 27
ITEM 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

Our Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders  initially  held on September 17, 2008, was
adjourned to October 17, 2008 and then November 11, 2008. The adjournments  were
due to an  inability  to obtain a quorum.  Our Board of  Directors  amended  our
By-Laws to reduce the quorum  solely for this  meeting from a majority to 44% in
voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting.
At the meeting, stockholders approved the following:

Election of Directors:

Nominees                               For                    Withheld

William A. Carter                   31,762,316               4,959,791
Richard C. Piani                    31,912,275               4,809,832
William M. Mitchell                 31,918,799               4,803,308
Iraj-Eqhbal Kiani, Ph.D.            31,730,192               4,991,915
Thomas K. Equels                    32,524,699               4,197,408

Ratification  of the  appointment of McGladrey & Pullen,  LLP as our independent
accountants:

For:  35,911,303  Against:  845,300 Abstain:  117,733.

Approval of the issuance of our Common  Stock to comply with AMEX Company  Guide
Section 713 (Shares voted for excluding  650,000  shares owned by Fusion Capital
Fund II, LLC):

For: 12,089,859   Against: 1,355,887        Abstain: 103,215
Broker non-votes: 22,675,375.

Total shares voted: 36,874,336 out of 74,805,334 eligible to vote.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's  Common Equity,  Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

         In 2008,  we issued  shares of common stock  consisting of 1) 2,677,640
shares in payment to vendors and consultants for services rendered; 2) 1,211,122
shares  issued  pursuant to the 2008  Purchase  Agreement  with  Fusion;  and 3)
339,636 shares to our Directors pursuant to our Directors' Compensation Program.
In addition,  in February 2009, we issued an aggregate of 982,392  warrants with
an expiration  period of ten years and exercise  price of $0.51 per share to Dr.
Carter and Mr. Equels, pursuant to the terms of the Standby Financing Agreement.

         The foregoing  issuances of securities  were private  transactions  and
exempt  from  registration  under  section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act  and/or
regulation D rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act.

         Since  October  1997 our common stock has been listed and traded on the
NYSE Alternext US (formerly,  the American Stock Exchange) under the symbol HEB.
The following table sets forth the high and low list prices for our Common Stock
for the last two fiscal years as reported by the NYSE  Alternext US. Such prices
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdowns or commissions and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
<PAGE> 28
COMMON STOCK                                    High                  Low
                                                ----                  ---
Time Period:
------------
January 1, 2008 through March 31, 2008         0.89                  0.59
April 1, 2008 through June 30, 2008            1.00                  0.62
July 1, 2008 through September 30, 2008        1.20                  0.25
October 1, 2008 through December 31, 2008      0.70                  0.25


<PAGE> 29

January 1, 2007 through March 31, 2007         2.49                  1.60
April 1, 2007 through June 30, 2007            1.82                  1.24
July 1, 2007 through September 30, 2007        1.79                  1.06
October 1, 2007 through December 31, 2007      2.08                  0.53

         As of March 3, 2009, there were  approximately 233 holders of record of
our Common  Stock.  This number was  determined  from records  maintained by our
transfer agent and does not include  beneficial  owners of our securities  whose
securities are held in the names of various dealers and/or clearing agencies.

         On March 3, 2009,  the last sale price for our common stock on the NYSE
Alternext US (formerly, the American Stock Exchange) was $0.41 per share.

         We have not  paid any cash  dividends  on our  Common  Stock in  recent
years.  It is  management's  intention  not to declare or pay  dividends  on our
Common Stock, but to retain earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of
our business.

         The following table gives  information  about our Common Stock that may
be issued upon the  exercise of options,  warrants  and rights  under all of our
equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2008.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                     <C>                          <C>              <C>

                                                                                    Number of securities
                                                                                    Remaining available for
                                                                Weighted-average    future issuance under
                                       Number of Securities to  Exercise price of   equity compensation
                                       be issued upon exercise  Outstanding         plans(excluding
                                       of outstanding options,  options, warrants   securities reflected in
Plan Category                          warrants and rights      and rights          column (a))
-------------                          ------------------       ----------          -----------

                                               (a)                     (b)                   (c)

Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders:                        9,021,818                  $2.54             3,932,894

Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders:            5,266,187                  $3.12
                                        ----------                  -----
Total                                   14,288,005                  $2.75             3,932,894
                                        ==========                  =====             =========


</TABLE>

<PAGE> 30

Performance Graph

                                           Total Return To Shareholders
                                       (Includes reinvestment of dividends)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGE
                                                             Years Ending
<S>                                               <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>

Company Name / Index                                          Dec 04      Dec 05      Dec 06      Dec 07     Dec 08
---------------------------------------------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.                                    -15.93       14.21        1.38      -65.45     -52.63
S&P SmallCap 600 Index                                         22.65        7.68       15.12       -0.30     -31.07
Peer Group                                                    -40.46        0.20       24.05      -25.81     -74.85

                                                                               INDEXED RETURNS
                                                 Base                           Years Ending
                                                Period
Company Name / Index                            Dec 03        Dec 04      Dec 05      Dec 06      Dec 07     Dec 08
---------------------------------------------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.                        100          84.07       96.02       97.35       33.63      15.93
S&P SmallCap 600 Index                            100         122.65      132.07      152.04      151.59     104.48
Peer Group                                        100          59.54       59.66       74.00       54.91      13.81

Peer Group Companies
---------------------------------------------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------
AVI BIOPHARMA INC
CYTRX CORP.
GENVEC INC.
OXIGENE INC.


[GRAPHIC OMITTED][GRAPHIC OMITTED]
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 31
ITEM 6. Selected  Financial  Data (in  thousands  except for share and per share
data).

         The selected consolidated financial data set forth below should be read
in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, and the related notes
thereto,  and "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and
Results of  Operations",  included  in this  Annual  Report.  The  statement  of
operations  and balance  sheet data  presented  below for, and as of the end of,
each of the years in the five year period  ended  December  31, 2008 are derived
from our audited consolidated  financial statements.  Historical results are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in the future.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                     <C>              <C>               <C>             <C>                <C>

Year Ended
December 31                            2004             2005              2006             2007              2008
-----------                            ----             ----              ----             ----              ----

Statement of       Operations
Data:
Revenues and License fee Income       $1,229           $1,083              $933           $1,059              $265

Total Costs and Expenses(1)           12,118           10,998            19,627           20,348            13,076

Interest Expense and Financing
Costs(2)                               5,674            3,121             1,259              396                 -

Net loss                             (16,887)         (12,446)          (19,399)         (18,139)          (12,219)

Deemed Dividend                       (4,031)               -                 -                -                  -

Net loss
applicable to common stockholders    (20,918)         (12,446)          (19,399)         (18,139)          (12,219)

Basic and diluted net loss per
share                                 (0.46)           (0.24)            (0.31)           (0.25)             (0.16)


Shares used in computing basic
and diluted net loss per share     45,177,862       51,475,192        61,815,358       71,839,782        75,142,075

Balance Sheet Data:

Working Capital                      $ 13,934         $ 16,353           $16,559          $14,412            $5,646

Total Assets                           25,293           24,654            31,431           23,142            13,211

Debt, net of discount(3)                4,312            4,171             3,871                -                 -

Stockholders' Equity                   19,443           18,627            24,751           20,955            11,544

Cash Flow Data:

Cash used in operatin
activities                           $ (7,240)       $ (7,231)          $(13,747)        $(15,112)         $(9,358)

Capital expenditures                     (150)         (1,002)            (1,351)            (212)             (73)
</TABLE>
<PAGE> 32
(1)    General and Administrative expenses include stock compensation expense of
       $2,000,  $391,  $2,483,  $2,291 and $573 for the years ended December 31,
       2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively.

(2)    For information  concerning our financing see Note 7 to our  consolidated
       financial  statements  for the year ended  December  31,  2008  contained
       herein.

(3)    In accounting  for the January 26, 2004 and July 13, 2004 issuances of 6%
       Senior  Convertible  Debentures in the principal  amounts of $4,000,  and
       $2,000,  respectively,  and  related  embedded  conversion  features  and
       warrant issuances,  we recorded debt discounts which, in effect,  reduced
       the carrying value of the debt.

ITEM 7. Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.

         The  following  discussion  and  analysis  is related to our  financial
condition and results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2008.
This information should be read in conjunction with Item 6 - "Selected Financial
Data" and our  consolidated  financial  statements  and  related  notes  thereto
beginning on F-1 of this Form 10-K.

Statement of Forward-Looking Information

         Certain statements in the section are "forward-looking statements." You
should read the  information  before  Item 1B above,  "Special  Note"  Regarding
Forward-Looking  Statements"  for more  information  about our  presentation  of
information.

Background

         We are a  biopharmaceutical  company  engaged  in the  manufacture  and
clinical   development   of  new  drug   entities  for  treatment  of  seriously
debilitating disorders. Our flagship products include Alferon N Injection(R) and
the experimental therapeutics Ampligen(R) and Oragens. Alferon N Injection(R) is
approved for a category of STD infection,  and Ampligen(R) and Oragens represent
experimental  RNA nucleic  acids being  developed for globally  important  viral
diseases and disorders of the immune system.  Hemispherx's  platform  technology
includes  large and small agent  components  for potential  treatment of various
severely  debilitating  and life threatening  diseases.  We have in excess of 50
patents  comprising our core intellectual  property estate, a product (Alferon N
Injection(R))  and  GMP  certified   manufacturing   facilities  for  our  novel
pharmaceutical products.

         We have reported net income only from 1985 through 1987. Since 1987, we
have incurred,  as expected,  substantial operating losses due to our conducting
research and development programs.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Year ended December 31, 2007 versus December 31, 2008

Net loss

         Our net loss of  approximately  $12,219,000 for the year ended December
31, 2008 was 33% lower when compared to the same period in 2007. This $5,920,000
reduction in loss was primarily due to:
<PAGE> 33
1)            Research  and  Development  costs  in  2007  included  significant
              expenses related to the preparation of the Ampligen(R) NDA as well
              as expenses  related to the production of  Ampligen(R)  for use in
              stability  studies  and  preparation  of pre  commercial  lots for
              regulatory review purposes.  Research and development  expenses in
              2008 were down  approximately  $4,644,000  as compared to the same
              period in 2007.

2)            Alferon N Injection(R) had seen increased competition from the use
              of topical solutions for genital warts.  Additionally,  there were
              no sales of  Alferon N  Injection(R)  for the last nine  months of
              2008 as finished goods  inventory has reached its current  product
              expiration date of March 31, 2008. Sales of Alferon N Injection(R)
              for the twelve months ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 amounted to
              approximately $173,000 and $925,000,  respectively for a reduction
              of $752,000 or 81%.

3)            General  and  administrative   expenses  decreased   approximately
              $2,496,000 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2008 versus
              the same period a year ago primarily due to reductions in the cost
              of non-cash Stock  Compensation  of $1,718,000,  Director Fees for
              $137,000,  Impairment  Charges for $562,000 and Accounting Fees of
              $34,000  that  were  offset  with an  increase  of Legal  Fees for
              $635,000 resulting from litigation expenses.

              Impairment  charges  of  $526,000  incurred  during the year ended
              December  31,  2007  primarily  due to the  write-down  of Royalty
              Interest of patents  acquired  from ISI on Alferon N  Infection(R)
              and charges  taken  against a water  purification  system that was
              determined  not needed for use at the New  Brunswick,  NJ facility
              due to a change in manufacturing plans.

4)            Interest and other income decreased $608,000 or 51% for the twelve
              months  ended  December 31, 2008 as compared to the same period in
              2007 due to a reduction  of funds  available to invest as compared
              to the prior period and compounded by lower the interest rates.

5)            Production/Cost of Goods Sold were lower in 2008 by $132,000. This
              decrease  reflects a lower  cost of sales in 2008  offset by fixed
              costs in manufacturing which could not be applied Inventory due to
              the halting of Alferon(R) N production.

6)            In  September  2007,  an  increase  of  $346,000  in other  income
              occurred due to the reversal of accrued liquidated damages in 2006
              with respect to our  debentures.  These damages related to certain
              debenture  covenants were settled without charge in the maturation
              and pay down of the debenture  holder's  outstanding loan balances
              in 2007.

         Net loss per share was $(0.16) for the current  period  versus  $(0.25)
for the same period in 2008.

Revenues

         Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2008 were $265,000 as compared
to revenues of $1,059,000  for the same period in 2007.  Ampligen(R)  sold under
the cost recovery  clinical  program was down $42,000 and Alferon N Injection(R)
sales were down $752,000 or 81% as compared to the prior period.
<PAGE> 34
         Ampligen(R) sold under the cost recovery  clinical program is a product
of physicians and ME/CFS patients applying to us to enroll in the program.  This
program  has been in effect for  several  years and is  offered  as a  treatment
option  to  patients  severely  affected  by CFS.  As the name  "cost  recovery"
implies, we have no gain or profit on these sales. The benefits to us include 1)
physicians and patients becoming familiar with Ampligen(R); and 2) collection of
clinical data relating to the patients' treatment and results. Revenues from our
Ampligen(R)   cost  recovery  program  were  down  32%  as  fewer  patients  are
participating  in the  program.  Our  clinical  staff  has not  encouraged  cost
recovery clinical enrollments in order that our internal resources could address
the Ampligen(R) New Drug Application  ("NDA") and related documents  preparatory
to filing for a full commercial license.

         The  primary  reason for the 81% drop in the sales  Alferon(R)  for the
twelve  months  ended  December 31, 2008 is that  commercial  sales of Alferon N
Injection(R)  were halted in April 2008 as the  expiration  date of our finished
good inventory expired in March 2008. As a result, we had no product to sell for
the last nine months of 2008.


Production costs/cost of goods sold

         Production/cost of goods sold was approximately  $930,000 and $798,000,
respectively,  for the twelve  months  ended  December  31, 2007 and 2008.  This
represented a decrease of approximately  $132,000 or 14% as compared to the same
period in 2007.  These  costs  primarily  represent:  1) costs of goods  sold of
approximately  $381,000  and $-0-,  respectively,  for the twelve  months  ended
December  31,  2007 and 2008;  and 2) Costs to maintain  Alferon N  Injection(R)
Inventory  including storage,  stability testing and reporting costs incurred in
our  attempt to have the FDA extend the  commercial  sales life of our Alferon N
Injection(R)  Finished  Goods.  The primary  reason for the  decrease in cost of
goods sold can be attributed to the lack of Alferon N  Injection(R)  sales since
April 1, 2008 and its impact on costs of goods sold.

Research and Development Costs

         Overall  research  and  development  costs for the twelve  months ended
December 31, 2008 were $5,800,000 as compared to $10,444,000 for the same period
a year ago  reflecting  a decrease  of  $4,644,000  or 44%.  This  decrease  was
primarily due to reduced outside  consulting fees and other costs related to the
preparation and filing of our NDA for Ampligen(R).

         On July 7, 2008 we were  notified  that the FDA had accepted for review
our amended NDA filing for using  Ampligen(R) to treat CFS. FDA approval of this
application  would provide the  first-ever  treatment for CFS. At present,  only
supportive  symptom-based  care is  available  for CFS  patients.  While  we are
optimistic,  there are no  assurances  that the NDA will be  approved.  Over the
summer of 2008,  our clinical  monitors  visited our sites  associated  with our
AMP-511  cost  recovery  treatment  program  for the  collection  and  audit  of
additional  data  to be  submitted  to the  FDA in  support  of our  NDA for CFS
currently under review. FDA inspections of several clinical sites did not result
in the issuance of any "483" reports  indicating lack of compliance with various
regulations governing clinical trials. On February 18, 2009, we were notified by
the FDA that the originally  scheduled  Prescription Drug User Fee Act ("PDUFA")
date of  February  25,  2009  has  been  extended  to May  25,  2009.  For  more
information on our NDA, please see "Note 19:
Subsequent Events" under Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
<PAGE> 35

         In  2008,  we spent  considerable  time and  effort  preparing  for the
preapproval  inspection by the U.S. FDA for manufacturing of Ampligen(R) product
and its raw  materials,  polynucleotides  Poly I and Poly C12U.  A  satisfactory
recommendation  from the FDA  Office  of  Compliance  based  upon an  acceptable
preapproval  inspection  is  required  prior to  approval  of the  product.  The
preapproval  inspection  determines  compliance with current Good  Manufacturing
Practices  (cGMPs)  as well as a  product  specific  evaluation  concerning  the
manufacturing  process of product.  The inspection  includes many aspects of the
cGMP  requirements,   such  as  manufacturing   process  validation,   equipment
qualification, analytical method validation, facility cleaning, quality systems,
documentation system and part 11 compliance.

         The New Jersey  District  Office of the FDA  conducted an inspection of
the New Brunswick,  New Jersey  facility in late January and early February 2009
(nine  days  total).  A  one-page  Form  FDA 483  was  issued  citing  a need to
re-perform  four  method  validations  to  generate  data in the  New  Brunswick
Laboratories.  These  validations  had been performed at another site also owned
and operated by us prior to  transferring  the  equipment to New  Brunswick.  We
anticipate  that the validations  will be re-performed  and completed at the New
Brunswick site within three months.

         The FDA conducted a field inspection at Hollister-Stier Laboratories in
Spokane, Washington in mid-2008 (June 19 to July 2, 2008). The Ampligen(R) final
fill  operations  are  performed  under  contract  with   Hollister-Stier.   The
inspection resulted in a Form FDA 483 with two observations dealing with reviews
and validations of process  variability.  We are working with Hollister-Stier to
finalize specific actions.

         On  September  19,  2008,  we  executed  an  agreement   with  Lovelace
Respiratory  Research  Institute in  Albuquerque,  New Mexico to perform certain
animal  toxic  studies in support of our  Ampligen(R)  NDA.  These  studies were
requested by the FDA and will be done in collaboration with the resources of the
New Brunswick facility. We expect these studies to be complete in April 2009.

         We are also  engaged in ongoing,  experimental  studies  assessing  the
efficacy of  Ampligen(R),  Alferon N  Injection(R),  and  Alferon(R) LDO against
influenza  viruses as a single  adjuvant agent  antiviral with Japan's  National
Institute of Infectious  disease,  Biken (the non-profit  operational arm of the
Foundation  for  Microbial  Diseases  of  Osaka  University)  and St.  Vincent's
Hospital  in  Darlinghurst,  Australia.  As a result  of  focusing  our  limited
resources on the Australian and Japanese  studies,  no further  experiments have
been  undertaken  by the Defence R&D Canada  with  respect to their  independent
study  assessing  the efficacy of  Ampligen(R)  against  Influenza  viruses as a
single agent antiviral.

         The Biken  arrangement  was  concluded in December  2007 and  basically
consists of Biken  purchasing  Ampligen(R) for use in conducting  further animal
studies of intranasal  prototype  vaccines  containing  antigens from  influenza
sub-types  H1N1,  H3N2 and B  progressing  to human  studies  with all  programs
supported by the Japanese Health Ministry. Under the terms of the non--exclusive
licensing  arrangement,  we will  receive  royalties  as well as income  for all
Ampligen(R) used in the ongoing  experimental work and any subsequent  marketing
of Ampligen(R) as an immuno-enhancer for flu vaccines delivered  intranasally in
Japan.  To date,  only two or three pharma  companies  worldwide  have  achieved
regulatory  authorizations  to sell  intranasally  (IN)  administered  influenza
vaccines  versus many companies  receiving  approval for  intramuscular  vaccine
delivery routes.  Safety has been paramount in developing effective  treatments.
However, animal studies to date indicate Ampligen(R),  an experimental drug, may
be safely administered intranasally.  Clinical studies (in other disorders) have
<PAGE> 36
built a  database  of more than  90,000  injections  of  Ampligen(R)  when given
parenterally  (intravenous,  or "IV"). In June 2008, Biken notified us they were
accelerating their program and were shipped additional  Ampligen(R) supplies for
various  preclinical  vaccine  studies  and  research  projects  that  remain in
progress.  A  secondary  goal of the  trial is to  evaluate  whether  antibodies
stimulated  by  the  vaccine/Ampligen(R)  combination  also  provide  protection
against  H5N1,  the  avian  influenza  virus.   Since  2003,  the  World  Health
Organization  has confirmed 407 cases and attributed 254 human deaths  worldwide
to H5N1.  Investigators  from  Japan's  Institute  of  Infectious  Disease  have
conducted  studies in animals  that  suggest that  Ampligen(R)  can  stimulate a
sufficiently broad immune response to provide  cross-protection  against a range
of virus strains, including H5N1.

         The clinical  trial in Australia is using  Ampligen(R)  in  combination
with  seasonal  flu  vaccine.   This  open-label  study  (Phase  IIa)  utilizing
Ampligen(R) (Poly I: Poly C12U) as a potential  immune-enhancer was conducted in
Australia  with  thirty-eight  subjects  age 60 or  greater  with  the  standard
trivalent   seasonal   influenza   vaccines.    Ampligen(R)   was   administered
subcutaneously.   Elderly  subjects  typically  have  reduced  immune  responses
relative to younger  populations.  The  combinational  treatment  was  generally
well-tolerated.  Serologic  studies to evaluate  the  magnitude  and spectrum of
immune response are pending and are expected by mid-2009;  however, only certain
labs are  qualified to conduct these tests and during the course of the clinical
testing,  one of these testing labs changed ownership.  We are in the process of
determining  that the  methodology  remained  validated and consistent  with the
pilot results  obtained about a year earlier with a smaller group  consisting of
the first 8 enrolled subjects.

         As reported in the Journal of American  Medical  Association in 2003 by
Thompson,  Shay,  Weintraub,  Brammer,  Cox, Anderson, et al. seasonal influenza
kills approximately 36,000 Americans annually,  most over the age of 70. In 2004
in JAMA, the same authors attributed 200,000 U.S. hospital  admissions  annually
to seasonal flu.

         Collaboration studies in non-human primates conducted by ViroClinics in
the  Netherlands  suggest a potential  role for  Alferon(R) LDO as another novel
therapeutic approach to viral pandemics.  Meetings with prospective partners are
underway with respect to conducting  clinical  trials using Alferon LDO to treat
and/or prevent seasonal  influenza in the Pacific Rim countries.  Alferon LDO is
now poised for clinical trials against seasonal  influenza  epidemics;  meetings
with prospective  partners are ongoing to conduct clinical trials in the Pacific
Rim countries and elsewhere. The opportunity for Alferon(R) LDO is reinforced by
new reports of severe side effects secondary to Tamiflu, the present standard of
care, by both the FDA and Japanese health  authorities.  Also, Tamiflu resistant
strains of flu virus are now raising serious concerns on a world-wide basis.
<PAGE> 37
General and Administrative Expenses

         General and Administrative ("G&A") expenses for the twelve months ended
December  31,  2007 and  2008  were  approximately  $8,974,000  and  $6,478,000,
respectively,  reflecting  a decrease  of  $2,496,000  or 28%  primarily  due to
reductions in the cost of non-cash Stock  Compensation  of $1,718,000,  Director
Fees for $137,000,  Impairment  Charges of $526,000,  Accounting Fees of $34,000
and various other general administrative  expenses that were partially offset by
an increase  of Legal Fees for  $635,000  resulting  from  litigation  to settle
existing suits.

         In 2007,  we  incurred  impairment  charges  amounting  to  $526,000 as
compared to no such charges in the current  year.  The primary  reason for these
charges stemmed from the $228,000 write-down of a water purification system that
was determined to be  unnecessary at our New Jersey  facility due to a change in
manufacturing  plans.  Additionally  in  2007,  we wrote  down the  value of our
intangible  asset  associated  with the  repurchase of a 6% Royalty on Alferon N
Injection(R)  sales by  $298,000.  We  determined  in 2007  that we did not have
sufficient inventory on hand to realize the full economic benefit of this asset;
therefore, it was written down to its net realizable value.

Reversal of Previously Accrued Interest Expense

         In September 2007, and increase of $346,00 in other income occurred due
to the  reversal  of  accrued  liquidated  damages  in 2006 with  respect to our
debentures  holders.  These damages related to certain debenture  covenants were
settled without charge in the maturation and pay down of the debenture  holder's
outstanding loan balance in 2007.

Interest and Other Income

         Interest and other income for the year ended December 31, 2007 and 2008
was $1,200,000 and $592,000,  respectively,  representing a decrease of $608,000
or 51%. The decrease in interest and other income during the current  period was
mainly  due to a  reduction  in  funds  available  for  Short  Term  Investments
compounded by the lower interest rates.

Interest Expense and Financing Costs

         We had no interest  expense or non-cash  financing costs for the twelve
months  ended  December  31, 2008 as compared to $396,000  for the same period a
year ago. The expenses reflected for the year ended 2007 reflect financing costs
and interest charges related to our convertible debentures which matured in June
2007 when all outstanding loan balances were paid.


Year ended December 31, 2006 versus December 31, 2007

Net loss

         Our net loss of  approximately  $18,139,000 for the year ended December
31,  2007  was  6.5%  lower  when  compared  to the same  period  in 2006.  This
$1,260,000 reduction in loss was primarily due to:

1)            Higher Interest and Other Income of approximately  $646,000 mainly
              due to higher  interest earned upon the maturity of our marketable
              securities as compared to the same period a year ago;
<PAGE> 38
2)            Lower  interest  expense and  financing  costs of $863,000 in 2007
              relating to the  amortization of debt discounts on our convertible
              debentures and the incurring of liquidated damages in 2006 payable
              to our debenture  holders resulting from us failing to timely file
              our 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K; and

3)            An  increase  of  $346,000  in other  income due to a reversal  of
              accrued  liquidated damages in 2006 with respect to our debentures
              holders as a result of our  failure to timely file our 2005 Annual
              Report on Form 10-K.  These damages  related to certain  debenture
              covenants settled without charge in the maturation and pay down of
              the debenture holder's outstanding loan balances in 2007.

         Net loss per share was $(0.25) for the current  period  versus  $(0.31)
for the same period in 2006.

Revenues

         Revenues  for the year  ended  December  31,  2007 were  $1,059,000  as
compared to revenues of $933,000 for the same period in 2006.  Ampligen(R)  sold
under the cost recovery  clinical  program was down $49,000 or 27% and Alferon N
Injection(R)  sales were up $175,000  or 23% as  compared  to the prior  period.
Ampligen(R)  sold  under the cost  recovery  clinical  program  is a product  of
physicians  and ME/CFS  patients  applying to us to enroll in the program.  This
program  has been in effect for  several  years and is  offered  as a  treatment
option  to  patients  severely  affected  by CFS.  As the name  "cost  recovery"
implies, we have no gain or profit on these sales. The benefits to us include 1)
physicians and patients  becoming familiar with Ampligen(R) and 2) collection of
clinical data relating to the patients' treatment and results.

         We  altered  our  marketing  strategy  for  Alferon N  Injection(R)  by
relaunching  the  product  via  a  collaborative  marketing  initiative  between
Hemispherx and a national  Specialty  Pharmacy  network  encompassing  specialty
pharmacists,  pharmacies  and targeted  physician  specialists.  This effort was
intended  to focus our efforts in the most  appropriate  and  productive  market
segment for the product.  While  Alferon N dollar  sales are up from 2006,  unit
sales are down which reflects the effect of the price increase put into place in
February 2007.

Production costs/cost of goods sold

         Production/cost  of goods sold was  approximately  $930,000  during the
current  period  representing  a decrease  of  approximately  $345,000 or 27% as
compared to the same period in 2006.  This  decrease was  primarily due to lower
production costs of $199,000 relating to excess  production  capacity during the
prior  period as more  effort  was  directed  toward  Ampligen(R)  research  and
development  and the NDA;  and a decrease  in costs of goods  sold of  $146,000.
Costs of goods sold for the year ended  December  31, 2006 and 2007 was $527,000
and $381,000, respectively.

         The primary  reason for the decrease can be attributed to a decrease in
unit sales in the  current  year versus the prior year.  We  outsourced  certain
components of our overall research and development, manufacturing, marketing and
distribution  while  maintaining  control  over the entire  process  through our
quality assurance group and our clinical monitoring group.

Research and Development costs

         Overall research and development  costs for the year ended December 31,
2007 were  $10,444,000 as compared to $10,127,000 for the same period a year ago
<PAGE> 39
representing an increase of $317,000 or 3%. These costs are primarily related to
the  collection  and  processing  of  clinical  data,  including  the  costs  of
establishing our in-house polymer production facility and the costs of preparing
and  completing  our NDA for the use of Ampligen(R) in treating CFS. The year to
year  increase  can  be  basically  attributed  to an  increase  in  the  use of
consultants related to the preparation of our Ampligen(R) NDA.

         Our primary focus in 2007 was on the  preparation  of the NDA for using
Ampligen(R) to treat patients affected with CFS. In addition,  we documented our
polymer production  process in anticipation of an FDA inspection.  Three lots of
liquid  Ampligen(R) were produced for use in testing and stability  studies.  We
finalized the filing of our Ampligen(R) NDA on October 7, 2007.

         Much of our R&D cost is related to  production  of raw materials at our
new  production  line  installed at our New  Brunswick  facility.  This facility
produces  Poly  I and  Poly  C12U  for  use  by  Hollister-Stier  (our  contract
manufacturer) in the manufacture of Ampligen(R). The first pilot production runs
are being used for stability testing. Later commercial sized runs are being used
for process validation and clinical use.

         In  addition,  we are  engaged in broad  based,  ongoing,  experimental
studies  assessing  the efficacy of  Ampligen(R),  Alferon N  Injection(R),  and
Alferon LDO against influenza viruses as an adjuvant single agent antiviral with
Defence R&D Canada, Japan's National Institute of Infectious disease, Biken (the
non-profit  operational  arm of the Foundation  for Microbial  Diseases of Osaka
University) and St. Vincent's Hospital in Darlinghurst, Australia.

          The Biken  arrangement  was  concluded in December  2007 and basically
consists of Biken purchasing  Ampligen(R) from us for use in conducting  further
animal  studies  of  intranasal  prototype  vaccines  containing  antigens  from
influenza  sub-types  H1N1,  H3N2 and B  progressing  to human  studies with all
programs  supported  by the  Japanese  Health  Ministry.  Under the terms of the
non--exclusive  licensing  arrangement,  we will  receive  royalties  as well as
income  for  all  Ampligen(R)  used in the  ongoing  experimental  work  and any
subsequent  marketing  of  Ampligen(R)  as an  immuno-enhancer  for flu vaccines
delivered intranasally in Japan. To date, only 2 or 3 pharma companies worldwide
have achieved  regulatory  authorizations to sell intranasally (IN) administered
influenza  vaccines versus many companies  receiving  approval for intramuscular
vaccine  delivery  routes.  Safety has been  paramount in  developing  effective
treatments.   However,   animal  studies  to  date  indicate   Ampligen(R),   an
experimental drug, may be safely administered intranasally. Clinical studies (in
other  disorders)  have  built a  database  of more than  90,000  injections  of
Ampligen(R) when given parenterally (intravenous, or "IV").

         In September 2007,  Japan's  National  Institute of Infectious  Disease
("JNIID") initiated research on the  co-administration  of JNIID's HIV-1 vaccine
with our experimental TLR3 agonist a substance that binds to a specific receptor
and  triggers  a  host  defense  response  in the  cell)  and  immune  enhancer,
Ampligen(R).  This  research  is the result of  earlier  research  suggesting  a
potential  role for  Ampligen(R)  in  boosting  responses  to  certain  vaccines
designed to combat  avian  influenza  (Bird Flu) as well as  seasonal  influenza
viruses.  The  objective of this  research is to determine  if  Ampligen(R)  can
overcome the historical problem which has handicapped AIDS vaccine  development,
namely marginal  immune response which  undermines the potential of long-lasting
protection.  Ampligen(R)  will be  combined  with HIV  recombinant  protein  and
administered via an intranasal route.

         In June  2007,  we  initiated  a  clinical  trial  in  Australia  using
Ampligen(R) in combination  with seasonal flu vaccine.  This trial,  expected to
<PAGE> 40
continue for several months, is being conducted in Australia's winter season and
focuses on populations at risk for virulent cases of influenza, especially those
over the age of 60 years who historically may have weakened immune systems.  The
Australian clinical trial was prompted by the results from the pre-clinical work
conducted by the JNIID (see above). Thirty patients were enrolled in this study,
which utilized a two dose  Ampligen(R)  regimen of 2 mg per dose. This study was
monitored by Clinical Network Services Pty. Ltd. located in Brisbane, Australia.
The clinical  trials center of St.  Vincent's  Hospital  based in  Darlinghurst,
Australia  conducted  the trial.  The clinical data from this trial is currently
being analyzed with the results expected by mid-2009.

         The CDC  reports  that the  number of  mosquito-borne  West Nile  Virus
("WNV")  infections in the United States is "up sharply" over the same period in
2006.  This increased  infection rate has accelerated the enrollment of patients
in our Phase IIb clinical  trial using Alferon  N(TM) to treat WNV patients.  In
lab studies, Alferon(R) N, a natural cocktail of eight alpha-interferons,  shows
synergistic  effects  (up to 100  fold  over  recombinant  interferons)  against
pathogens  such as WNV.  The  Phase  IIb  clinical  trial  is a  double-blinded,
randomized,  multi-center  program under the direction of Cornell University and
Weill Cornell Medical College/New York Hospital.

General and Administrative Expenses

         General and Administrative ("G&A") expenses for the year ended December
31, 2006 and 2007 were  approximately  $8,225,000 and $8,974,000,  respectively,
reflecting an increase of $749,000 or 9%. This increase related  primarily to an
increase in legal and  professional  fees of $325,000  primarily due to on-going
litigation involving  Bioclones,  increase in travel related expenses of $87,000
and increases in salaries and wages of $398,000  mainly  resulting from the hire
of our chief operating  officer during the 4th quarter 2006.  These increases in
general  and  administrative  costs  were  offset  by lower  accounting  fees of
$545,000 in 2007.  The decrease in accounting  fees was primarily due to charges
incurred by us in 2006 related to the  restatements to our financial  statements
in 2005. Lastly, we incurred  impairment losses in 2007 amounting to $526,000 as
compared  to no such  charges in the prior year.  The  primary  reason for these
charges stemmed from the $228,000 write-down of a water purification system that
was determined to be  unnecessary at our New Jersey  facility due to a change in
manufacturing  plans.  In  addition,  we wrote down the value of our  intangible
asset  associated  with the  repurchase  of a 6% Royalty on Alferon N  Injection
sales by $298,000.  We determined that we did not have  sufficient  inventory on
hand to realize  the full  economic  benefit of this  asset;  therefore,  it was
written down to its net realizable value.

Reversal of Previously Accrued Interest Expense

         Reversal of previously  accrued  interest  expense was $346,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2007.  This item,  classified as other income,  resulted
from the  reversal of accrued  liquidated  damages in 2006  related to a certain
covenant in our debenture agreements. These charges were incurred as a result of
our failure to timely file our 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our report on
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2006 with the SEC pursuant to
the  1934  Act.  These  liquidated  damages  were  not  included  as part of the
maturation and pay down of the debenture holder's outstanding loan balances.

Interest and Other Income

         Interest and other income for the year ended December 31, 2006 and 2007
increased  approximately $646,000 as compared to the same period a year earlier.
The increase in interest and other income  during the current  period was mainly
due to higher interest earned upon the maturity of our marketable  securities as
compared to the same period a year ago.
<PAGE> 41
Interest Expense and Financing Costs

         Interest  expense  and  non-cash  financing  costs  were  approximately
$396,000  for the year ended  December 31, 2007 versus  $1,259,000  for the same
period a year ago.  The main reason for the  decrease  in  interest  expense and
financing  costs of $863,000 or 69% can be attributed to decreased  amortization
charges  on debt  discounts  and the  incurring  of  liquidated  damages in 2006
payable to our debenture  holders  resulting from our failure to timely file our
2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K as we were in violation of provisions within our
debenture agreements.  These debentures matured in June 2007 and all outstanding
loan balances were paid off.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

         Cash used in operating  activities for the year ended December 31, 2008
was $9,358,000  reflecting mainly expenditures for the preparation and filing of
the Ampligen(R)  NDA. Cash provided by investing  activities for the year ending
December  31,  2008,  amounted to  $3,736,000,  primarily  from the  maturity of
short-term investments. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended
December 31, 2008 amounted to $270,000, basically from the sale of common stock.
As of  February  28,  2009 we had  approximately  $5,734,000  in cash  and  cash
equivalents and short-term investments, or a decrease of approximately 6.3% from
December 31, 2008.

         Given the harsh economic  conditions,  we have reviewed every aspect of
our operations for cost and spending reductions to assure the long-term survival
of our Company while maintaining the resources  necessary to achieve our primary
objectives  of obtaining  NDA approval of  Ampligen(R)  and securing a strategic
partner.  We  believe,  but cannot  assure,  that our  current  funds  should be
sufficient to meet our operating cash  requirements for the next 16 months as we
have  taken the steps  discussed  below to  curtail  discretionary  spending  to
conserve  cash and  reduce our  monthly  burn  rate.  Please  see Item 1A.  Risk
Factors, "We may require additional financing which may not be available."

         In an effort to  conserve  Company  cash,  the  Employee  Wage Or Hours
Reduction Program (the "Program") was ratified by the Board effective January 1,
2009.  In a mandatory  program  that is  estimated to be in effect for up to six
months,  compensation  of all active  full-time  employees as of January 1, 2009
("Participants")  were reduced through a reduction in their wages for which they
would be eligible to receive  shares of our common  stock  ("Stock")  six months
after the shares were earned.  While all employees  were also offered the option
to reduce their work hours with a  proportional  decease in wages,  none elected
this  alternative.  For  more  information,   please  see  "Item  11.  Executive
Compensation;  Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis;  Elements  of  Executive
Compensation; Other Compensation."

          In  addition,  certain  vendors and service  providers  have agreed to
accept shares of our Common Stock as partial payment of their bills. In 2008, we
issued 3,017,276 shares of common stock for services rendered.
<PAGE> 42
         Notwithstanding our cost and spending reduction activities, we may need
to raise  additional funds through  additional  equity or debt financing or from
other  sources  in order to  complete  the  necessary  clinical  trials  and the
regulatory  approval  processes  including the  commercializing  of  Ampligen(R)
products.  There can be no  assurances  that we will raise  adequate  funds from
these  or  other  sources,   especially   considering   current  adverse  market
conditions,  which may have a material  adverse effect on our ability to develop
our products.  Any  additional  funding may result in  significant  dilution and
could involve the issuance of securities with rights,  which are senior to those
of existing  stockholders.  We may also need  additional  funding  earlier  than
anticipated,  and our cash  requirements,  in general,  may vary materially from
those now planned,  for reasons  including,  but not limited to,  changes in our
research  and   development   programs,   clinical   trials,   competitive   and
technological  advances,  the regulatory  process,  and higher than  anticipated
expenses and lower than anticipated revenues from certain of our clinical trials
for which cost recovery from participants has been approved.

         We have been using the proceeds from  financing to fund  infrastructure
growth including  manufacturing,  regulatory  compliance and market development.
Due to current  market  conditions,  we have been unable to  consistently  raise
funds  pursuant  to the terms of the  Fusion  Purchase  Agreement  (see  "Equity
Financing" below).

Standby Financing Agreement

         In  February  2009,  we  entered  into a  Standby  Financing  Agreement
pursuant to which certain individuals ("Individuals"),  consisting of Dr. Carter
and Thomas  Equels,  agreed to loan us up to an aggregate of $1,000,000 in funds
should we be unable to obtain additional financing, if needed. Under the Standby
Financing Agreement,  we will use our best efforts in 2009 to obtain one or more
additional  financing  agreements  on  such  terms  as  our  Board  deems  to be
reasonable and appropriate in order to maintain our  operations.  If at any time
after December 1, 2009 and prior to June 30, 2010 a majority of our  independent
Directors  deems that in the event a financing  of at least $2.5 Million has not
been obtained and  additional  funds are needed to maintain our  operations,  we
will send a  written  notice to each of the  Individuals  informing  them of the
total amount of additional  funds required and the specific  amount that will be
required from each Individual. Within fifteen calendar days after receipt of the
notice,  the Individuals will be required to pay us their respective  amount. We
will then issue to them one year 15% senior  secured notes for their  respective
amounts  (the  "Notes").  Interest  will be paid  monthly in our  Common  Stock.
Repayment of the principal  and interest  under the Notes will be secured by all
of our assets.  We will not, without the consent of the  Individuals,  (i) incur
any new debt  senior  or pari  passu to the  Notes or (ii)  encumber  or grant a
security  interest in any assets.  Upon 20 business days written notice,  we may
prepay the Notes in cash at any time at 105% of the then  outstanding  principal
amount of the Notes, plus any accrued but unpaid interest.

         For agreeing to be obligated to loan us money, each Individual received
10 year warrants (the "Commitment Warrants") to purchase our common stock at the
rate of $50,000 worth in warrants per $100,000 committed.  The exercise price of
these warrants is $0.51 (125% of the market closing price of our Common Stock on
the date that Agreement was executed. These warrants vested immediately.  If and
when we notify the Individuals that we are  consummating the Standby  Financing,
upon  each  Individual's  payment  of his  committed  amount,  he  will  receive
additional  10 year warrants to purchase our Common Stock at the rate of $50,000
worth in warrants per $100,000  paid. The exercise price of the warrants will be
<PAGE> 43
the  closing  market  price of our Common  Stock on the day we receive the funds
from the Individuals. These warrants will vest immediately. While any portion of
the Notes are outstanding,  Individuals will have weighted average anti-dilution
rights with regard to the exercise price of all warrants  issued pursuant hereto
except  that  these  rights  will not  apply if the  securities  are  issued  to
employees,  Board members,  corporate and scientific  advisors,  select vendors,
pursuant to our current  agreement with Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC or part of a
corporate or strategic alliance.

Equity Financing

         In July 2008,  we entered  into a $30  million  Common  Stock  Purchase
Agreement  (the  "Purchase   Agreement")   with  Fusion  Capital  Fund  II,  LLC
("Fusion"),  an Illinois limited liability  company.  Concurrently with entering
into the Purchase  Agreement,  we entered into a registration  rights  agreement
with  Fusion.  Pursuant  to  the  registration  rights  agreement,  we  filed  a
registration  statement related to the transaction with the U.S.  Securities and
Exchange  Commission ("SEC") covering 21,300,000 shares that have been issued or
may be issued to Fusion under the Purchase Agreement. The SEC declared effective
the registration statement on August 12, 2008. We have the right over a 25 month
period to sell our shares of common stock to Fusion from time to time in amounts
between $120,000 and $1 million depending on certain  conditions as set forth in
the agreement,  up to a maximum of $30 million. The purchase price of the shares
related to the $30.0 million of future  funding will be based on the  prevailing
market prices of our shares at the time of sales as computed  under the Purchase
Agreement without any fixed discount,  and we will control the timing and amount
of any  sales of  shares  to  Fusion.  Fusion  shall  not have the  right or the
obligation  to purchase  any shares of our common stock on any business day that
the price of our common stock is below $0.40.  Recently, the price of our common
stock has consistently fallen been below $0.40 and,  accordingly,  no additional
sales can be made to Fusion  unless and until the price rises to $0.40 per share
or better for 12  consecutive  business  days.  The  Purchase  Agreement  may be
terminated by us at any time at our discretion without any cost to us. There are
no negative covenants,  restrictions on future funding,  penalties or liquidated
damages in the  agreement.  In  consideration  for  entering  into the  Purchase
Agreement,  upon execution of the Purchase Agreement we issued to Fusion 650,000
shares as a commitment  fee.  Also,  we will issue to Fusion up to an additional
650,000  shares  as a  commitment  fee pro rata as we  receive  up to the  $30.0
million of future funding.

         Under  the  rules of the NYSE  Alternext  US, we may issue no more than
14,823,651 shares (19.99% of our outstanding shares as of July 2, 2008, the date
of the purchase agreement) without first obtaining the approval of stockholders.
That  approval was obtained on November  11, 2008.  As of December 31, 2008,  we
have executed  transactions  pursuant the Fusion Stock Purchase Agreement valued
at $270,000 and 1,211,122  shares,  which includes 650,000 shares as the initial
fee for the financing.

         The proceeds from this financing have been used to fund  infrastructure
growth including manufacturing, regulatory compliance and market development.

         In April 2006 we entered into a prior common stock  purchase  agreement
with Fusion,  pursuant to which we sold an aggregate  of  10,682,032  shares for
total gross proceeds of approximately  $19,739,000 through November,  2007. This
agreement expired on July 31, 2008.

         Because of our long-term  capital  requirements,  we may seek to access
the public equity market  whenever  conditions are favorable,  even if we do not
<PAGE> 44
have an immediate  need for  additional  capital at that time. In this regard we
also  have  previously  registered  $50,000,000  worth  of our  securities  in a
universal  shelf  registration  statement,  none of which has been designated or
issued.  We are unable to estimate the amount,  timing or nature of future sales
of outstanding  common stock or instruments  convertible into or exercisable for
our common stock. Any additional funding may result in significant  dilution and
could involve the issuance of securities with rights,  which are senior to those
of existing  stockholders.  We may also need  additional  funding  earlier  than
anticipated,  and our cash  requirements,  in general,  may vary materially from
those now planned,  for reasons  including,  but not limited to,  changes in our
research  and   development   programs,   clinical   trials,   competitive   and
technological advances, the regulatory processes,  including the commercializing
of Ampligen(R) products.

         There can be no assurances that we will raise adequate funds from these
or other  sources,  which may have a material  adverse  effect on our ability to
develop  our  products.  Also,  we have the  ability  to  curtail  discretionary
spending,  including some research and  development  activities,  if required to
conserve cash.



                                              (dollars in thousands)
                                           Obligations Expiring by Period
Contractual Cash Obligations
                      Total       2009               2010                2011

Operating Leases      $229        $171                $58                $-0-
                      ----        ----                ---                ----

Total                 $229        $171                $58                $-0-
                      ====        ====                ===                ====


New Accounting Pronouncements

         Refer to "Note 2(l) - Recent Accounting  Standards and  Pronouncements"
under Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Disclosure About Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

None.

Critical Accounting Policies

         Financial  Reporting Release No. 60 requires all companies to include a
discussion of critical accounting policies or methods used in the preparation of
financial statements.  Our significant  accounting policies are described in the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  The significant accounting policies
that we believe are most  critical to aid in fully  understanding  our  reported
financial results are the following:

Revenue

         Revenue  from the sale of  Ampligen(R)  under  cost  recovery  clinical
treatment  protocols  approved by the FDA is  recognized  when the  treatment is
provided to the patient.
<PAGE> 45
         Revenues  from the sale of product are  recognized  when the product is
shipped,  as title is transferred to the customer.  We have no other  obligation
associated with our products once shipment has occurred.

Inventories

         We use the lower of first-in,  first-out ("FIFO") cost or market method
of accounting for inventory.

Patents and Trademarks

         Patents and  trademarks are stated at cost  (primarily  legal fees) and
are amortized using the  straight-line  method over the estimated useful life of
17 years. We review our patents and trademark  rights  periodically to determine
whether  they have  continuing  value.  Such review  includes an analysis of the
patent  and  trademark's  ultimate  revenue  and  profitability   potential.  In
addition,  management's  review  addresses  whether each patent continues to fit
into our strategic business plans.

Stock Based Compensation


         Under FAS 123R, share-based  compensation cost is measured at the grant
date,  based on the  estimated  fair value of the award,  and is  recognized  as
expense over the  requisite  service  period.  We adopted the  provisions of FAS
123R, effective January 1, 2006, using a modified prospective application. Under
this  method,  compensation  cost is  recognized  for all  share-based  payments
granted,  modified  or settled  after the date of  adoption,  as well as for any
unvested  awards that were granted prior to the date of adoption.  Prior periods
are not revised for comparative purposes. Because we previously adopted only the
pro forma  disclosure  provisions  of FAS 123, we  recognize  compensation  cost
relating  to the  unvested  portion  of  awards  granted  prior  to the  date of
adoption,  using the same  estimate  of the  grant-date  fair value and the same
attribution  method used to determine the pro forma  disclosures  under FAS 123,
except that forfeiture  rates are estimated for all options,  as required by FAS
123R. The cumulative effect of applying the forfeiture rates is not material.

         The fair value of each option  award is  estimated on the date of grant
using a Black-Scholes  option valuation model.  Expected  volatility is based on
the  historical  volatility  of the price of our  common  stock.  The  risk-free
interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury issues with a term equal to the expected
life of the option.  We use uses historical data to estimate  expected  dividend
yield, expected life and forfeiture rates.

Concentration of Credit Risk

         Our  policy  is to limit  the  amount  of  credit  exposure  to any one
financial   institution  and  place  investments  with  financial   institutions
evaluated as being credit  worthy,  or in short-term  money  markets,  which are
exposed to minimal  interest  rate and credit risks.  At and since  December 31,
2008, we have had bank deposits and overnight repurchase  agreements that exceed
federally insured limits.

         Concentration  of credit risk, with respect to receivables,  is limited
through  our credit  evaluation  process.  We do not require  collateral  on our
receivables.  Our receivables  consist principally of amounts due from wholesale
drug companies as of December 31, 2007 and 2008.
<PAGE> 46
         Sales to three large wholesalers represented  approximately 68% and 77%
of our total sales for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2008, respectively.

Item 7A.      Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

         We had  approximately  $6,119,000  in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  at
December 31, 2008. To the extent that our cash and cash  equivalents  exceed our
near term  funding  needs,  we invest the excess  cash in three to twelve  month
interest  bearing  financial  instruments.  We employ  established  conservative
policies and procedures to manage any risks with respect to investment exposure.

          We have not entered into,  and do not expect to enter into,  financial
instruments for trading or hedging purposes.

ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

         The  consolidated  balance sheets as of December 31, 2007 and 2008, and
our consolidated  statements of operations,  changes in stockholders' equity and
comprehensive loss and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period
ended  December 31, 2008,  together with the report of McGladrey & Pullen,  LLP,
independent  registered  public  accountants,  is  included  at the  end of this
report.  Reference is made to the "Index to Financial  Statements  and Financial
Statement Schedule" on page F-1.


ITEM  9.  Changes  in and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
Financial Disclosures.

None.

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures.

Effectiveness of Control Procedures

         As of December 31, 2008,  the end of the period covered by this report,
we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of
our management,  including our Chief  Executive  Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer,  of the  effectiveness  of the design and  operation of our  disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)  promulgated
under the  Securities  Act of 1934,  as amended,  as of December 31,  2008.  Our
disclosure  controls and procedures are intended to ensure that the  information
we are  required to disclose  in the  reports  that we file or submit  under the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934 is (i)  recorded,  processed,  summarized  and
reported  within  the  time  periods   specified  in  the  Securities   Exchange
Commission's  rules and  forms  and (ii)  accumulated  and  communicated  to our
management,  including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial  Officer,
as the principal executive and financial officers,  respectively, to allow final
decisions regarding required  disclosures.  Based on that evaluation,  our Chief
Executive  Officer and Chief Financial  Officer  concluded that the controls and
procedures  were  effective  as of December  31,  2008 to ensure  that  material
information was accumulated  and  communicated to our management,  including our
Chief  Executive  Officer and Chief Financial  Officer,  as appropriate to allow
timely decisions  regarding  required  disclosure.  Our management has concluded
that the financial  statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly, in all
material respects our financial  position,  results of operations and cash flows
for the periods  presented in conformity  with accounting  principles  generally
accepted in the United States of America.
<PAGE> 47
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

         We made no changes in our  internal  control over  financial  reporting
during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected,  or are reasonably
likely to materially affect,  our internal control over financial  reporting (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act).

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

         Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as such term is  defined in Rules
13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f),  under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process  designed by, or under the  supervision of, our principal
executive  and  principal  financial  officers  and  affected  by our  Board  of
Directors,  management and other personnel,  and to provide reasonable assurance
regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles.  A company's  internal control over financial  reporting
includes those policies and  procedures  that (i) pertain to the  maintenance of
records  that,  in  reasonable   detail,   accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the
transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  Company;  (ii)provide
reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded as  necessary to permit
preparation  of financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company;  and (iii) provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention or
timely  detection  of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.

         Because of its inherent  limitations,  internal  control over financial
reporting  may not prevent or detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of any
evaluation of  effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls
may become  inadequate  because of changes in conditions,  or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

         Management has assessed the  effectiveness of our internal control over
financial  reporting  as of  December  31,  2008.  In  making  this  assessment,
management  used the  criteria  set forth in the  framework  established  by the
Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of the  Treadway  Commission  Internal
Control--Integrated Framework, (COSO). Based on this assessment,  management has
not  identified  any  material  weaknesses  as of December  31, 2008. A material
weakness is a control deficiency,  or combination of control deficiencies,  that
results in more than a remote  likelihood  that a material  misstatement  of the
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.

         Management  has  concluded  that  we did  maintain  effective  internal
control over financial  reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria
set forth in "Internal Control--Integrated Framework" issued by the COSO.

         Our internal  control over financial  reporting as of December 31, 2008
has been audited by McGladrey and Pullen, LLP, an independent  registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.

ITEM 9B. Other Information.

None.


<PAGE> 48



             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.


We have audited  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.'s internal  control over financial
reporting  as of December 31, 2008,  based on criteria  established  in Internal
Control--Integrated   Framework   issued   by  the   Committee   of   Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.'s
management  is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control over
financial  reporting  and for its  assessment of the  effectiveness  of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted  our audit in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether  effective
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in all  material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial  reporting,  assessing the risk that a material  weakness exists,  and
testing  and  evaluating  the design and  operating  effectiveness  of  internal
control  based on the assessed  risk.  Our audit also included  performing  such
other  procedures as we considered  necessary in the  circumstances.  We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company's  internal control over financial  reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable  assurance  regarding the reliability of financial  reporting
and the preparation of financial  statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial  reporting  includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that, in reasonable  detail,  accurately and fairly
reflect the  transactions  and  dispositions  of the assets of the company;  (b)
provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use, or  disposition  of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent  limitations,  internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. maintained, in all material respects,
effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting as of December 31, 2008
based on criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated  Framework [issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)].
<PAGE> 49
We have also  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight Board (United States),  the December 31, 2008 consolidated
financial  statements of Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. and our report dated March
13, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion.


Blue Bell, Pennsylvania
March 13, 2009

/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP



<PAGE> 50




         PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
         The following  sets forth  biographical  information  about each of our
directors and executive officers as of the date of this report:

         Name                  Age      Position

William A. Carter, M.D.         71       Chairman, Chief Executive Officer

Charles T. Bernhardt, CPA       47       Chief Financial Officer

David R. Strayer, M.D.          63       Medical Director, Regulatory Affairs

Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.           57       VP of Manufacturing Quality and Process
                                         Development

Richard C. Piani                80       Director

Thomas K. Equels                58       Director

Katalin Ferencz-Biro            62       Senior Vice President of Regulatory
                                         Affairs

William M. Mitchell, M.D.       74       Director

Ransom W. Etheridge             69       Secretary and General Counsel

Iraj Eqhbal Kiani, Ph.D.        61       Director

Wayne Springate                 38       Vice President of Operations

Russel Lander                   58       Vice President of Quality Assurance

         Each  director has been elected to serve until the next annual  meeting
of stockholders, or until his earlier resignation, removal from office, death or
incapacity.  Each  executive  officer  serves at the  discretion of the Board of
Directors, subject to rights, if any, under contracts of employment.

WILLIAM A. CARTER, M.D., the co-inventor of Ampligen(R),  joined us in 1978, and
has served as: (a) our Chief Scientific Officer since May 1989; (b) the Chairman
of our Board of Directors  since January 1992; (c) our Chief  Executive  Officer
since July 1993; (d) our President  since April,  1995; and (e) a director since
1987.  From 1987 to 1988,  Dr. Carter  served as our Chairman.  Dr. Carter was a
leading  innovator  in the  development  of human  interferon  for a variety  of
treatment  indications  including various viral diseases and cancer.  Dr. Carter
received the first FDA approval to initiate clinical trials on a beta interferon
product  manufactured  in the U.S. under his  supervision.  From 1985 to October
1988, Dr. Carter served as our Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Scientist.  He
received his M.D.  degree from Duke  University and underwent his  post-doctoral
training at the National Institutes of Health and Johns Hopkins University.  Dr.
Carter also served as Professor  of  Neoplastic  Diseases at  Hahnemann  Medical
University,  a position he held from 1980 to 1998. Dr. Carter served as Director
of Clinical Research for Hahnemann Medical University's Institute for Cancer and
Blood  Diseases,  and as a professor at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and the
State  University  of New  York at  Buffalo.  Dr.  Carter  is a Board  certified
physician and author of more than 200 scientific articles, including the editing
of various textbooks on anti-viral and immune therapy.
<PAGE> 51
CHARLES T.  BERNHARDT is a Certified  Public  Accountant who also has attained a
Masters'  Degree in  Business  Administration.  He is a  graduate  of  Villanova
University  and West Chester  University of  Pennsylvania  who has served as our
Chief Financial Officer since January 1, 2009. Most recently he was the Director
of Accounting for Healthcare  Division of Thomson  Reuters,  an overall  company
with $12 billion annual revenues and 50,000 total world-wide employees, where he
was responsible for their Healthcare Division's accounting operations, including
the  Physicians'  Desk  Reference  business,  as  well as the  shared  financial
services for the Healthcare and Scientific Divisions from 2006 to 2008. He was a
Regional  Controller for Comcast Cable during 1999 to 2002,  Director of Finance
for TelAmerica  Media for 2003 to 2006 and earlier in his career a member of the
Internal  Audit   management   teams  American   Stores   Corporation   and  ICI
Americas/Zenica  (currently AstraZenica  Pharmaceuticals).  In 1986, he became a
C.P.A.  licensed in Pennsylvania  and New Jersey while with public  accounting's
"Big Four" firm of KPMG.

DAVID R.  STRAYER,  M.D.  who served as  Professor  of  Medicine  at the Medical
College of  Pennsylvania  and  Hahnemann  University,  has acted as our  Medical
Director  since 1986.  He is Board  Certified  in Medical  Oncology and Internal
Medicine  with  research  interests  in the fields of cancer  and immune  system
disorders. Dr. Strayer has served as principal investigator in studies funded by
the Leukemia Society of America,  the American Cancer Society,  and the National
Institutes  of  Health.  Dr.  Strayer  attended  the School of  Medicine  at the
University of California at Los Angeles where he received his M.D. in 1972.

CAROL A. SMITH,  Ph.D. is Vice  President of  Manufacturing  Quality and Process
Development  who  has  served  as our  Director  of  Manufacturing  and  Process
Development  from 1995 to 2003, as Director of Operations  from 1993 to 1995 and
as the Manager of Quality Control from 1991 to 1993, with responsibility for the
manufacture,  quality  control,  process  development,  technology  transfer  to
contract  manufacturers  and  the  chemistry  of  Ampligen(R).   Dr.  Smith  was
Scientist/Quality  Assurance Officer for Virotech International,  Inc. from 1989
to 1991 and Director of the Reverse  Transcriptase  and Interferon  Laboratories
and a Clinical  Monitor for Life Sciences,  Inc. from 1983 to 1989. She received
her  Ph.D.  in  Medical  Sciences  with a  concentration  on  Virology  from the
University  of  South  Florida,  College  of  Medicine  in  1980  and was an NIH
post-doctoral  fellow in the  Department  of  Microbiology  and  Virology at the
Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine from 1980 to 1983.

RICHARD C. PIANI has been a director  since 1995. Mr. Piani has been employed as
a principal  delegate for Industry to the City of Science and  Industry,  Paris,
France, a billion dollar scientific and educational  complex. Mr. Piani provided
consulting to us in 1993,  with respect to general  business  strategies for our
European operations and markets. Mr. Piani served as Chairman of Industrielle du
Batiment-Morin,  a building materials corporation, from 1986 to 1993. Previously
Mr. Piani was a Professor of International Strategy at Paris Dauphine University
from 1984 to 1993.  From 1979 to 1985,  Mr.  Piani  served as Group  Director in
Charge of International  and Commercial  Affairs for Rhone-Poulenc and from 1973
to 1979 he was Chairman and Chief Executive  Officer of Societe "La Cellophane",
the French  company  which  invented  cellophane  and  several  other  worldwide
products. Mr. Piani has a Law degree from Faculte de Droit, Paris Sorbonne and a
Business Administration degree from Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales, Paris.

THOMAS K. EQUELS is the President and Managing Director of Equels Law Firm based
in Miami  Florida.  Mr.  Equels legal  practice is focused on  litigation,  with
particular  emphasis  on civil  racketeering  for about 25 years Mr.  Equels has
represented  national  and  state  government  and  companies  in  the  banking,
insurance,  aviation,  pharmaceutical  and construction  industries.  Mr. Equels
<PAGE> 52
received his law degree from Florida  State  University  and he is a graduate of
Troy State  University.  He is a member of the Florida  Bar,  the  American  Bar
Association  and the Academy of Florida Trial  Lawyers.  Along with serving as a
Board member, he continues to serve as the Company's litigation lawyer.

WILLIAM  M.  MITCHELL,  M.D.,  Ph.D.  has been a director  since July 1998.  Dr.
Mitchell  is a  Professor  of  Pathology  at  Vanderbilt  University  School  of
Medicine.  Dr.  Mitchell  earned a M.D. from  Vanderbilt and a Ph.D.  from Johns
Hopkins University,  where he served as an Intern in Internal Medicine, followed
by a Fellowship at its School of Medicine.  Dr.  Mitchell has published over 200
papers, reviews and abstracts dealing with viruses,  anti-viral drugs and immune
responses  to  HIV  infection.  Dr.  Mitchell  has  worked  for  and  with  many
professional  societies,  including  the  International  Society  for  Antiviral
Research,  the American  Society of  Biochemistry  and  Molecular  Biology,  the
American Society of Microbiology and government  review  committees,  among them
the National  Institutes of Health,  AIDS and Related Research Review Group. Dr.
Mitchell previously served as one of our directors from 1987 to 1989.

RANSOM W. ETHERIDGE  presently serves as our secretary and general  counsel.  He
served as a member of our Board of Directors from October 1997 through  November
2008. Mr.  Etheridge  first became  associated  with us in 1980 when he provided
consulting  services to us and participated in negotiations  with respect to our
initial private placement through Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Mr. Etheridge has been
practicing law since 1967, specializing in transactional law. Mr. Etheridge is a
member of the Virginia State Bar, a Judicial  Remedies  Award  Scholar,  and has
served as President of the Tidewater Arthritis  Foundation.  He is a graduate of
Duke  University,  and received his Law degree from the  University  of Richmond
School of Law.

IRAJ EQHBAL KIANI, M.B.A., Ph.D., was appointed to the Board of Directors on May
1, 2002. Dr. Kiani is a citizen of the United States and England that resides in
Newport,  California.  Dr. Kiani served in various  local  government  positions
including  the Mayor and Governor of Yasoi,  Capital of  Boyerahmand,  Iran.  In
1980,  Dr.  Kiani moved to England,  where he  established  and managed  several
trading  companies  over a period of some 20 years.  Dr. Kiani is a planning and
logistic  specialist who is now applying his knowledge and experience to build a
worldwide  immunology network,  which will use our proprietary  technology.  Dr.
Kiani received his Ph.D.  degree from the University of Ferdosi in Iran, ND from
American University.

WAYNE S. SPRINGATE is Vice President of Operations and joined Hemispherx in 2002
as Vice  President of Business  Development.  Mr.  Springate  came on board when
Hemispherx   acquired  Alferon  N  Injection(R)   and  its  New  Brunswick,   NJ
manufacturing  facilities. He led the consolidation of our Rockville facility to
our  New  Brunswick   location  as  well  as   coordinated   the  relocation  of
manufacturing  polymers  from South  Africa to our  production  facility  in New
Brunswick.  He is responsible  for preparing our  Manufacturing  plant for a Pre
Approval  Inspection by the FDA in connection with the filing of our Ampligen(R)
NDA. Previously, Mr. Springate acted as President for World Fashion Concepts. He
oversaw  operations at several locations in the United States and overseas.  Mr.
Springate  assisted  the CEO in details of  operations  on a daily basis and was
involved in all aspects of manufacturing, warehouse management, distribution and
logistics.

KATALIN FERENCZ-BIRO, Ph.D. has served as the Company's Senior Vice President of
Regulatory  Affairs and Quality  Assurance  Departments  since January 2007. She
served as the Director of Regulatory  Affairs and Quality Assurance from 2006 to
2007.  Previously  from 1987 to 2003,  she served  Interferon  Sciences  Inc, in
<PAGE> 53
various  positions  including  Senior  Director of Regulatory  Affairs,  Quality
Control and Quality Assurance Departments, and FDA official for our FDA approved
product,  Alferon  N  Injection(R).  Dr.  Ferencz-Biro  received  her  Ph.D.  in
Chemistry/ Biochemistry in 1972 from the University of Eotvos Lorand,  Budapest,
Hungary,  and her M.S.,  in  Chemistry  and Biology in 1971 from  University  of
Eotvos Lorand,  Budapest,  Hungary. She was a postdoctoral fellow from 1981-1984
in Rutgers University,  Center for Alcohol Studies,  Piscataway, New Jersey. She
is an author and  co-author  of several  scientific  publications,  patents  and
presentations  on the  field  of  biochemistry.  Currently  she is a  member  of
Regulatory Affairs Professionals Society.

RUSSEL J. LANDER,  Ph.D. is Vice President Quality Assurance.  Dr. Lander joined
Hemispherx in 2005,  assuming  responsibility for CMC writing for the NDA filing
of Ampligen(R). He has subsequently served at the New Brunswick site as Director
of Quality  Control  and has  provided  guidance  to the  efforts to improve and
validate  the   manufacturing   process  for  the   synthesis   of   Ampligen(R)
polynucleotide  raw  materials,  Poly I and Poly C12U.  Dr.  Lander was formerly
employed  at Merck and Co.,  Inc.  in the  process  development  groups for drug
development (1977-1991) and vaccines (1991-2005).  Dr. Lander received his Ph.D.
in Chemical/Biochemical  Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania. He has
authored numerous scientific publications and invention disclosures.

On November 27, 2008,  Anthony Bonelli,  left our employment when his employment
agreement  ended.  Mr. Bonelli was President and Chief Operating  Officer of the
Company for two years.

Robert E. Peterson,  our Chief Financial Officer for nearly 20 years, retired as
of December 31, 2008. Mr.  Peterson  retains a position of part-time  consultant
and financial advisor to us.

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

Section  16(a) of the Exchange Act  requires  our  officers and  directors,  and
persons  who  own  more  than  ten  percent  of a  registered  class  of  equity
securities,  to  file  reports  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
reflecting  their  initial  position  of  ownership  on  Form 3 and  changes  in
ownership  on Form 4 or Form 5.  Based  solely on a review of the copies of such
Forms  received by us, we found that,  during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2008, certain of our officers and directors had not complied with all applicable
Section 16(a) filing  requirements on a timely basis with regard to transactions
occurring in 2008. Specifically, Dr. Carter filed one form 4 late concerning one
transaction;   Mr.   Etheridge  filed  three  forms  4  late  concerning   three
transactions;  Mr. Kiani filed three forms 4 late concerning three transactions;
Mr. Piani filed three forms 4 late concerning three  transactions;  Dr. Mitchell
filed four forms 4 late concerning four transactions;  and Dr. Strayer filed one
form 4 late concerning one transaction.

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Expert

The Audit  Committee  of our  Board of  Directors  consists  of  Richard  Piani,
Committee Chairman,  William Mitchell, M.D. and Iraj Eqbal Kiani. Mr. Piani, Dr.
Mitchell,  and Mr.  Kiani are all  determined  by the Board of  Directors  to be
independent directors as required under Section 121B(2)(a) of the NYSE Alternext
US Company Guide. We do not have a financial  expert as defined in the SEC rules
on the committee in the true sense of the description. However, Mr. Piani has 40
years  experience  in  business  and has served in senior  level and  leadership
positions  for  international   businesses.   His  working  experience  includes
reviewing  and  analyzing  financial   statements  and  dealing  with  financial
<PAGE> 54
institutions.  We  believe  Mr.  Piani,  Dr.  Mitchell,  and  Mr.  Kiani  to  be
independent of management and free of any relationship that would interfere with
their  exercise  of  independent  judgment  as  members of this  committee.  The
principal  functions  of the  Audit  Committee  are to (i)  assist  the Board in
fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to the annual independent audit
of our  consolidated  financial  statements and internal  control over financial
reporting,  the engagement of the independent  registered public accounting firm
and the  evaluation  of the  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm's
qualifications,  independence  and  performance,  (ii)  prepare  the  reports or
statements as may be required by NYSE Alternext US or the securities laws, (iii)
assist the Board in  fulfilling  its  oversight  responsibility  relating to the
integrity of our financial  statements and financial  reporting  process and our
system of internal accounting and financial controls, (iv) discuss the financial
statements and reports with management,  including any significant  adjustments,
management  judgments and estimates,  new accounting  policies and disagreements
with management, and (v) review disclosures by our independent registered public
accounting  firm  concerning  relationships  with us and the  performance of our
independent accountants.

Code of Ethics

         Our Board of Directors  adopted a code of ethics and  business  conduct
for officers,  directors  and  employees  that went into effect on May 19, 2003.
This code has been presented,  reviewed and signed by each officer, director and
employee.  You may  obtain  a copy of this  code  by  visiting  our web  site at
www.hemispherx.net  (Corporate Info) or by written request to our office at 1617
JFK Boulevard, Suite 660, Philadelphia, PA 19103.

Item 11. Executive Compensation.

Compensation Discussion and Analysis

Objectives and Philosophy of Executive Compensation

         The primary  objectives of the  compensation  committee of our board of
directors with respect to executive  compensation  are to attract and retain the
most talented and  dedicated  executives  possible,  to tie annual and long-term
cash and stock incentives to achievement of measurable  performance  objectives,
and to align executives'  incentives with stockholder value creation. To achieve
these objectives,  the compensation  committee expects to implement and maintain
compensation  plans  that  tie a  substantial  portion  of  executives'  overall
compensation  to key  strategic  financial  and  operational  goals  such as the
establishment and maintenance of key strategic relationships, the development of
our products,  the  identification and advancement of additional product and the
performance  of our common stock price.  The  compensation  committee  evaluates
individual executive performance with the goal of setting compensation at levels
the committee  believes are  comparable  with  executives in other  companies of
similar size and stage of development  operating in the  biotechnology  industry
while taking into account our relative performance and our own strategic goals.

         Our compensation  plans are developed by utilizing  publicly  available
compensation  data and  subscription  compensation  survey data for national and
regional  companies  in the  biopharmaceutical  industry.  We  believe  that the
practices of this group of companies  provide us with  appropriate  compensation
benchmarks,  because these companies have similar organizational  structures and
tend to compete with us for executives  and other  employees.  For  benchmarking
executive  compensation,  we  typically  review  the  compensation  data we have
<PAGE> 55
collected from the complete group of companies,  as well as a subset of the data
from those companies that have a similar number of employees as our company.  In
past years, we had engaged  independent  outside  consultants to help us analyze
this data and to compare our  compensation  programs  with the  practices of the
companies  represented  in the  compensation  data we review.  However given the
current harsh  economic  conditions and our efforts to conserve cash, we did not
undertake  an  analysis  of  any  compensation  nor  offer  any  incremental  or
performance salary increases for the year-end 2008. Additionally,  the Board did
not approve the award of any bonus for 2008.

Elements of Executive Compensation

Executive compensation consists of the following elements:

Base Salary

         Base salaries for our executives are established  based on the scope of
their responsibilities, taking into account competitive market compensation paid
by other companies for similar positions.  Generally,  we believe that executive
base  salaries  should be targeted  near the median of the range of salaries for
executives  in similar  positions  with similar  responsibilities  at comparable
companies, in line with our compensation philosophy.  Base salaries are reviewed
annually,  and adjusted from time to time to realign salaries with market levels
after  taking  into  account   individual   responsibilities,   performance  and
experience. This review normally occurs in the fourth quarter of each year.

Annual Bonus

         Our   compensation   program   includes   eligibility   for  an  annual
performance-based  cash bonus in the case of all executives and certain  senior,
non-executive  employees.  The amount of the cash bonus  depends on the level of
achievement of the stated  corporate,  department,  and  individual  performance
goals,  with a target bonus  generally  set as a percentage  of base salary.  As
provided in his employment  agreement,  our Chief Executive  Officer is eligible
for an annual performance-based bonus up to 25% of their salaries, the amount of
which,  if any, is determined  by the board of directors in its sole  discretion
based on the recommendation of the compensation committee.

         The  compensation   committee  utilizes  annual  incentive  bonuses  to
compensate  officers  for  achieving  financial  and  operational  goals and for
achieving individual annual performance  objectives.  These objectives will vary
depending on the individual  executive,  but will relate  generally to strategic
factors such as  establishment  and maintenance of key strategic  relationships,
development  of our product,  identification  and research  and  development  of
additional  products,  and to  financial  factors  such as raising  capital  and
improving our results of operations.

         The  Compensation  Committee  and the Board of  Directors  declined  to
awarded  bonuses  for 2008 to any of our  executives,  senior  or  non-executive
employees.

Long-Term Incentive Program

         We believe that long-term  performance is achieved through an ownership
culture that encourages such  performance by our executive  officers through the
use of stock and stock-based  awards.  Our stock plans have been  established to
provide our employees, including our executive officers, with incentives to help
align  those  employees'  interests  with the  interests  of  stockholders.  The
<PAGE> 56
compensation  committee  believes that the use of stock and  stock-based  awards
offers  the  best  approach  to  achieving  our  compensation   goals.  We  have
historically  elected  to use stock  options  as the  primary  long-term  equity
incentive  vehicle.  We have adopted stock  ownership  guidelines  and our stock
compensation plans have provided the principal method, other than through direct
investment  for our  executive  officers to acquire  equity in our  Company.  We
believe  that the  annual  aggregate  value of these  awards  should be set near
competitive median levels for comparable companies.  However, in the early stage
of our  business,  we provided a greater  portion of total  compensation  to our
executives   through  our  stock  compensation  plans  than  through  cash-based
compensation.

Stock Options

         Our stock plans  authorize  us to grant  options to purchase  shares of
common stock to our  employees,  directors  and  consultants.  Our  compensation
committee oversees the administration of our stock option plan. The compensation
committee  reviews and  recommends  approval by our Board of  Directors of stock
option  awards  to  executive  officers  based  upon  a  review  of  competitive
compensation  data, its assessment of individual  performance,  a review of each
executive's  existing  long-term  incentives,   and  retention   considerations.
Periodic  stock  option  grants  are  made at the  discretion  of the  Board  of
Directors  upon  recommendation  of  the  compensation   committee  to  eligible
employees  and,  in  appropriate   circumstances,   the  compensation  committee
considers  the   recommendations   of  members  of  management.   In  2008,  the
Compensation  Committee and the Board authorized the renewal of expiring options
for certain named  executives in the amounts  indicated in the section  entitled
"Stock Option Grants to Executive  Officers." Grants were made to certain of our
employees  based on past  performance,  particularly,  those who worked hard and
diligently on the  preparation of our NDA.  Stock options  granted by us have an
exercise  price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the day of
grant and typically vest over a period of years based upon continued employment,
and generally expire ten years after the date of grant.  Incentive stock options
also  include  certain  other  terms  necessary  to assure  compliance  with the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Internal Revenue Code.

         We expect to  continue to use stock  options as a  long-term  incentive
vehicle because:  (1) Stock options align the interests of executives with those
of the  shareholders,  support a  pay-for-performance  culture,  foster employee
stock  ownership,  and focus the  management  team on  increasing  value for the
shareholders, (2) Stock options are performance based. All the value received by
the  recipient of a stock option is based on the growth of the stock price,  (3)
Stock  options help to provide a balance to the overall  executive  compensation
program as base  salary and our  discretionary  annual  bonus  program  focus on
short-term   compensation,   while  the  vesting  of  stock  options   increases
shareholder  value over the longer  term,  and (4) the  vesting  period of stock
options  encourages  executive  retention and the  preservation  of  shareholder
value.

         In determining the number of stock options to be granted to executives,
we take into account the individual's position, scope of responsibility, ability
to affect profits and shareholder value and the individual's historic and recent
performance  and the value of stock options in relation to other elements of the
individual executive's total compensation.

         Options  granted  under  the  2004  plan  include  1,345,742  in  2006,
3,232,870 in 2007 (including  2,970,000 issued for expiring options) and 687,000
in 2008 (302,000  issued for  unexercised  and expired  options).  Unless sooner
terminated, the Equity Incentive Plan will continue in effect for a period of 10
years from its effective date.
<PAGE> 57
         Our 2004 Equity  Compensation  Plan  authorizes us to grant  restricted
stock  and  restricted  stock  units.  In 2008,  we  issued  755,829  shares  to
consultants and vendors for services rendered in lieu of cash.

         As of December  31, 2008 we had 18,081  shares for future use under the
2004 plan.

         On June 30, 2007 the  stockholders  adopted  the 2007 Equity  Incentive
Plan which  authorizes the issuance of up to 8,000,000  stock options to acquire
common stock pursuant to the terms of the plan.  This Plan also authorizes us to
grant restricted stock and restricted stock units.  1,450,000  options (all were
issued for expiring and unexercised  options) were granted  pursuant to the 2007
plan. In addition,  we issued 201,010 shares of unrestricted stock and 2,434,177
shares in  restricted  stock to  consultants  and  other  vendors  for  services
performed in lieu of cash.

Other Compensation

         Our Chief  Executive  Officer,  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  General
Counsel have employment,  and/or engagement contracts that will remain in effect
until  they are  terminated,  expire,  or are  renegotiated.  Each  contract  is
different with respect to specific benefits or other compensation. We maintain a
broad-based  benefits  program  that  is  provided  to all  employees  including
vacation,  sick  leave and health  insurance.  Details  of these  agreements  is
discussed below.  Notwithstanding  the disclosure below, the executive  officers
are  participating  in the Employee Wage Or Hours Reduction  Program (please see
"Item 11. Executive Compensation; Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Elements
of Executive Compensation; Other Compensation").

         Dr.  Carter's  employment  as our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and Chief
Scientific  Officer expires December 31, 2010 unless sooner terminated for cause
or  disability.  The  agreement  automatically  renews for  successive  one year
periods after the initial  termination date unless we or Dr. Carter give written
notice  otherwise  at least  ninety  days prior to the  termination  date or any
renewal period.  Dr. Carter has the right to terminate the agreement on 30 days'
prior written notice.  The base salary is subject to adjustments and the average
increase  or  decrease  in the  Consumer  Price  Index  for the prior  year.  In
addition,  Dr. Carter could receive an annual  performance bonus of up to 25% of
his base salary,  at the sole  discretion of the  Compensation  Committee of the
board of  directors,  based on his  performance  or our operating  results.  Dr.
Carter will not participate in any discussions  concerning the  determination of
his annual bonus.  Dr. Carter is also entitled to an incentive  bonus of 0.5% of
the gross proceeds received by us from any joint venture or corporate partnering
arrangement.  Dr. Carter's agreement also provides that he be paid a base salary
and  benefits  through the last day of the then term of the  agreement  if he is
terminated without "cause",  as that term is defined in agreement.  In addition,
should Dr. Carter  terminate the agreement or the agreement be terminated due to
his death or disability,  the agreement  provides that Dr. Carter be paid a base
salary and benefits  through the last day of the month in which the  termination
occurred and for an  additional  twelve month  period.  On January 1, 2009,  Dr.
Carter's  compensation as an employee was changed pursuant to our "Employee Wage
Or Hours Reduction  Program"  consistent with an employee  earning over $200,000
per annum to  receive  50% of his wages in  Incentive  Rights on a  three-to-one
conversion basis.

         Our  engagement  of  Dr.  Carter  as a  consultant  related  to  patent
development,  as one of our directors and as chairman of the Executive Committee
<PAGE> 58
of our Board of Directors expires December 31, 2010 unless sooner terminated for
cause or disability.  The agreement automatically renews for successive one year
periods after the initial termination date or any renewal period. Dr. Carter has
the right to terminate the agreement on 30 days' prior written notice.  The base
fee is  subject  to  annual  adjustments  equal to the  percentage  increase  or
decrease of annual  dollar value of  directors'  fees  provided to our directors
during the prior year. The annual fee is further subject to adjustment  based on
the average increase or decrease in the Consumer Price Index for the prior year.
In addition,  Dr. Carter could receive an annual  performance bonus of up to 25%
of his base fee, at the sole  direction  of the  Compensation  Committee  of the
board of directors, based on his performance. Dr. Carter will not participate in
any discussions  concerning the determination of this annual bonus. Dr. Carter's
agreement also provides that he be paid his base fee through the last day of the
then term of the agreement if he is terminated without "cause",  as that term is
defined in the agreement. In addition, should Dr. Carter terminate the agreement
or the agreement be  terminated  due to his death or  disability,  the agreement
provides  that Dr. Carter be paid fees due him through the last day of the month
in which the termination  occurred and for an additional twelve month period. On
January 1, 2009, Dr. Carter's  compensation as a consultant was changed pursuant
to our "Employee Wage Or Hours  Reduction  Program"  consistent with an employee
earning over $200,000 per annum to receive 50% of his fee in Incentive Rights on
a three-to-one conversion basis.

         An  Engagement  Agreement  with  Charles  T.  Bernhardt,  CPA as  Chief
Financial  Officer  (interim)  was  finalized on December 1, 2008 and  effective
January 1, 2009. The agreement calls for an initial salary of $160,000 per annum
and eligibility for the Goal Achievement  Incentive Program.  Additionally,  the
agreement  is based on an  employment  "at will" basis in which either party may
cancel upon two weeks written notice.  Consistent  with the Company's  "Employee
Wage Or Hours Reduction  Program",  Mr.  Bernhardt has elected to receive 50% of
his wages in Incentive Rights on a three-to-one conversion basis.

         Our agreement  with Ransom W.  Etheridge  provides for Mr.  Etheridge's
engagement  as our  General  Counsel  until  December  31,  2009  unless  sooner
terminated  for cause or  disability.  The  agreement  automatically  renews for
successive one year periods after the initial  termination date unless we or Mr.
Etheridge  give  written  notice  otherwise  at least  ninety  days prior to the
termination date or any renewal period. Mr. Etheridge has the right to terminate
the  agreement  on 30 days' prior  written  notice.  The initial  annual fee for
services is $105,408 and is annually  subject to adjustment based on the average
increase  or  decrease  in the  Consumer  Price  Index for the prior  year.  Mr.
Etheridge's  agreement  also  provides that he be paid all fees through the last
day of then current term of the agreement if he is terminated without "cause" as
that term is  defined  in the  agreement.  In  addition,  should  Mr.  Etheridge
terminate  the  agreement  or the  agreement be  terminated  due to his death or
disability,  the agreement  provides that Mr. Etheridge be paid the fees due him
through the last day of the month in which the  termination  occurred and for an
additional twelve month period.  Mr. Etheridge will devote  approximately 85% of
his business time to our business.  Effective  January 1, 2009,  one-half of the
monthly fee compensation to be paid to Ransom W. Etheridge pursuant to the terms
of his  Engagement  Agreement  with us as our  General  Counsel  will be paid in
shares of the  Company's  common stock  ("Etheridge  Share  Compensation").  The
number of shares  issued as Etheridge  Share  Compensation  shall be  calculated
based on a value equal to three times  one-half of the monthly fee  compensation
to be paid to Mr.  Etheridge  pursuant to the terms of his Engagement  Agreement
with us, with the value of the shares  being  determined  by the  closing  share
price of our common  stock on the NYSE  Alternext  US on the last trading day of
each month.
<PAGE> 59
Goal Achievement Incentive Program

         On  November  17,  2008 the  Board  of  Directors  authorized  the Goal
Achievement Incentive Program. This program is designed to intensify the efforts
of the parties involved in securing strategic  partnering  agreements with third
parties. We will pay the parties participating in the Program an incentive bonus
for each timely agreement (as defined below) entered into by us with any and all
third  parties  in which we  receive  cash (as  defined  below)  from such third
parties as a result of the execution of such agreements  ("Strategic  Partnering
Agreements"),  provided,  however,  Strategic  Partnering  Agreements  shall not
include  agreements  whereby we receive cash as a result of (i) only the sale of
Ampligen(R) or other  Hemispherx  products,  (ii) our only being  reimbursed for
expenses, not including expenses for prior research conducted by us, incurred by
us, (iii) an agreement in which the only  economic  benefit to us is one or more
loans, and (iv) an agreement,  other than an agreement which results in a change
of control of Hemispherx,  in which the only economic  benefit to us is the sale
of our equity or other  securities.  The  incentive  bonus shall be in an amount
equal to one percent  (1%) of the amount of all cash  received by us pursuant to
each such Strategic  Partnering  Agreement between the dates of the execution of
each  such  Strategic  Partnering  Agreement  and the first  commercial  sale of
Ampligen(R) following the full commercial approval of the sale of Ampligen(R) in
each  jurisdiction.  All incentive  bonus  payments  shall be payable in readily
available  funds  within  ten  (10)  days  following  receipt  by us of  readily
available  funds as a result of our  receipt of such first  cash.  For  purposes
hereof "timely  agreements" means all agreements entered into by us with any and
all third  parties (a) on or before June 30, 2009 and (b) on or before March 31,
2010 with  third  parties  with which we had been in active  negotiations  on or
before June 30, 2009. For purposes hereof "cash" means any asset which is either
(a) readily  available  funds or (b)  capable of being  converted  into  readily
available  funds  in value  equal to the  value  ascribed  to such  asset in the
Strategic Partnering Agreement within six months of the receipt of such asset by
the  Company.  This program  presently  includes Dr.  William  Carter,  CEO, Dr.
Chaunce Bogard, consultant and acting Senior Vice President, The Sage Group (one
of our strategic  advisors) and Anthony  Bonelli,  our former President and COO,
Dr. David R.  Strayer,  Medical  Director and all of our active  employees as of
January 1, 2009.

Employee Wage Or Hours Reduction Program

         In an effort to  conserve  Company  cash,  the  Employee  Wage Or Hours
Reduction Program (the "Program") was ratified by the Board effective January 1,
2009.  In a mandatory  program  that is  estimated to be in effect for up to six
months,  compensation  of all active  full-time  employees as of January 1, 2009
("Participants")  were reduced through a reduction in their wages for which they
would be eligible to receive  shares of our common  stock  ("Stock")  six months
after the shares were earned.  While all employees  were also offered the option
to reduce their work hours with a  proportional  decease in wages,  none elected
this alternative.

         On  a  semi-monthly  basis,   Participants   receive  rights  to  Stock
("Incentive  Rights")  that  cannot be  traded.  Six  months  after the date the
Incentive  Rights are  awarded,  we will  undertake a process to have  Incentive
Rights  converted into Stock and issued to each  Participant on a monthly basis.
We will  establish  and  maintain a record for the  number of  Incentive  Rights
awarded to each  Participant.  At the end of each  semi-monthly  period, we will
determine  the  number of  Incentive  Rights  by  converting  the  proportionate
<PAGE> 60
incentive  award to the value of the Stock by utilizing the closing price of the
Stock on the NYSE  Alternext US (formerly the American  Stock  Exchange or AMEX)
based on the average daily closing price for the period.

The Plan is being administered for full-time employees as follows:

o    Twenty-three  employees  earning  $90,000  or less per year  elected a wage
     reduction of 10% per annum and are  receiving an incentive of two times the
     value in Stock;

o    Four  employees  earning  $90,001  to  $200,000  per  year  elected  a wage
     reduction  of 25% per annum are  receiving  an  incentive  of two times the
     value in Stock;

o    Two employees  earning over  $200,000 per year elected a wage  reduction of
     50% per annum and are  receiving  an  incentive of three times the value in
     Stock;

o    Any  employee  could elect a 50% per annum wage  reduction  for which would
     allow them to be eligible for an  incentive  award of three times the value
     of Stock. This option was elected by three employees.

         Prior to the Stock being issued,  we will  establish a trading  account
with an independent  brokerage firm for each Participant.  Incentive Rights will
constitute income to the Participants and be subject to payroll taxes upon Stock
issuance.  At a brokerage firm selected by us, we will bear all expenses related
to selling the Stock (i.e.; broker fees, transaction costs,  commissions,  etc.)
for payroll withholding taxes purposes.  Thereafter, for each Participant during
the period that they remain an active  employee,  we will  continue to bear such
costs from this  designated  brokerage firm for the  maintenance of this account
and all  expenses  related to  selling  our  Stock.  Participants  leaving us or
voluntarily  separating from the Plan will receive the Stock earned upon the six
month  conversion of their Incentive  Rights.  The Plan benefits for individuals
that are no longer  Participants  will become  fixed and we will not continue to
bear such costs from the  designated  brokerage  firm for the  maintenance of an
account nor any  expenses  related to selling  the Stock  except for the initial
costs associated to the selling of Stock for payroll withholding taxes purposes.

Employee Bonus Pool Program

         An element of the  Employee  Wage Or Hours  Reduction  Program  was the
establishment  of a  Bonus  Pool  (the  "Pool")  in the  case  of  FDA  Approval
("Approval") of  Ampligen(R).  This bonus is to award to each employee of record
at January 1, 2009 a pretax  sum of 30% in wages,  calculated  on their base per
annum compensation at the time of the Approval,  and awarded within three months
of Approval.  Participants  who terminate their employment prior to the Approval
will not qualify for this bonus.

Key Employee Retention

         The Board of Directors,  deeming it essential to the best  interests of
our shareholders to foster the continuous engagement of key management personnel
and  recognizing  that, as is the case with many publicly held  corporations,  a
change of control might occur and that such possibility, and the uncertainty and
questions which it might raise among  management,  might result in the departure
or  distraction  of  management  personnel  to  the  detriment  of  us  and  our
shareholders,  determined to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and
dedication of members of our management to their engagement without  distraction
in the face of potentially disturbing circumstances arising from the possibility
of a change in control of our  Company  and entered  into  identical  agreements
<PAGE> 61
regarding change in control with William A. Carter,  our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Scientific Officer and Ransom W. Etheridge,  our General Counsel. Each
of the agreements  regarding  change in control became  effective March 11, 2005
and continue  through  December 31, 2008 and shall extend  automatically  to the
third anniversary  thereof unless we give notice to the other party prior to the
date  of  such   extension  that  the  agreement  term  will  not  be  extended.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,  if a change in control occurs during the term of
the  agreements,  the term of the  agreements  will continue  through the second
anniversary  of the date on which the  change in control  occurred.  Each of the
agreements entitles William A. Carter and Ransom W. Etheridge,  respectively, to
change of control  benefits,  as defined in the agreements and summarized below,
upon their  respective  termination  of  employment/engagement  with us during a
potential  change in control,  as defined in the agreements or after a change in
control,  as defined in the agreements,  when their respective  terminations are
caused (1) by us for any reason other than  permanent  disability  or cause,  as
defined in the agreement  (2) by William A. Carter  and/or Ransom W.  Etheridge,
respectively,  for good reason as defined in the agreement or, (3) by William A.
Carter and/or Ransom W. Etheridge, respectively for any reason during the 30 day
period  commencing  on the first date which is six months  after the date of the
change in control.

The benefits for each of the foregoing executives would be as follows:
o A lump sum cash  payment  of three  times his base  salary  and  annual  bonus
amounts; and o Outplacement benefits.

Each  agreement  also  provides  that the  executive is entitled to a "gross-up"
payment  to make him whole  for any  federal  excise  tax  imposed  on change of
control or severance payments received by him.

Dr. Carter's agreement also provides for the following benefits:
o Continued insurance coverage through the third anniversary of his termination;
and o Retirement  benefits computed as if he had continued to work for the above
period.

On December 31,  2008,  we entered into a  severance/consulting  agreement  with
retiring Chief Financial Officer,  Robert E. Peterson.  This agreement provide a
monthly fee of $4,000 plus travel expenses and Options to purchase 20,000 shares
of the our common stock at the end of each  calendar  quarter  through  year-end
2011 in return for consulting services.  The exercise price of the Options is to
be equal to 120% of the closing price of the our stock on the NYSE  Alternext on
the last  trading  day of the  calendar  quarter for which the Options are being
issued.  Peterson may terminate the Advisory Services at any time upon giving us
Sixty (60) days notice in writing of the  intention  to  terminate  the Advisory
Services.  Please see "Note (12) Royalties,  License, and Employment Agreements"
of Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements.


401(K) Plan

         In December 1995, we established a defined contribution plan, effective
January 1, 1995,  entitled the Hemispherx  Biopharma  employees  401(K) Plan and
Trust  Agreement.  All of our full time employees are eligible to participate in
the 401(K) plan following one year of employment. Subject to certain limitations
imposed by federal tax laws,  participants  are eligible to contribute up to 15%
of their salary (including bonuses and/or commissions) per annum.  Through March
14,  2008,  Participants'  contributions  to the  401(K)  plan were  matched  by
Hemispherx  at a rate  determined  annually  by the  board  of  directors.  Each
<PAGE> 62
participant immediately vests in his or her deferred salary contributions, while
our  contributions  will  vest  over  one  year.  Please  see  Note  11  to  the
consolidated financial statements contained herein.

         Effective March 15, 2008, we ended our 100% matching of up to 6% of the
401(k) contributions provided to the account for each eligible participant.  Our
401(k) Plan  contribution  cost for the twelve months ended December 31, 2008 is
$20,421 and it is required  for  payment  prior to the final  filing of our 2008
Federal Corporate Tax filing. There has not been any additional Company matching
costs since March 15, 2008 and none is projected for calendar year 2009.

Severance

         Upon termination of employment, most executive officers are entitled to
receive severance payments under their employment and/or engagement  agreements.
In  determining  whether  to approve  and  setting  the terms of such  severance
arrangements, the compensation committee recognizes that executives,  especially
highly  ranked  executives,   often  face  challenges  securing  new  employment
following  termination.  The employment agreement with our CEO, which expires on
December 31, 2010, provides that we pay him an annual salary through the term of
the agreement if terminated without cause.

         We believe that our Executive  Officers' severance package is generally
in line with  severance  packages  offered to chief  executive  officers  of the
companies  of  similar  size  to us  represented  in the  compensation  data  we
reviewed.

Compensation of Directors

         Non-employee Board member  compensation  consists of an annual retainer
("Directors'  fees") of $150,000,  which in 2008 was paid two thirds in cash and
one third in our common stock. On September 9, 2003, the Directors approved a 10
year plan which  authorizes up to 1,000,000  shares for use in  supporting  this
compensation  plan. The number of shares paid shall have a value of $12,500 with
the value of the shares  being  determined  by the  closing  price of our common
stock on the NYSE Alternext US Exchange on the last day of the calendar quarter.
Director's fees are paid quarterly at the end of each calendar quarter.

         On November 28, 2009, Thomas K. Equels joined our Board of Directors as
a  non-employee  Board  member in which his  compensation  of  $150,000  for all
director fees were agreed to be paid in the form of our common stock.

         All Directors have been granted  options to purchase common stock under
our Stock Option Plans and/or Warrants to purchase common stock. We believe such
compensation  and payments  are  necessary in order for us to attract and retain
qualified outside directors.

         Commencing as of January 1, 2009, the ratio of stock to cash being paid
as Director's fees ("Annual  Compensation") was changed. The Annual Compensation
for each of the directors then serving,  other than Thomas  Equels,  consists of
$25,000  and  shares  of  common  stock  having  a  value  of  $125,000  ("Share
Compensation").  The Annual Compensation for Thomas Equels consists of shares of
common stock having a value of $150,000 ("Share Compensation").
<PAGE> 63
         To the extent that Share  Compensation would exceed 1,000,000 shares in
the aggregate for the ten year period  commencing  January 1, 2003 as previously
approved  by  Resolution  of the Board of  September  9, 2003,  shares for Share
Compensation shall be issued under the our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan.



<PAGE> 64

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Summary Compensation Table - 2006
<S>                  <C>            <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>            <C>                 <C>          <C>

-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
Name and Principal   Salary/Fees   Bonus    Stock    Option Award  Non-Equity      Change in Pension  All Other     Total
Position                                    Award        (1)       Incentive Plan  Value and          Compensation
                                                                   Compensation    Nonqualified
                                                                                   Deferred
                                                                                   Compensation
                                                                                   Earnings
W. A. Carter,
CEO                 $655,686      $166,624    -      $1,236,367      -               -                $118,087(2)    $2,186,764
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
A. Bonelli,
COO                  35,000(4)      50,000    -         122,601      -               -                  3,000 (2)       210,601
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
R. E. Peterson,
CFO                  259,164        64,791    -         373,043      -               -                    -             696,998
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
D. Strayer,
Medical Director     225,144        -         -         19,200       -               -                    -             244,344
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
M. J. Liao,
Director - QC        158,381        -         -          9,600       -               -                  18,246(3)       186,406
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
C. Smith,
VP of MFG            143,136        -         -          9,600       -               -                  17,227(3)       169,963
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
R. Hansen,
VP of
Manufacturing        140,311        -         -          9,600       -               -                  17,006(3)       166,917
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
R. D. Hulse          105,000        -         -          -           -               -                    -             105,000
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
</TABLE>

Notes:

(1)  Based on Black Scholes Pricing Model of valuing  options.  Total Fair Value
     of Option Awards granted to officers in 2006 was $1,780,011.

(2)  Consists of Healthcare  premiums,  life insurance premiums,  401-K matching
     funds, qualifying insurance premium, company car and parking cost.

(3)  Consists of healthcare premiums and 401-K matching funds.

(4)  Mr. Bonelli joined us on November 27, 2006. His annual salary is $350,000.
<PAGE> 65
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Summary Compensation Table - 2007
<S>                  <C>            <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>            <C>                 <C>          <C>
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
Name and Principal   Salary/Fees   Bonus    Stock    Option Award  Non-Equity      Change in Pension  All Other     Total
Position                                    Award        (1)       Incentive Plan  Value and          Compensation
                                                                   Compensation    Nonqualified
                                                                                   Deferred
                                                                                   Compensation
                                                                                   Earnings

W. A. Carter,
 CEO                $637,496     $166,156   -       $1,688,079     -                -                $123,063(2)     $2,664,794
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
A. Bonelli,
COO                  350,000(4)    87,500   -           59,684     -                -                  33,375(3)        530,504
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
R. E. Peterson,
CFO                  259,164       64,791   -          153,055     -                -                   -               477,010
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
D. Strayer,
Medical
Director             240,348       50,347   -           79,810     -                -                   -               370,505
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------

C. Smith,
VP of MFG.           147,695         -      -           34,235     -                -                   30,088(4)       212,018
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------

K. Ferencz-
Biro, VP of
Reg. Affairs         145,000         -      -           11,744     -                -                   13,999(5)       170,743
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------

W. Springate,
VP of
Operations           150,000       37,500   -           36,253     -                -                   13,429(5)       237,182
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------

R. Lander,
VP of Quality
Assurance            178,000         -      -           11,744     -                -                    9,649(6)       199,393
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
</TABLE>


Notes:

(1)  Based on Black  Scholes  pricing  model of valuing  options.  Total fair of
     options granted to Officers in 2007 was $2,241,028.

(2)  Consists of a) Life Insurance premiums totaling $63,627;  b) 401-K matching
     funds of $18,833;  c)  Healthcare  premiums of $28,586;  and d) Company car
     expenses of $12,017.

(3)  Healthcare  premiums of $9,649,  car allowance expense of $9,276,  and life
     insurance premiums totaling $14,400.

(4)  Consists of Healthcare  premiums of $21,266,  and 401-K  matching  funds of
     $8,862.

(5)  Healthcare premiums and 401-K matching funds.

(6)  Healthcare premiums.
<PAGE> 66
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Summary Compensation Table - 2008
<S>                  <C>            <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>            <C>                 <C>          <C>
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
Name and Principal   Salary/Fees   Bonus    Stock    Option Award  Non-Equity      Change in Pension  All Other     Total
Position                                    Award        (1)       Incentive Plan  Value and          Compensation
                                                                   Compensation    Nonqualified
                                                                                   Deferred
                                                                                   Compensation
                                                                                   Earnings

W. A. Carter, CEO   $664,624        $-      -       $316,571(4)          -              -             $106,094(2)    $1,087,289
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
R. E. Peterson, CFO  259,164         -      -        -          -                       -                    -          259,164
(3)
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
D. Strayer, Medical  201,389         -      -         16,168(4)          -              -                    -          217,309
Director
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
C. Smith,            147,695         -      -            600(4)          -              -               23,072(5)       171,367
VP of MFG.
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
K. Ferencz-Biro, VP  145,000         -      -         -                  -              -               11,461(6)       156,461
of Reg. Affairs
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
W. Springate, VP of  150,000         -      -         -                  -              -                7,354(6)       157,354
Operations
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
R. Lander,           178,000         -       -        -                  -              -                9,649(7)       187,649
VP of Quality
Assurance
-------------------  -----------   ------   -------  ------------  --------------- -----------------  ------------- -----------
</TABLE>

Notes:

(1)  Based on Black  Scholes  pricing  model of valuing  options.  Total fair of
     options granted to Officers in 2007 was $364,648.

(2)  Consists of a) Life  Insurance  premiums  totaling  $66,411;  b) Healthcare
     premiums of $28,586; and d) Company car expenses of $11,097.

(3)  Mr. Peterson retired from the Company Effective December 31, 2008.

(4)  Issue of options for options previously granted that expired unexercised.

(5)  Consists of Healthcare  premiums of $21,226,  and 401-K  matching  funds of
     $1,846.

(6)  Healthcare premiums and 401-K matching funds.

(7)  Healthcare premiums.

<PAGE> 67
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

2007 Stock Option Grants to Executive Officers

The following table provides additional  information about option awards granted
to our Named  Executive  Officers  during the year ended  December 31, 2007. The
compensation  plan under which the grants in the following  tables were made are
described in the Compensation  Discussion and Analysis section headed "Long-Term
Equity Incentive Awards".
<S>                 <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>                <C>                 <C>

----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
Name              Grant Date      No. of Options    Exercise Price per  Expiration Date  Closing Price on  Grant Date Fair Value
                                                    Share                                Grant             of Option (2)
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
W.A. Carter, CEO   9/10/07        1,000,000(1)                 $2.00        9/9/17            1.24                 674,063
                   10/1/07        1,400,000(1)                  3.50       9/30/17            1.60               1,014,016
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
A. Bonelli, COO    2/22/07           50,000                     2.07       2/27/17            1.88                  59,684
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
R.E. Peterson, CFO 1/23/07           13,750(1)                  2.37       1/23/17            2.10                  18,242
                   9/10/07          200,000(1)                  2.00        9/9/17            1.24                 134,813
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
D. Strayer,        1/23/07           20,000(1)                  2.37       1/23/17            2.10                  26,534
Medical Director
                   9/10/07           50,000(1)                  2.00        9/9/17            1.24                  33,703
                   12/6/07           25,000                     1.30       12/6/17            1.30                  19,573
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
C. Smith,          1/23/07            6,791(1)                  2.37       1/23/17            2.10                   9,010
VP of MFG.
                   9/10/07           20,000(1)                  2.00        9/9/17            1.24                  13,481
                   12/6/07           15,000                     1.30       12/6/17            1.30                  11,744
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
W. Springate,       5/1/07           20,000                     1.78       4/30/17            1.63                  20,595
VP of Operations   12/6/07           20,000                     1.30       12/6/17            1.30                  15,658
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
K. Ferencz-Biro,   12/6/07           15,000                     1.30       12/6/17            1.30                  11,744
VP of Reg. Affairs
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
R. Lander,         12/6/07           15,000                     1.30       12/6/17            1.30                  11,744
VP of Quality
Assurance
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
</TABLE>

1)   Renewal of previously issued options that expired unexercised.

2)   These  amounts  shown  represent  the  approximate  amount we recognize for
     financial  statement  reporting  purposes  in fiscal year 2007 for the fair
     value of equity  awards  granted  to the  named  executive  officers.  As a
     result,  these amounts do not reflect the amount of  compensation  actually
     received  by the named  executive  officer  during the fiscal  year.  For a
     description of the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of equity
     awards under SFAS No. 123(R), see Note 2(m) of our financial statements.

<PAGE> 68

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



2008 Stock Option Grants to Executive Officers

The following table provides additional  information about option awards granted
to our Named  Executive  Officers  during the year ended  December 31, 2008. The
compensation  plan under which the grants in the following  tables were made are
described in the Compensation  Discussion and Analysis section headed "Long-Term
Equity Incentive Awards".
<S>                 <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>                <C>                 <C>

----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
Name              Grant Date      No. of Options    Exercise Price per  Expiration Date  Closing Price on  Grant Date Fair Value
                                                    Share                                Grant             of Option (2)
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
W.A. Carter, CEO  2/18/08             190,000(1)              $4.00       2/18/18              0.89                  61,437

                  9/17/08           1,450,000(1)               2.20       9/17/18              0.52                 255,134
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
D. Strayer,       2/18/08              50,000(1)               4.00       2/18/18              0.89                  16,168
Medical Director
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
C. Smith, VP MFG. 2/18/08               5,000(1)               4.00       2/18/18              0.89                     600
----------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------------
</TABLE>

1)   Renewal of previously issued options that expired unexercised.

2)   These  amounts  shown  represent  the  approximate  amount we recognize for
     financial  statement  reporting  purposes  in fiscal year 2008 for the fair
     value of equity  awards  granted  to the  named  executive  officers.  As a
     result,  these amounts do not reflect the amount of  compensation  actually
     received  by the named  executive  officer  during the fiscal  year.  For a
     description of the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of equity
     awards under SFAS No. 123(R), see Note 2(m) of our financial statements.


<PAGE> 69
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



Outstanding Equity Awards at Year End - 2007

----------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------
                                         Option/Warrants Awards                                       Stock Awards
----------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>               <C>            <C>           <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>        <C>            <C>
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
Name              Number of       Number of     Equity         Option   Option      Number of  Market    Equity         Equity
                  Securities      Securities    Incentive Plan Exercise Expiration  Shares or  Value of  Incentive Plan Incentive
                  Underlying      Underlying    Awards Number  Price    Date        Units of   Shares or Awards: Number Plan Awards:
                  Unexercised     Unexercised   of Securities                       Stock That Unit That of Unearned    Market or
                  Options (#)     Options (#)   Underlying                          Have Not   Have Not  Shares,Units   Payout Value
                  Exercisable     Unexercisable Unexercised                         Vested (#) Vested    or Other       of Unearned
                                                Unearned                                                 Rights That    Shares,Units
                                                Options (#)                                              Have Not       or Other
                                                                                                         Vested (#)     Rights That
                                                                                                                        Have Not
                                                                                                                         Vested
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
W.A. Carter, CEO   1,450,000           0            0           $2.20      9/8/08       -        -           -               -
                   1,000,000           0            0            2.00      9/9/17       -        -           -               -
                     190,000           0            0            4.00      1/1/08       -        -           -               -
                       3,728           0            0            2.71     12/31/10      -        -           -               -
                      10,000           0            0            4.03      1/3/11       -        -           -               -
                     167,000           0            0            2.60      9/7/14       -        -           -               -
                     153,000           0            0            2.60      12/7/14      -        -           -               -
                     100,000           0            0            1.75      4/26/15      -        -           -               -
                     465,000           0            0            1.86      6/30/15      -        -           -               -
                      70,000           0            0            2.87      12/9/15      -        -           -               -
                     300,000           0            0            2.38      1/1/16       -        -           -               -
                      10,000           0            0            2.61      12/9/15      -        -           -               -
                     376,650           0            0            3.78      2/22/16      -        -           -               -
                   1,400,000           0            0            3.50      9/30/17      -        -           -               -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
A. Bonelli, COO      100,000           0            0            2.11     11/26/16      -         -          -               -
                      50,000           0            0            2.07      2/27/17      -         -          -               -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
R. Peterson, CFO     200,000           0            0            2.00      9/9/17       -         -          -               -
                      50,000           0            0            3.44      6/22/14      -         -          -               -
                      13,824           0            0            2.60      9/7/14       -         -          -               -
                      55,000           0            0            1.75      4/26/15      -         -          -               -
                      10,000           0            0            2.61      12/8/15      -         -          -               -
                      50,000           0            0            3.85      2/28/16      -         -          -               -
                     100,000           0            0            3.48      4/14/16      -         -          -               -
                      30,000           0            0            3.55      4/30/16      -         -          -               -
                      13,750           0            0            2.37      1/22/17      -         -          -               -
                      10,000           0            0            4.03      1/3/11      -          -          -               -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
D. Strayer,           50,000           0            0            2.00      9/9/17      -          -          -               -
Medical Director      50,000           0            0            4.00      2/28/08     -          -          -               -
                      10,000           0            0            4.03      1/3/11      -          -          -               -
                      20,000           0            0            3.50      2/23/07     -          -          -               -
                      10,000           0            0            1.90     12/14/14     -          -          -               -
                      10,000           0            0            2.61      12/8/15     -          -          -               -
                      10,000         5,000          0            2.20     11/20/16     -          -          -               -
                      25,000           0            0            1.30      12/6/17     -          -          -               -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
C. Smith, VP of       20,000           0            0            2.00      9/9/17      -          -          -               -
MFG                    5,000           0            0            4.00      9/17/18     -          -          -               -
                      10,000           0            0            4.03      1/3/11      -          -          -               -
                      10,000           0            0            2.61      12/8/15     -          -          -               -
                       6,791           0            0            2.37      1/23/17     -          -          -               -
                      10,000           0            0            1.90      12/7/14     -          -          -               -
                       5,000         2,500          0            2.20     11/20/16     -          -          -               -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
W. Springate, VP       1,812           0            0            1.90      12/7/14     -          -          -               -
of Operations          2,088           0            0            2.61      12/8/05     -          -          -               -
                       5,000           0            0            2.20     11/20/16     -          -          -               -
                      20,200           0            0            1.78      4/30/17     -          -          -               -
                       6,067        13,333          0            1.30      12/6/17     -          -          -               -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
R. Lander, VP of
Quality Assurance      5,000        10,000          0            1.30      12/6/17     -          -           -              -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
K. Ferencz-Biro,
VP of Reg. Affairs     5,000        10,000                0      1.30      12/6/17     -          -           -              -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 71
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Outstanding Equity Awards at Year End - 2008

----------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------
                                         Option/Warrants Awards                                       Stock Awards
----------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>               <C>            <C>           <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>        <C>            <C>
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
Name              Number of       Number of     Equity         Option   Option      Number of  Market    Equity         Equity
                  Securities      Securities    Incentive Plan Exercise Expiration  Shares or  Value of  Incentive Plan Incentive
                  Underlying      Underlying    Awards Number  Price    Date        Units of   Shares or Awards: Number Plan Awards:
                  Unexercised     Unexercised   of Securities                       Stock That Unit That of Unearned    Market or
                  Options (#)     Options (#)   Underlying                          Have Not   Have Not  Shares,Units   Payout Value
                  Exercisable     Unexercisable Unexercised                         Vested (#) Vested    or Other       of Unearned
                                                Unearned                                                 Rights That    Shares,Units
                                                Options (#)                                              Have Not       or Other
                                                                                                         Vested (#)     Rights That
                                                                                                                        Have Not
                                                                                                                         Vested
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
W.A. Carter, CEO   1,450,000           0             0         $2.20      9/17/18      -         -              -            -
                   1,000,000           0             0          2.00      9/9/17       -         -              -            -
                     190,000           0             0          4.00      2/18/18      -         -              -            -
                      73,728           0             0          2.71     12/31/10      -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          4.03      1/3/11       -         -              -            -
                     167,000           0             0          2.60      9/7/14       -         -              -            -
                     153,000           0             0          2.60      12/7/14      -         -              -            -
                     100,000           0             0          1.75      4/26/15      -         -              -            -
                     465,000           0             0          1.86      6/30/15      -         -              -            -
                      70,000           0             0          2.87      12/9/15      -         -              -            -
                     300,000           0             0          2.38      1/1/16       -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          2.61      12/9/15      -         -              -            -
                     376,650           0             0          3.78      2/22/16      -         -              -            -
                   1,400,000           0             0          3.50      9/30/17      -         -              -            -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
C. Bogard,  S VP     100,000           0             0          0.68      6/5/13       -         -              -            -
                      50,000           0             0          2.07      2/27/17      -         -              -            -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
R. Peterson, CFO     200,000           0             0          2.00      9/9/17       -         -              -            -
                      50,000           0             0          3.44      6/22/14      -         -              -            -
                      13,824           0             0          2.60      9/7/14       -         -              -            -
                      55,000           0             0          1.75      4/26/15      -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          2.61      12/8/15      -         -              -            -
                      50,000           0             0          3.85      2/28/16      -         -              -            -
                     100,000           0             0          3.48      4/14/16      -         -              -            -
                      30,000           0             0          3.55      4/30/16      -         -              -            -
                      13,750           0             0          2.37      1/22/17      -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          4.03      1/3/11       -         -              -            -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
D. Strayer,           50,000           0             0          2.00      9/9/17       -         -              -            -
Medical Director      50,000           0             0          4.00      2/28/18      -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          4.03      1/3/11       -         -              -            -
                       5,000        15,000           0          3.50      2/23/07      -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          1.90     12/14/14      -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          2.61      12/8/15      -         -              -            -
                      15,000           0             0          2.20     11/20/16      -         -              -            -
                      16,667         8,333           0          1.30      12/6/17      -         -              -            -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
C. Smith, VP of       20,000           0             0          2.00      9/9/17       -         -              -            -
MFG                    5,000           0             0          4.00      9/17/18      -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          4.03      1/3/11       -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          2.61      12/8/15      -         -              -            -
                       6,791           0             0          2.37      1/23/17      -         -              -            -
                      10,000           0             0          1.90      12/7/14      -         -              -            -
                       7,500           0             0          2.20     11/20/16      -         -              -            -
                      10,000         5,000           0          1.30      12/6/17      -         -              -            -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
W. Springate, VP       1,812           0             0          1.90      12/7/14      -         -              -            -
of Operations          2,088           0             0          2.61      12/8/15      -         -              -            -
                       5,000           0             0          2.20     11/20/16      -         -              -            -
                      20,000           0             0          1.78      4/30/17      -         -              -            -
                      13,333         6,667           0          1.30      12/6/17      -         -              -            -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
R. Lander, VP of
Quality Assurance     10,000         5,000           0          1.30      12/6/17      -         -              -            -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
K. Ferencz-Biro,
VP of Reg. Affairs    10,000         5,000           0          1.30      12/6/17      -         -              -            -
---------------- --------------- -------------- ------------ ---------- ----------- --------- --------  ------------   -----------
</TABLE>



<PAGE> 73

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Options Exercised / Stock Vested - 2008

--------------------------- ------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
                                          Option Awards                                 Stock Awards
--------------------------- ------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>                    <C>                  <C>                      <C>
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
           Name               Number of Shares      Value Realized on     Number of Shares      Value of Realized on
                            Acquired on Exercise      Exercise ($)       Acquired on Vesting        Vesting ($)
                                     (#)                                         (#)
                                     (b)                   (c)                   (d)                    (e)
           (a)
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
W.A. Carter, CEO
                                    none
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
W.C. Bogard,
S VP                                none
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
R. Peterson, CFO
                                    none
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
D. Strayer, Medical
Director
                                    none
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
C. Smith,
VP MFG.                             none
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
W. Springate, VP of
Operations                          none
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
R. Lander,
VP of Quality Assurance             none
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
K. Ferencz-Biro,
VP of Reg. Affairs
                                    none
--------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------- -----------------------
</TABLE>


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

     Our Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, consisting of Richard
Piani, the Committee Chairman, William Mitchell, M.D. and Dr. Iraj E. Kiani, are
all independent directors. There are no interlocking relationships.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

     Our Committee has reviewed and discussed the  Compensation  Discussion  and
Analysis  contained  in  this  Annual  Report  with  management.  Based  on  our
Committee's  review of and the  discussions  with management with respect to the
Compensation  Discussion and Analysis, our Committee recommended to the board of
directors  that the  Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis  be included in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008
for filing with the SEC.

                                    COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
                                    Richard Piani, Committee Chairman
                                    William Mitchell, M.D.
                                    Dr. Iraj E. Kiani

     The   foregoing   Compensation   Committee   report  shall  not  be  deemed
incorporated  by reference  into any filing under the  Securities Act of 1933 or
the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  and shall not  otherwise be deemed filed
under these acts,  except to the extent we  incorporate  by reference  into such
filings.
<PAGE> 74
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Director Compensation - 2008

------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
      Name            Fees      Stock          Option     Non-Equity    Change in Pension      All Other      Total ($)
                    Earned or   Awards ($)   Awards ($)   Incentive         Value and        Compensat-ion
                     Paid in                    (2)          Plan          Nonqualified           ($)
                    Cash ($)                             Compensation        Deferred
                                                             ($)           Compensation
                                                                             Earnings
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
<S>                     <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>              <C>                  <C>            <C>
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
T. Equels, Director    -0-      37,500          0             0                 0                395,369 (1)     433,869
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
W. Mitchell,       100,000      50,000          0             0                 0                  0             150,000
Director
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
R. Piani,          100,000      50,000          0             0                 0                  0             150,000
Director
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
I. Kiani,          100,000      50,000          0             0                 0                  0             150,000
Director
------------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
</TABLE>

(1)      General Counsel fees as per Engagement Agreement.
(2)      No options were awarded in 2008.

Item 12.  Security  Ownership of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management and
Related Stockholder Matters.

         The  following  table sets  forth as of March 1,  2009,  the number and
percentage of outstanding shares of common stock beneficially owned by:

o    Each  person,  individually  or as a group,  known to us to be  deemed  the
     beneficial  owners of five  percent or more of our  issued and  outstanding
     common stock;

o    each of our directors and the Named Executives; and

o    all of our officers and directors as a group.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         As of March 3, 2009, there were no other persons,  individually or as a
group, known to us to be deemed the beneficial owners of five percent or more of
our issued and outstanding common stock.

<S>                                                    <C>                                   <C>
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
Name and Address of                                Shares Beneficially Owned                % Of Shares
Beneficial Owner                                                                         Beneficially Owned
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
William A. Carter, M.D.                                   6,241,868 (1)                         7.7%
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
Ransom W. Etheridge                                         722,633 (2)                          *
2610 Potters Rd.
Virginia Beach, VA 23452
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
Richard C. Piani                                            600,685 (3)                          *
97 Rue Jeans-Jaures
Levaillois-Perret
France 92300
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
Warren C. Bogard, Ph.D.                                     100,000 (4)                          *
332 Long Ridge Lane
Exton, PA 19341
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
William M. Mitchell, M.D.                                   527,957 (5)                          *
Vanderbilt University
Department of Pathology
Medical Center North
21st and Garland
Nashville, TN 37232
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
Thomas K. Equels                                                                                 *
Director                                                    320,842
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
David R. Strayer, M.D.                                      229,246 (6)                          *
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.                                        64,291 (7)                          *
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
Iraj-Eqhbal Kiani, Ph.D.                                    235,203 (8)                          *
Orange County Immune Institute
18800 Delaware Street
Huntingdon Beach, CA 92648
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
W. Springate                                                 48,900 (9)                          *
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
R. Lander, Ph.D.                                            15,000 (10)                          *
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
K. Ferencz-Biro, Ph.D.                                      15,000 (10)                          *
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
Charles T. Bernhardt CPA                                    65,079                               *
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
All directors and executive officers as a
group                                                    9,491,357                             11.7%
(11 persons)
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -------------------------------
* Less than 1%
</TABLE>

(1)  Includes  shares  issuable  upon the  exercise of (i)  replacement  options
     issued in 2006 to purchase  376,650  shares of common stock  exercisable at
     $3.78 per share expiring on February 22, 2016; (ii) stock options issued in
     2001 to purchase  10,000 shares of common stock at $4.03 per share expiring
     January 3, 2011; (iii) options issued in 2007 to purchase  1,000,000 shares
     of common  stock  exercisable  at $2.00 per share  expiring on September 9,
     2017,  these  options  replaced  previously  issued  options  that  expired
     unexercised  on August 13, 2007;  (iv) warrants  issued in 2003 to purchase
     1,450,000 shares of common stock exercisable at $2.20 per share expiring on
     September 17, 2018, these options replaced  previously  issued options that
     expired unexcercised on September 8, 2008; (v) stock options issued in 2004
     to purchase  320,000  shares of common stock at $2.60 per share expiring on
     September 7, 2014;  (vi) Stock Options  issued in 2005 to purchase  100,000
     shares of common stock at $1.75 per share expiring on April 26, 2015; (vii)
     Stock options issued in 2005 to purchase  465,000 shares of common stock at
     $1.86 per share  expiring June 30, 2015; and (viii) stock options issued in
     2005 to purchase  70,000 shares of Common Stock at $2.87 per share expiring
     December 9, 2015;  (ix) stock  options  issued in 2005 to  purchase  10,000
     shares of Common Stock at $2.61 per share  expiring  December 8, 2015;  (x)
     300,000  options issued in 2006 to purchase common stock at $2.38 per share
     and expiring on January 1, 2016;  and (xi) 476,490  shares of Common Stock.
     Also includes  1,663,728  warrants and options originally issued to William
     A. Carter and subsequently  transferred to Carter  Investments of which Dr.
     Carter is the beneficial  owner.  These securities  consist of (a) warrants
     issued in 2008 to  purchase  190,000  shares  of common  stock at $4.00 per
     share  expiring on February  17, 2018,  these  options  replace  previously
     issued  warrants that expired  unexercised  on February 18, 2007, (b) stock
     options  granted in 1991 and extended to purchase  73,728  shares of common
     stock  exercisable  at $2.71 per share  expiring on  December  31, 2019 and
     (c)options  issued in 2007 to purchase  1,400,000 shares of common stock at
     $3.50 per share  expiring on September  30, 2017,  these  options  replaced
     previously issued options that expired unexercised on September 30, 2007.

(2)  Includes  shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) 20,000 options issued in to
     purchase  common  stock at $4.00 per share  expiring on February  17, 2018,
<PAGE> 76
     these options replace  previously issued warrants that expired  unexercised
     on February 18,  2007;  (ii) 100,000  warrants  issued in 2002  exercisable
     $2.00 per share  expiring  on  August  17,  2017,  these  options  replaced
     previously  issued  options  that expired  unexercised  on August 13, 2007;
     (iii) stock  options  issued in 2005 to purchase  100,000  shares of common
     stock  exercisable at $1.75 per share  expiring on April 26, 2015;  and(iv)
     stock  options  issued in 2004 to purchase  50,000  shares of common  stock
     exercisable  at $2.60 per share  expiring on September  7, 2014;  (and (vi)
     252,633  shares of common  stock of which  40,900 are  subject to  security
     interest.  Also includes 200,000 stock options originally granted to Ransom
     Etheridge in 2003 and 50,000  stock  options  originally  granted to Ransom
     Etheridge in 2006, all of which were subsequently  transferred to relatives
     and family trusts.  200,000 of these stock options are exercisable at $2.75
     per share and expire on  November  3, 2013.  37,500 of these  options  were
     transferred to Julianne  Inglima;  37,500 of these options were transferred
     to  Thomas  Inglima;  37,500  of  these  options  were  transferred  to  R.
     Etheridge-BMI  Trust;  37,500 options were transferred to R.  Etheridge-TCI
     Trust and 50,000 of these options were  transferred to the Etheridge Family
     Trust. 50,000 of these stock options are exercisable at $3.86 per share and
     expire on February 24, 2016.  12,500 of these  shares were  transferred  to
     Julianne  Inglima;  12,500  of these  options  were  transferred  to Thomas
     Inglima;  12,500 of these options were  transferred  to R.  Etheridge - BMI
     Trust;  and 12,500 of these options were  transferred  to R.  Etheridge-TCI
     Trust. Julianne and Thomas are Mr. Etheridge's daughter and son-in-law.

(3)  Includes  shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) 20,000  warrants  issued in
     1998 to purchase  common stock at $4.00 per share  expiring on February 17,
     2018,  these  options  replace  previously  issued  warrants  that  expired
     unexercised  on February 18, 2007;  (ii)  100,000  warrants  issued in 2007
     exercisable  at $2.00 per share  expiring  on  September  17,  2017,  these
     options  replaced  previously  issued  options that expired  unexercised on
     August 13, 2007;  (iii)options granted in 2004 to purchase 54,608 shares of
     common stock exercisable at $2.60 per share expiring on September 17, 2014;
     (iv)  options  granted in 2005 to purchase  100,000  shares of common stock
     exercisable  at $1.75  per share  expiring  on April  26,  2015;  (v) stock
     options  issued  in  2006  to  purchase   50,000  shares  of  common  stock
     exercisable  at $3.86 per share  expiring  February 24, 2016;  (vi) 230,177
     shares of common  stock owned by Mr.  Piani;  vii) 40,900  shares of common
     stock owned jointly by Mr. and Mrs.  Piani;  and (viii) and 5,000 shares of
     common stock owned by Mrs. Piani.

(4)  Consists of (i) 100,000  options  exercisable  at $0.68 per share  expiring
     June 5, 2013.

(5)  Includes shares issuable upon exercise of (i) options issued in to purchase
     12,000  shares of common stock at $6.00 per share;  (ii)  100,000  warrants
     issued in 2007  exercisable  at $2.00 per share  expiring on  September  9,
     2017;  (iii) 50,000 stock options  issued in 2004  exercisable at $2.60 per
     share  expiring on September 7, 2014;  (iv) 100,000 stock options issued in
     2005  exercisable  at $1.75 per share expiring on April 26, 2015; (v) stock
     options  issued  in  2006  to  purchase   50,000  shares  of  common  stock
     exercisable at $3.86 per share expiring February 24, 2016; and (vi) 215,957
     shares of common stock.

(6)  (i) stock options issued in 2007 to purchase  20,000 shares of common stock
     at $2.37 per share expiring on February 22, 2017;  (ii) warrants  issued in
     1998 to purchase  50,000  shares of common stock  exercisable  at $4.00 per
     share  expiring on February  17, 2018.  These  options  replace  previously
<PAGE> 77
     issued warrants that expired  unexercised on February 18, 2007; (iii) stock
     options  granted  in  2001  to  purchase  10,000  shares  of  common  stock
     exercisable at $4.03 per share  expiring on January 3, 2011;  (iv) warrants
     issued in 2007 to purchase  50,000  shares of common stock  exercisable  at
     $2.00 per share  expiring on September  17, 2017,  these  options  replaced
     previously issued options that expired  unexercised on August 13, 2007; (v)
     stock  options  issued in 2004 to purchase  10,000  shares of common  stock
     exercisable  at $1.90 per share  expiring on  December 7, 2014;  (vi) stock
     options  issued in 2005 to purchase  10,000 shares of Common Stock at $2.61
     per share expiring December 8, 2015; (vii) stock options to purchase 15,000
     shares of  common  stock at $2.20 per share  expiring  November  20,  2016;
     (viii)stock  options  issued in 2007 to  purchase  25,000  shares of common
     stock at $1.30 per share  expiring  December 6, 2017 and (ix) 39,246 shares
     of common stock.

(7)  Consists of shares  issuable upon exercise  of(i) 20,000  options issued in
     2007  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring in September 17, 2017,  these
     options  replaced  previously  issued  options that expired  unexercised on
     August 13, 2007;  (ii) 6,791 stock options  issued in 1997  exercisable  at
     $2.37 expiring  January 22, 2017; (iii) 10,000 stock options issued in 2001
     exercisable at $4.03 per share expiring  January 3, 2011; (iv) 10,000 stock
     options  issued in 2004  exercisable at $1.90 expiring on December 7, 2014;
     (v) 10,000 stock options  issued in 2005 to purchase  Common Stock at $2.61
     per share expiring  December 8, 2015 and (vi) 7,500 stock options issued in
     1996 to purchase  common  stock at $2.20 per share  expiring  November  20,
     2016.

(8)  Consists of shares  issuable upon exercise of (i) 12,000  options issued in
     2005  exercisable at $1.63 per share expiring on June 2, 2015;  (ii) 15,000
     options issued in 2005 exercisable at $1.75 per share expiring on April 26,
     2015;  (iii)  stock  options  issued in 2006 to purchase  50,000  shares of
     common stock  exercisable at $3.86 per share expiring February 24, 2016 and
     (iv) 158,203 shares of common stock.

(9)  Consists of (i) stock  options to acquire  1,812  shares of common stock at
     $1.90 per share  expiring  December 7, 2014;  (ii) stock options to acquire
     2,088 shares of common stock at $2.61 per share expiring  December 8, 2015;
     (iii) 5,000 stock  options at $2.20 per share  expiring  November 20, 2016;
     (iv) stock  options to acquire  20,000  shares of common stock at $1.78 per
     share  expiring  April 30,  2017 and (v) stock  options to  acquire  20,000
     shares at $1.30 per share expiring December 6, 2017.

(10) Consists of stock  options to  purchase  15,000  shares of common  stock at
     $1.30 per share expiring on December 6, 2017.


Item  13.  Certain   Relationships  and  Related   Transactions,   and  Director
Independence.

     We have employment  agreements  with certain of our executive  officers and
have granted such  officers and  directors  options and warrants to purchase our
common   stock,   as  discussed   under  the  headings,   "Item  11.   Executive
Compensation," and "Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management," as noted above.

     Ransom W. Etheridge, our Secretary,  General Counsel and a former director,
is an attorney in private  practice,  who renders corporate legal services to us
<PAGE> 78
from  time to  time,  for  which he has  received  fees  totaling  approximately
$117,000 and $105,400 in 2007 and 2008, respectively. In addition, Mr. Etheridge
served on the  Board of  Directors  until  November  2008 for which he  received
Director's  Fees of cash and stock.  He was paid  $150,000 in cash and stock for
the time served in 2008.  In 2007 he was paid $150,000 in cash and stock for his
services as a Director.

     We used the property  acquired in late 2004 by Retreat House, LLC an entity
in which the children of William A. Carter have a beneficial  interest.  We paid
Retreat House, LLC $153,000 and $41,200 in 2007 and 2008, respectively,  for the
use of the property at various times.

     Tom Equels was elected to the Board of Directors at the Annual Stockholders
Meeting on November 17,  2008.  Mr.  Equels has provided  legal serves to us for
several  years.  In 2008 and 2007,  we paid Mr.  Equel's law firm  $395,000  and
$215,000,  respectfully,  for services rendered. Mr. Equel's received $37,500 in
our stock for his Board fees in 2008.

     We have  continued  to  utilize  The  Sage  Group,  Inc.,  a  health  care,
technology  oriented,  strategy and  transaction  advisory firm, to assist us in
obtaining a strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of  Ampligen(R) in treating
Chronic  Fatigue   Syndrome  (CFS)  and  Avian  Flu.  We  paid  The  Sage  Group
approximately $24,000, $25,000 and $167,000 in fees for the years ended December
31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively.

     Kati  Kovari,  M.D.  was paid  $13,000  in 2007 and 2008 for her  part-time
services to us as Assistant Medical Director.  Dr. Kovari is the spouse of W. A.
Carter, our CEO.

ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

         All audit and  professional  services  are  approved  in advance by the
Audit Committee to assure such services do not impair the auditor's independence
from us. The total fees by McGladrey & Pullen,  LLP  ("McGladrey")  for 2007 and
2008 were $280,000 and  $308,000,  respectively.  The following  table shows the
aggregate fees for professional services rendered during the year ended December
31, 2008.

--------------------------    ----------------------------------------------
                                                     Amount ($)
--------------------------    ----------------------- ----------------------
Description of Fees                      2007                   2008
--------------------------    ----------------------- ----------------------
Audit Fees                            $280,000               $315,000

Audit-Related Fees                       -0-                     -0-

Tax Fees                                 -0-                     -0-

All Other Fees                           -0-                     -0-
                                         ---                     ---
Total                                 $280,000               $315,000
                                      ========               ========
--------------------------    ----------------------- ----------------------

Audit Fees

         Represents fees for professional services provided for the audit of our
annual financial statements, audit of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial  reporting,  services  that are  performed  to comply  with  generally
accepted auditing standards,  and review of our financial statements included in
our quarterly  reports and services in connection  with statutory and regulatory
filings.
<PAGE> 79
Audit-Related Fees

         Represents  the fees for  assurance  and  related  services  that  were
reasonably  related to the  performance  of the audit or review of our financial
statements.

         The Audit Committee has determined that McGladrey's  rendering of these
audit-related  services was compatible with maintaining auditor's  independence.
The Board of Directors considered McGladrey to be well qualified to serve as our
independent public accountants.  The committee also pre-approved the charges for
services performed in 2007 and 2008.

         The Audit Committee  pre-approves  all auditing  services and the terms
thereof  (which  may  include  providing  comfort  letters  in  connection  with
securities  underwriting) and non-audit  services (other than non-audit services
prohibited  under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act or the applicable  rules of
the SEC or the Public Company  Accounting  Oversight Board) to be provided to us
by the independent auditor;  provided,  however, the pre-approval requirement is
waived with respect to the  provisions  of non-audit  services for us if the "de
minimus"  provisions of Section 10A (i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act are satisfied.
This authority to pre-approve non-audit services may be delegated to one or more
members of the Audit  Committee,  who shall present all decisions to pre-approve
an activity to the full Audit  Committee  at its first  meeting  following  such
decision.


                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

(a) Financial  Statements  and Schedules - See index to financial  statements on
page F-1 of this Annual Report.



       All other  schedules  called for under  regulation  S-X are not submitted
       because they are not applicable or not required,  or because the required
       information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto.

(b) Exhibits - See exhibit index below.

       Except as disclosed in the footnotes,  the following  exhibits were filed
with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as  exhibits  to our  Form S-1
Registration  Statement  (No.  33-93314)  or  amendments  thereto and are hereby
incorporated by reference:

Exhibit
No.                     Description

2.1  First Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated March 11, 2003,  by and between the
     Company and ISI.(1)

2.2  Second Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated March 11, 2003, by and between the
     Company and ISI.(1)

3.1  Amended and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the  Company,  as
     amended, along with Certificates of Designations.

3.1.1 Series E Preferred Stock.

3.2  Amended and Restated By-laws of Registrant. (17)

4.1  Specimen certificate representing our Common Stock.
<PAGE> 80
4.2  Rights  Agreement,  dated as of November 19, 2002,  between the Company and
     Continental  Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  The Right Agreement  includes
     the Form of  Certificate  of  Designation,  Preferences  and  Rights of the
     Series  A  Junior  Participating   Preferred  Stock,  the  Form  of  Rights
     Certificate and the Summary of the Right to Purchase Preferred Stock.(2)

4.3  Form of 6% Convertible Debenture of the Company issued in March 2003.(1)

4.4  Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in March 2003.(1)

4.5  Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in June 2003.(3)

4.6  Form of 6% Convertible Debenture of the Company issued in July 2003.(4)

4.7  Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in July 2003.(4)

4.8  Form of 6% Convertible Debenture of the Company issued in October 2003.(5)

4.9  Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in October 2003.(5)

4.10 Form of 6% Convertible Debenture of the Company issued in January 2004.(6)

4.11 Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in January 2004.(6)

4.12 Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company. (9)

4.13 Amendment  Agreement,  effective  October 6, 2005, by and among the Company
     and  debenture  holders.(11)  4.14 Form of Series A amended 7%  Convertible
     Debenture of the Company  (amending  Debenture  due October 31,  2005).(11)
     4.15 Form of Series B  amended  7%  Convertible  Debenture  of the  Company
     (amending  Debenture  issued  on  January  26,  2004  and due  January  31,
     2006).(11)

4.16 Form of Series C amended 7% Convertible  Debenture of the Company (amending
     Debenture issued on July 13, 2004 and due January 31, 2006).(11)

4.17 Form of Warrant  issued  effective  October 6, 2005 for Common Stock of the
     Company.(11)

4.18 Form of  Commitment  Warrant  issued in  February  2009  under the  Standby
     Financing Agreement.*

4.19 Form of Indenture filed with Universal shelf registration statement.(18)

10.1 1990 Stock Option Plan.

10.2 1992 Stock Option Plan.

10.3 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

10.4 Form of Confidentiality, Invention and Non-Compete Agreement.

10.5 Form of Clinical Research Agreement.

10.6 Form of Collaboration Agreement.

10.7 Amended and  Restated  Employment  Agreement by and between the Company and
     Dr. William A. Carter, dated as of July 1, 1993.(7)

10.8 Employment  Agreement by and between the Registrant and Robert E. Peterson,
     dated April 1, 2001.

10.9 License  Agreement  by and  between  the  Company  and  The  Johns  Hopkins
     University, dated December 31, 1980.

10.10Technology  Transfer,  Patent  License and Supply  Agreement by and between
     the Company,  Pharmacia LKB Biotechnology Inc.,  Pharmacia P-L Biochemicals
     Inc. and E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, dated November 24, 1987.

10.11Pharmaceutical  Use  Agreement,  by and  between  the  Company  and  Temple
     University, dated August 3, 1988.

10.12Assignment  and  Research  Support  Agreement  by and between the  Company,
     Hahnemann  University  and Dr. David Strayer,  Dr. lsadore  Brodsky and Dr.
     David Gillespie, dated June 30, 1989.

10.13Lease  Agreement  between  the Company  and Red Gate  Limited  Partnership,
     dated  November 1, 1989,  relating  to the  Company's  Rockville,  Maryland
     facility.
<PAGE> 81
10.14 Agreement between the Company and Bioclones (Proprietary) Limited.

10.15Amendment,  dated  August 3, 1995,  to  Agreement  between  the Company and
     Bioclones (Proprietary) Limited (contained in Exhibit 10.14).

10.16 Licensing Agreement with Core BioTech Corp.

10.17 Licensing Agreement with BioPro Corp.

10.18 Licensing Agreement with BioAegean Corp.

10.19 Agreement with Esteve.

10.20 Agreement with Accredo (formerly Gentiva) Health Services.

10.21 Agreement with Biovail Corporation International.

10.22Forbearance  Agreement  dated  March  11,  2003,  by  and  between  ISI,the
     American National Red Cross and the Company.(1)

10.23Forbearance  Agreement  dated  March  11,  2003,  by and  between  ISI,  GP
     Strategies Corporation and the Company.(1)

10.24Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  March 12,  2003,  by and among the
     Company and the Buyers named therein.(1)

10.25Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  March 12,  2003,  by and among the
     Company and the Buyers named therein.(1)

10.26Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  July 10,  2003,  by and  among the
     Company and the Buyers named therein.(4)

10.27Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  July 10,  2003,  by and  among the
     Company and the Buyers named therein.(4)

10.28Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  October 29, 2003, by and among the
     Company and the Buyers named therein.(5)

10.29Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  October 29, 2003, by and among the
     Company and the Buyers named therein.(5)

10.30Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  January 26, 2004, by and among the
     Company and the Buyers named therein.(6)

10.31Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  January 26, 2004, by and among the
     Company and the Buyers named therein.(6)

10.32 Memorandum of Understanding with Fujisawa. (8)

10.33Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  July 30,  2004,  by and  among the
     Company and the Purchasers named therein.(9)

10.34Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  July 30,  2004,  by and  among the
     Company and the Purchasers named therein. (9)

10.35 Agreement for services of R. Douglas Hulse, (12)

10.36 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Dr. William A. Carter. (10)

10.37 Engagement Agreement with Dr. William A. Carter. (10)

10.38 Amended and restated employment agreement of Dr. William A. Carter (12)

10.39 Amended and restated engagement agreement with Dr. William A. Carter (12)

10.40 Amended and restated engagement agreement with Robert E. Peterson (12)

10.41 Engagement Agreement with Ransom W. Etheridge (12)

10.42 Change in control agreement with Dr. William A. Carter (12)

10.43 Change in control agreement with Dr. William A. Carter (12)

10.44 Change in control agreement with Robert E. Peterson (12)

10.45 Change in control agreement with Ransom Etheridge (12)

10.46 Supply Agreement with Hollister-Stier Laboratories LLC

10.47 Manufacturing and Safety Agreement with Hyaluron, Inc.

10.48Common  Stock  Purchase  Agreement,  dated July 8,  2005,  by and among the
     Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.(13)

10.49Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  July 8,  2005,  by and  among  the
     Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.(13)

10.48Common Stock  Purchase  Agreement,  dated April 12, 2006,  by and among the
     Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.(14)

10.49Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  April 12,  2006,  by and among the
     Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.(14)

10.50 Supply Agreement with Hollister-Stier Laboratories LLC.(15)

10.51 Manufacturing and Safety Agreement with Hyaluron, Inc. (15)
<PAGE> 82
10.52April 19, 2006  Amendment to Common Stock  Purchase  Agreement by and among
     the Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.(15)

10.53July 21, 2006 Letter  Amendment to Common Stock  Purchase  Agreement by and
     among the Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.(15)

10.54 Royalty Purchase Agreement with Stem Cell Innovations, Inc. (15)

10.55 Biken Activating Agreement. (16)

10.56 Biken Material Evaluation Agreement. (16)

10.57Common  Stock  Purchase  Agreement,  dated July 2,  2008,  by and among the
     Company and Fusion Capital.(19)

10.58Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  July 2,  2008,  by and  among  the
     Company and Fusion Capital.(19)

10.59Amendment to Common Stock Purchase  Agreement,  dated July 23, 2008, by and
     among the Company and Fusion Capital.(20)

10.60 Employee Wage Or Hours Reduction Program.*

10.61 Standby Financing Agreement.*

10.62 Engagement Agreement with Charles T. Bernhardt, CPA.*

10.63 Goal Achievement Incentive Award Program. (21)

21   Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23.1 McGladrey & Pullen, LLP consent.*

31.1 Certification  pursuant  to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
     from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.*

31.2 Certification  pursuant  to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
     from the Company's Chief Financial Officer.*

32.1 Certification  pursuant  to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
     from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.*

32.2 Certification  pursuant  to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
     from the Company's Chief Financial Officer.*

------------------------------------------------------------

  *      Filed herewith

(1)  Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated March 12, 2003 and
     is hereby incorporated by reference.

(2)  Filed with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission on November 20, 2002 as
     an  exhibit  to the  Company's  Registration  Statement  on Form  8-A  (No.
     0-27072) and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(3)  Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated June 27, 2003 and
     is hereby incorporated by reference.

(4)  Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated July 14, 2003 and
     is hereby incorporated by reference.

(5)  Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated October 30, 2003
     and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(6)  Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated January 27, 2004
     and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(7)  Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  quarterly report on Form 10-Q (No. 1-13441) for the period ended
     September 30, 2001 and is hereby incorporated by reference.
<PAGE> 83
(8)  Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's Form S-1  Registration  Statement (No.  333-113796) and is hereby
     incorporated by reference.

(9)  Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated August 6, 2004 and
     is hereby incorporated by reference.

(10) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated September 15, 2004
     and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(11) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A-1 (No. 1-13441) filed on October 28,
     2005 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(12) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  annual  report  on Form 10-K (No.  1-13441)  for the year  ended
     December 31, 2004 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(13) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated September 15, 2005
     and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(14) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated April 12, 2006 and
     is hereby incorporated by reference.

(15) Filed with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission on July 31, 2006 as an
     exhibit to the Company's Form S-1 Registration  Statement (No.  333-136187)
     and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(16) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated December 13, 2007
     and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(17) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) filed October 22, 2008
     and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(18) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's Form S-3  Registration  Statement (No.  333-151696) and is hereby
     incorporated by reference.

(19) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) filed July 8, 2008 and
     is hereby incorporated by reference.

(20) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  quarterly report on Form 10-Q (No. 1-13441) for the period ended
     June 30, 2008 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(21) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
     Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) filed November 28, 2008
     and is hereby incorporated by reference.

<PAGE> 84

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ William A. Carter
    ---------------------------------------------
        William A. Carter, M.D.
        Chief Executive Officer

March 13, 2009


Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
of 1934, as amended,  this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of this Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


/s/ William A. Carter     Chairman of the Board,             March 13, 2009
----------------------    Chief Executive
William A. Carter, M.D.   Officer and Director

/s/ Richard Piani         Director                           March  13, 2009
---------------------
Richard Piani

/s/ Charles T. Bernhardt  Chief Financial Officer (Interim)  March  13, 2009
------------------------
Charles T. Bernhardt CPA

/s/ Thomas Equels         Director                           March  13, 2009
-------------------
Thomas Equels

/s/ William Mitchell      Director                           March  13, 2009
---------------------
William Mitchell, M.D., Ph.D.

/s/ Iraj E. Kiani         Director                           March  13, 2009
-----------------
Iraj E. Kiani, Ph.D.


<PAGE> F1

                                       F-1

        HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES
        Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                 Page
  Report of Independent Registered
  Public Accounting Firm. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-2

  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December
  31, 2007 and 2008.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-3

  Consolidated Statements of Operations
  for each of the years in the three-year period
  ended December 31, 2008. . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F-4

  Consolidated  Statements of Changes in Stockholders'
  Equity and Comprehensive
  Loss for each of the years in the three-year period ended
  December 31, 2008  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  F-5

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
  each of the years in the three-year period ended
  December 31, 2008. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   F-6

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . .   F-8

  Schedule II - Valuation and qualifying Accounts
  for each of the years in the three year period
  ended December 31, 2008. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   F-41





<PAGE> F2




             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.


We have audited the consolidated  balance sheets of Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.
and  Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007 and 2008 and the related  consolidated
statements of operations,  stockholders'  equity and comprehensive loss and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December  31,  2008.  Our
audits also included the financial  statement schedule of Hemispherx  Biopharma,
Inc. listed in Item 15(a).  These financial  statements and financial  statement
schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly,  in  all  material  respects,   the  financial  position  of  Hemispherx
Biopharma,  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries  as of December  31, 2007 and 2008,  and the
results of their  operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended  December 31, 2008, in conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally  accepted in the United States of America.  Also, in our opinion,  the
related financial  statement  schedule for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2008, when  considered in relation to the basic  consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole,  presents fairly in all material respects
the information set forth therein.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight  Board (United  States),  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. and
Subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008,
based on criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated  Framework [issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)]
and our report dated March 13, 2009,  expressed  an  unqualified  opinion on the
effectiveness  of Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.'s internal control over financial
reporting.

/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP

Blue Bell, Pennsylvania
March 13, 2009


<PAGE> F3

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
                           December 31, 2007 and 2008

             (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)
<S>                                                                                    <C>                  <C>
                                                                                      2007                2008
                                                                                      ----                ----
                                    ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents (Notes 2 & 17)                                                $11,471             $6,119
 Short term investments (Notes 2 & 4)                                                      3,944                  -
 Inventories (Note 3)                                                                        511                864
 Accounts and other receivables (Note 2)                                                      77                  -
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                   146                330
 Assets held for sale (Note 2)                                                               450                  -

                                                                                 ----------------    --------------
         Total current assets                                                             16,599              7,313
                                                                                 ----------------    --------------

Property and equipment, net (Note 2)                                                       4,821              4,877
Patent and trademark rights, net (Notes 2 & 5)                                               958                969
Investment                                                                                    35                 35
Royalty interest, net (Note 5)                                                               243                  -
Construction in progress (Note 2)                                                            469                  -
Other assets                                                                                  17                 17

                                                                                 ----------------    --------------
         Total assets                                                                   $ 23,142            $13,211
                                                                                        ========            =======

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                                                         $1,118               $791
 Accrued expenses (Notes 2 & 6)                                                            1,069                876

                                                                                 ----------------    --------------
 Total current liabilities                                                                 2,187              1,667
                                                                                 ----------------    --------------


Commitments and contingencies
(Notes 10, 12, 13, 15)

Stockholders' equity (Note 8):
Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share,    authorized 5,000,000; issued
and outstanding; none                                                                          -                  -
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share, authorized 200,000,000 shares;
issued and outstanding 73,760,446 and 78,750,995, respectively
                                                                                              74                 79
 Additional paid-in capital                                                              206,078            208,874
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                        (7)                  -
 Accumulated deficit                                                                     (185,190)        (197,409)

                                                                                 ----------------    --------------
 Total stockholders' equity                                                               20,955             11,544
                                                                                 ----------------    --------------

 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                              $23,142            $13,211
                                                                                         =======            =======

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>


<PAGE> F4
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Consolidated Statements of Operations
                 (in thousands, except share and per share data)

                                                                          Years ended December 31,
                                                                        -----------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>                 <C>                 <C>
                                                                   2006                2007                2008
                                                                   ----                ----                ----

Revenues:
Sales of product, net                                                   $ 750               $ 925                $173
Clinical treatment programs                                               183                 134                  92
                                                                          ---                 ---                 ---

Total Revenues                                                            933               1,059                 265
                                                                          ---               -----                 ---

Costs and Expenses:
Production/cost of goods sold                                           1,275                 930                 798
Research and development                                               10,127              10,444               5,800
General and administrative                                              8,225               8,974               6,478
                                                                        -----               -----               -----

Total Costs and Expenses:                                              19,627              20,348              13,076
                                                                       ------              ------              ------

Operating loss                                                       (18,694)            (19,289)            (12,811)

Reversal of previously accrued interest expense                             -                 346                   -
Interest and other income                                                 554               1,200                 592
Interest expense                                                        (646)               (116)                   -
Financing costs (Note 7)                                                (613)               (280)                   -
                                                                        -----               -----             -------

Net loss                                                           $ (19,399)           $(18,139)          $ (12,219)
                                                                   ==========           =========          ==========

Basic and diluted loss per share                                      $ (.31)             $ (.25)              $(.16)
                                                                      =======             =======              ======

Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and Diluted
                                                                   61,815,358          71,839,782          75,142,075
                                                                   ==========         ===========          ==========


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>





<PAGE> F5

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive Loss
                        (in thousands except share data)
<S>                                             <C>               <C>        <C>           <C>             <C>              <C>
                                                               Common                   Accumulated
                                                               Stock .001  Additional      other                          Total
                                              Common Stock     Par Value   paid-in     Comprehensive    Accumulated    stockholders
                                               Shares                      capital      Income (loss)     deficit         equity
                                                ------         --------    -------      -------------      -------        ------
Balance December 31, 2005                     56,264,155         $ 56      $166,394         $  (171)    $ (147,652)         $18,627
Shares issued for:
   Payment of accounts payable                   111,085            -           272                -              -             272
   Conversion of debt                            400,642            1           832                -              -             833
   Warrants exercised                            255,416            1           671                -              -             672
   Interest on convertible debt                   80,724            -           177                -              -             177
   Private placement, net of issuance costs    9,393,014            9        20,090                -              -          20,099
   Purchase patents                               61,728            -           150                -              -             150
   Purchase royalty interest                     250,000            -           620                -              -             620
Stock-based compensation                               -            -         2,483                -              -           2,483
Net comprehensive loss                                 -            -             -              217       (19,399)        (19,182)
                                                ---------   ----------   -----------   -------------  ---- --------  -     --------
Balance December 31, 2006                      66,816,764          67       191,689               46      (167,051)          24,751
Shares issued for:
   Interest on convertible debt                   116,745           -           193                -              -             193
   Private placement, net of issuance costs     6,651,502           7        11,613                -              -          11,620
   Stock issued for set tlement of
     accounts  payable                            175,435           -           292                -              -             292
Stock based compensation                                -           -         2,291                -              -           2,291
Net comprehensive loss                                  -           -             -             (53)       (18,139)        (18,192)
                                               ----------   ----------   -----------   -------------  ---- --------  --    --------
Balance December 31, 2007                      73,760,446          74       206,078              (7)      (185,190)          20,955
Shares issued for:
   Private placement, net of issuance costs     1,211,122           1           269                -              -             270
   Settlement of accounts payable               3,779,427           4         1,954                -              -           1,958
Stock based compensation                                -           -           573                -              -             573
Net comprehensive loss                                  -           -             -                7       (12,219)        (12,212)
                                               ----------   ----------   -----------   -------------    -----------        --------
Balance December 31, 2008                      78,750,995        $ 79     $ 208,874            $   -    $ (197,409)         $11,544
                                               ==========   ==========   ===========   =============    ===========         =======

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements



<PAGE> F6
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                 (in thousands)


                                                                                Years ended December 31,
                                                                                ------------------------
<S>                                                                          <C>              <C>                <C>
                                                                            2006             2007              2008
                                                                            ----             ----              ----
Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss                                                                $(19,399)        $(18,139)         $(12,219)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
 Depreciation of property and
   equipment                                                                   192              266               342
 Amortization of patent, trademark   rights, and royalty
     interest                                                                  180              170               374
 Amortization of deferred
   financing costs                                                             608              281                 -
 Stock option and warrant
   compensation and service
   expense                                                                   2,483            2,291               573
Impairment losses                                                                -              526                 -
 Inventory reserve                                                             141              109              (65)
 Interest on convertible debt                                                  177              181                 -
Changes in assets and liabilities:
 Inventory                                                                     669              337             (288)
 Accounts and other receivables                                                  3            (148)                77
 Assets held for sale                                                            -            (678)               450
 Prepaid expenses and other
   current assets                                                             (26)               22             (184)
 Accounts payable                                                              829            (138)             1,702
 Accrued expenses                                                              396            (192)             (120)
                                                                  ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
 Net cash used in operating
   activities                                                             (13,747)         (15,112)           (9,358)
                                                                  ----------------- ----------------  ----------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchases of property and
     Equipment and construction in    progress, net
                                                                           (1,351)            (212)              (73)
 Additions to patent and trademark
   rights                                                                     (73)            (211)             (142)
 Maturities of short term
   investments                                                              12,548           21,132             3,951
 Purchase of short term
   investments                                                            (18,329)          (6,754)                 -
                                                                  ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
 Net cash (used in) provided by
   investing activities                                                   $(7,205)          $13,955            $3,736
                                                                          ========          =======            ======
<PAGE> F7
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                 (in thousands)

                                                                                 Years ended December 31,
                                                                                 ------------------------
<S>                                                                         <C>                <C>              <C>
                                                                           2006               2007             2008
                                                                          ----               ----              ----
Cash flows from financing activities:

 Proceeds from issuance of common
   stock, net                                                             $20,099           $11,620             $ 270
 Payment of long-term debt                                                      -            (4,102)                -
 Collection of advance receivable                                               -             1,464                 -
 Proceeds from exercise of stock
   warrants                                                                   672                 -                 -

                                                                ------------------ ------------------ ---------------
 Net cash provided by financing
   activities                                                              20,771             8,892               270
                                                                ------------------ ------------------ ---------------

 Net (decrease) increase in cash
   and cash equivalents                                                      (181)            7,825           (5,352)

Cash and cash equivalents at  beginning of year
                                                                            3,827             3,646            11,471
                                                                ------------------ ------------------ ---------------

Cash and cash equivalents  at end of year                                 $ 3,646           $11,471            $6,119
                                                                           =======           =======           ======

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Issuance of common stock for
   accounts payable and accrued
   expenses                                                                 $ 272             $ 292             1,958
                                                                            =====             =====          ========
Issuance of common stock for
   debt conversion, interest payments and debt payments
                                                                          $ 1,010             $ 181                 -
                                                                          =======             =====          ========
Common stock issued for
   purchase of patents and royalty interest
                                                                            $ 770             $  -                  -
                                                                            =====             =====           =======
Unrealized gains/(losses) on investments
                                                                          $   217            $ (53)              $  7
                                                                          =======            ======              ====

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> F8

                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) Business


     The  Company  is  a  biopharmaceutical  company  engaged  in  the  clinical
development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of new drug therapies based
on natural immune system  enhancing  technologies for the treatment of viral and
immune based chronic disorders. The Company was founded in the early 1970s doing
contract  research for the National  Institutes of Health.  Since that time, the
Company has  established a strong  foundation of laboratory,  pre-clinical,  and
clinical  data with respect to the  development  of nucleic acids to enhance the
natural antiviral defense system of the human body and to aid the development of
therapeutic products for the treatment of certain chronic diseases.

     The consolidated  financial  statements include the financial statements of
Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. and its wholly-owned  subsidiaries.  The Company has
three  domestic  subsidiaries  BioPro Corp.,  BioAegean  Corp.  and Core BioTech
Corp., all of which are incorporated in Delaware and are dormant.  The Company's
foreign subsidiary of Hemispherx  Biopharma Europe N.V./S.A.  was established in
Belgium in 1998, which has limited or no activity. All significant  intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

     On October 10, 2007, the Company filed a New Drug Application  ("NDA") with
the US Food and Drug Administration  ("FDA") for using Ampligen to treat Chronic
Fatigue  Syndrome.  The Company received notice on December 5, 2007 from the FDA
that its  submission  was  determined  to be  insufficiently  complete to permit
substantive  review.  On January 8, 2008, the Company formally  submitted to the
FDA its response to all 14 questions  posed by the FDA. The Company met with the
FDA on February 8, 2008 to discuss the outstanding issues.

     On July 7, 2008, the U.S. Food and Drug  Administration  (FDA) accepted for
review the Company's New Drug Application (NDA) for Ampligen(R), an experimental
therapeutic to treat Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome (CFS),  originally  submitted in
October  2007.  The Company is seeking  marketing  approval  for the  first-ever
treatment for CFS.

     On  February  18,  2009,  the  Company  was  notified  by the FDA  that the
originally  scheduled  Prescription Drug User Fee Act ("PDUFA") date of February
25, 2009 has been  extended to May 25, 2009.  For more  information  on the NDA,
please see "Note 19:  Subsequent  Events" under Notes to Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

(a) Cash and Cash Equivalents

     Cash and Cash Equivalents  consist of cash and money market with fair value
of $11,471,000 and $6,119,000 at December 31, 2007 and 2008, respectively.
<PAGE> F9
(b) Short-term Investments

     Investments  with  original  maturities  of more than three months and less
than 12 months and marketable  equity  securities  are considered  available for
sale. The  investments  classified as available for sale include debt securities
and equity securities  carried at estimated fair value of $3,944,000 at December
31,  2007.  The  unrealized  gains and losses are  recorded  as a  component  of
stockholders'  equity.  At  December  31,  2008 the  Company  has no short  term
investments.

(c) Assets held for sale

     Assets  held for sale  consisted  of  equipment  purchases  related  to the
purified  water system that was to be installed at the  Company's  manufacturing
facility in New Brunswick, NJ. The Company reevaluated their manufacturing needs
to determine  the  cost/benefit  for  installing  the  purified  water system as
compared to selling this asset. As a result of this process, in 2007 the Company
reclassed the Equipment of $678,000 to Assets Held for Sale and then recorded an
impairment charge of $228,000 to bring the cost down to its net realizable value
of $450,000 as per SFAS No. 144,  "Accounting  for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived  Assets".  In December 2008, the asset was sold for $450,000  without
the need to recognize gain or loss on sale.

(d) Property and Equipment                            (in thousands)
                                                       December 31,
                                                      ------------
                                                  2007             2008
                                                 ------          ------
Land, buildings and improvements                 $4,094          $4,094
Furniture, fixtures, and equipment                2,097           2,495
Leasehold improvements                               85              85
                                                -------         -------
Total property and equipment                      6,276           6,674
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization    1,455           1,797
                                                 ------          ------
Property and equipment, net                      $4,821          $4,877
                                                 ======          ======

     Property and equipment is recorded at cost.  Depreciation  and amortization
is computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated  useful lives of
the respective assets, ranging from five to thirty-nine years.

     Construction in progress  consists of funds used for the  construction  and
installation of property and equipment within the Company's New Jersey facility.
As of December 31, 2007,  construction  in progress  was  $469,000.  $130,000 of
equipment  was  returned to the  manufacturer  and the  balance of $339,000  was
reclassified  to  equipment  along with  $59,000 of new  equipment  purchased in
November 2008

(e) Patent and Trademark Rights

     Patents and  trademarks are stated at cost  (primarily  legal fees) and are
amortized using the straight line method over the established  useful life of 17
years.  The Company  reviews its patents and trademark  rights  periodically  to
determine  whether they have continuing  value. Such review includes an analysis
of the patent and  trademark's  ultimate  revenue and  profitability  potential.
Management's  review  addresses  whether  each patent  continues to fit into the
Company's strategic business plans.
<PAGE> F10
(f) Revenue

     Revenue from the sale of Ampligen(R) under cost recovery clinical treatment
protocols  approved by the FDA is  recognized  when the treatment is provided to
the patient.

     Revenues from the sale of Alferon N Injection(R)  are  recognized  when the
product is shipped, as title is transferred to the customer.  The Company has no
other obligation associated with its products once shipment has occurred.

     Commercial sales of Alferon N Injection(R) were halted in April 2008 as the
current expiration date of their finished goods inventory expired in March 2008.
The FDA has  declined to respond to the  Company's  requests for an extension of
the expiration  date,  therefore  they consider the request to be denied.  Since
their  testing of the product  indicates  that it is not  impaired  and could be
safely  utilized,  the finished goods  inventory of 2,745 Alferon N Injection(R)
5ml vials will be used to produce  approximately  11,000,000 sachets of Low Dose
Oral Alferon (LDO) for future clinical trials.


(g) Net Loss Per Share

     Basic and diluted net loss per share is computed using the weighted average
number of shares of common  stock  outstanding  during  the  period.  Equivalent
common shares,  consisting of stock options and warrants including the Company's
convertible  debentures,  amounted  to  26,016,660,  16,686,281  and  29,335,536
shares,  are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the
years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008,  respectively,  since their effect
is antidilutive.

(h) Accounting for Income taxes

     The  Company  adopted  the  provisions  of  FASB   Interpretation  No.  48,
Accounting  for  Uncertainty  in Income Taxes on January 1, 2008. As a result of
the  implementation of  Interpretation  48, there has been no material change to
the Company's tax position as they have not paid any corporate  income taxes due
to operating  losses.  All tax benefits will likely not be recognized due to the
substantial  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  which will most  likely not be
realized prior to expiration.  With no tax due for the foreseeable  future,  the
Company has determined that a policy to determine the accounting for interest or
penalties related to the payment of tax is not necessary at this time.

     Deferred  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  determined  based  on
differences  between the financial  statement  reporting and tax bases of assets
and  liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws in effect
when the differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred income
tax assets is  reduced,  if  necessary,  by a  valuation  allowance  for any tax
benefits,  which are not expected to be realized.  The effect on deferred income
tax assets and  liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period
that such tax rate changes are enacted.

(i) Comprehensive loss

     Comprehensive  loss consists of net loss and net unrealized  gains (losses)
on  securities  and is presented in the  consolidated  statements  of changes in
stockholders' equity and comprehensive loss.
<PAGE> F11
(j) Use of Estimates

     The  preparation  of financial  statements  in conformity  with  accounting
principles   generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America  requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and  liabilities  and disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial  statements  and the reported  amounts of revenues and
expenses  for the  reporting  period.  Actual  results  could  differ from those
estimates.


(k) Recent Accounting Standards and Pronouncements:

     The  Emerging  Issues  Task  Force  (EITF)  issued  in 2007  the  following
guidance:

o        Issue  No.  07-1,  "Accounting  for  Collaborative   Arrangements"  was
         established  to  define  collaborative  arrangements  and to  establish
         reporting  requirements  for  transactions  between  participants  in a
         collaborative  arrangement and between  participants in the arrangement
         and third parties.  The Company has no  collaborative  arrangements and
         this issue has no impact on the financial statements.

o        Issue No. 07-3,  "Accounting  for  Nonrefundable  Advance  Payments for
         Goods or Services  Received for Use in Future  Research and Development
         Activities"  provides guidance that nonrefundable  advance payments for
         goods or services,  that will be used or rendered  for future  research
         and development  activities,  should be deferred and capitalized.  Such
         amounts  should be  recognized  as an expense as the related  goods are
         delivered  or the  related  services  are  performed.  Entities  should
         continue to evaluate  whether  they expect the goods to be delivered or
         services to be  rendered.  If an entity does not expect the goods to be
         delivered or services to be rendered,  the capitalized  advance payment
         should be charged to expense.  The Company is in  compliance  with this
         issue in  reference to the Lovelace  Laboratories  advance  payment for
         research and development.

o        Issue No.  07-5,  "Determining  Whether an  Instrument  (or an Embedded
         Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's  Own Stock"  provides  guidance  for
         determining whether an equity-linked  financial instrument (or embedded
         feature)  is indexed to an entity's  own stock.  This is required to be
         applied in the 1st Quarter of 2009 and the Company is in the process of
         determining  the effect,  but the Company  does not expect it to have a
         material effect on the financial statements.

     On February  15,  2007,  the FASB issued FASB  Statement  No. 159, The Fair
Value  Option for  Financial  Assets and  Financial  Liabilities  - Including an
Amendment of FASB  Statement No. 115. This standard  permits an entity to choose
to measure many  financial  instruments  and certain  other items at fair value.
This   option  is   available   to  all   entities,   including   not-for-profit
organizations.  Most of the  provisions in Statement 159 are elective;  however,
the amendment to FASB Statement No. 115,  Accounting for Certain  Investments in
Debt and Equity Securities,  applies to all entities with available-for-sale and
trading securities.  Some requirements apply differently to entities that do not
report net income.  The FASB's  stated  objective in issuing this standard is as
follows:  "to  improve  financial  reporting  by  providing  entities  with  the
opportunity  to mitigate  volatility  in reported  earnings  caused by measuring
related assets and liabilities differently without having to apply complex hedge
accounting provisions".
<PAGE> F12
     The fair value option  established by Statement 159 permits all entities to
choose to measure  eligible items at fair value at specified  election  dates. A
business entity will report  unrealized  gains and losses on items for which the
fair value option has been elected in earnings (or another performance indicator
if the business entity does not report  earnings) at each  subsequent  reporting
date. A not-for-profit  organization  will report unrealized gains and losses in
its statement of activities or similar statement. The fair value option: (a) may
be applied instrument by instrument,  with a few exceptions, such as investments
otherwise  accounted for by the equity method; (b) is irrevocable  (unless a new
election date occurs);  and (c) is applied only to entire instruments and not to
portions of instruments.

     Statement 159 was effective as of the beginning of an entity's first fiscal
year that begins after November 15, 2007.  The Company  elected not to adopt the
fair value option for any eligible instruments.

     On  December  4,  2007,   the  FASB   issued   FASB   Statement   No.  160,
"Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements - An Amendment of
ARB No.  51."  Statement  160 that  established  new  accounting  and  reporting
standards  for  the  noncontrolling   interest  in  a  subsidiary  and  for  the
deconsolidation  of a  subsidiary.  Specifically,  this  statement  required the
recognition of a noncontrolling  interest  (minority  interest) as equity in the
consolidated  financial  statements and separate from the parent's  equity.  The
amount  of net  income  attributable  to the  noncontrolling  interest  would be
included  in  consolidated  net  income  on the  face of the  income  statement.
Statement  160  clarified  that  changes in a parent's  ownership  interest in a
subsidiary that do not result in deconsolidation  are equity transactions if the
parent retains its controlling financial interest.  In addition,  this statement
required that a parent  recognize a gain or loss in net income when a subsidiary
is  deconsolidated.  Such gain or loss would be measured using the fair value of
the noncontrolling  equity investment on the deconsolidation date. Statement 160
also included expanded  disclosure  requirements  regarding the interests of the
parent and its noncontrolling interest.

     Statement  160 is effective for fiscal years,  and interim  periods  within
those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008. Earlier adoption is
prohibited. The Company believes adoption of this standard in 2009 will not have
an impact on the financial condition or the results of the Company's operations.

     On April  21,  2008,  the FASB  posted a revised  FASB  Statement  No.  133
Implementation   guidance  for  Issues  I1,   Interaction   of  the   Disclosure
Requirements  of Statement 133 and Statement 47, and K4,  Miscellaneous:  Income
Statement  Classification  of  Hedge  Ineffectiveness  and  the  Component  of a
Derivative's  Gain or Loss Excluded from the Assessment of Hedge  Effectiveness.
The  revisions  relate to the issuance of FASB  Statement  No. 161,  Disclosures
about  Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities.  The  Company  believes
adoption  of this  standard  has no impact  on the  financial  condition  or the
results of the Company's operations.

     The FASB has issued FASB  Statement  No. 162,  The  Hierarchy  of Generally
Accepted Accounting  Principles.  Statement 162 is intended to improve financial
reporting by  identifying a consistent  framework,  or hierarchy,  for selecting
accounting  principles  to be used in preparing  financial  statements  that are
presented in conformity with U.S. generally accepted  accounting  principles for
nongovernmental entities. The hierarchy under Statement 162 is as follows:
<PAGE> F13
     * FASB Statements of Financial  Accounting  Standards and  Interpretations,
FASB Statement 133 Implementation Issues, FASB Staff Positions, AICPA Accounting
Research  Bulletins  and  Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinions  that  are not
superseded by actions of the FASB,  and Rules and  interpretive  releases of the
SEC for SEC registrants.

     * FASB  Technical  Bulletins  and, if cleared by the FASB,  AICPA  Industry
Audit and Accounting Guides and Statements of Position.

     * AICPA Accounting  Standards  Executive  Committee Practice Bulletins that
have been cleared by the FASB,  consensus  positions of the EITF, and Appendix D
EITF topics.

     Statement  162 is effective  60 days  following  the SEC's  approval of the
PCAOB  amendments to AU Section 411, The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity
with  Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles.  Since  Statement 162 is only
effective for nongovernmental  entities, the GAAP hierarchy will remain in AICPA
Statement on Auditing  Standards (SAS) No. 69, The Meaning of "Present Fairly in
Conformity  with Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles" in the Independent
Auditor's  Report,  for  state  and  local  governmental  entities  and  federal
governmental  entities.  The Company believes the adoption of this standard will
not have an impact on the  financial  condition or the results of the  Company's
operations.

     The FASB issued FASB Statement No. 163,  Accounting for Financial Guarantee
Insurance  Contracts.  This new standard  clarifies  how FASB  Statement No. 60,
Accounting  and  Reporting  by  Insurance  Enterprises,   applies  to  financial
guarantee  insurance  contracts issued by insurance  enterprises,  including the
recognition and measurement of premium  revenue and claim  liabilities.  It also
requires expanded disclosures about financial guarantee insurance contracts.

     Statement 163 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning  after December 15, 2008, and all interim  periods within those fiscal
years, except for disclosures about the insurance  enterprise's  risk-management
activities,  which are effective the first period  (including  interim  periods)
beginning  after May 23,  2008.  Except for the  required  disclosures,  earlier
application is not permitted. The Company believes the adoption of this standard
in 2009 will not have an impact on the financial condition or the results of the
Company's operations.

(l) Equity Based Compensation

     The  Equity  Plan   effective  May  1,  2004,   authorizes   the  grant  of
non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock and other stock awards.  A maximum of 8,000,000  shares of common stock is
reserved  for  potential  issuance  pursuant to awards  under the Equity Plan of
2004. Unless sooner terminated,  the Equity Plan of 2004 will continue in effect
for a period of 10 years from its effective date.

     The Equity Incentive Plan of 2007, effective June 20, 2007,  authorizes the
grant of non-qualified and incentive stock options,  stock appreciation  rights,
restricted stock and other stock awards. A maximum of 8,000,000 shares of common
stock is reserved  for  potential  issuance  pursuant to awards under the Equity
Incentive Plan of 2007. Unless sooner  terminated,  the Equity Incentive Plan of
2007 will continue in effect for a period of 10 years from its effective date.
<PAGE> F14
     The  Equity  Plan  of 2004  and  the  Equity  Incentive  Plan  of 2007  are
administered by the Board of Directors.  The Plans provide for awards to be made
to such officers, other key employees,  non-employee directors,  consultants and
advisors of the Company and its subsidiaries as the Board may select.

     Stock options awarded under the Plans may be exercisable at such times (not
later than 10 years  after the date of grant) and at such  exercise  prices (not
less than fair  market  value at the date of grant) as the Board may  determine.
The Board may  provide  for  options to become  immediately  exercisable  upon a
"change  in  control,"  which is  defined  in the Plans to occur upon any of the
following  events:  (a) the  acquisition  by any person or group,  as beneficial
owner,  of 20% or more of the  outstanding  shares  or the  voting  power of the
outstanding securities of the Company; (b) either a majority of the directors of
the Company at the annual stockholders  meeting has been nominated other than by
or at the  direction of the incumbent  directors of the Board,  or the incumbent
directors  cease to  constitute  a  majority  of the  Company's  Board;  (c) the
Company's  stockholders  approve a merger or other business combination pursuant
to which the outstanding  common stock of the Company no longer  represents more
than  50% of the  combined  entity  after  the  transaction;  (d) the  Company's
stockholders approve a plan of complete liquidation or an agreement for the sale
or disposition of all or substantially  all of the Company's  assets; or (e) any
other event or circumstance  determined by the Company's Board to affect control
of the Company and designated by resolution of the Board as a change of control.

     Effective  January 1, 2006, the Company  adopted FAS 123R.  Under FAS 123R,
share-based  compensation  cost is  measured  at the  grant  date,  based on the
estimated  fair  value of the  award,  and is  recognized  as  expense  over the
requisite service period. The Company adopted the provisions of FAS 123R using a
modified  prospective  application.  Under  this  method,  compensation  cost is
recognized for all share-based  payments granted,  modified or settled after the
date of adoption,  as well as for any unvested awards that were granted prior to
the date of adoption.  Prior periods are not revised for  comparative  purposes.
Because the Company previously adopted only the pro forma disclosure  provisions
of FAS 123, it will recognize compensation cost relating to the unvested portion
of awards granted prior to the date of adoption,  using the same estimate of the
grant-date fair value and the same attribution  method used to determine the pro
forma  disclosures under FAS 123, except that forfeiture rates will be estimated
for all options,  as required by FAS 123R. The cumulative effect of applying the
forfeiture rates is not material.

     The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using
a Black-Scholes  option  valuation  model.  Expected  volatility is based on the
historical  volatility  of the  price  of the  Company's  stock.  The  risk-free
interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury issues with a term equal to the expected
life of the  option.  The Company  uses  historical  data to  estimate  expected
dividend  yield,  expected  life and  forfeiture  rates.  The fair values of the
options  granted,  were  estimated  based  on  the  following  weighted  average
assumptions:

                                              December 31,
                           2006                   2007                2008
                            ----                  ----                ----

Risk-free interest rate  4.3 - 5.0%          3.39 - 4.77%        2.52 - 3.74%
Expected dividend yield      -                    -                   -
Expected lives           2.5 - 5 yrs           5 yrs               2.5-5 yrs
Expected volatility    72.62 - 79.31%       70.01 - 77.52%      73.84 - 79.2%
<PAGE> F15
Weighted  average fair
value of options and
warrants  issued in the
years 2006, 2007 and
2008 respectively        $2,503,000          $2,216,091           $473,954


     For stock  warrants  or  options  granted  to  non-employees,  the  Company
measures fair value of the equity instruments utilizing the Black-Scholes method
if  that  value  is  more  reliably  measurable  than  the  fair  value  of  the
consideration  or service  received.  The Company  amortizes  such cost over the
related period of service.

     The exercise  price of all stock  warrants  granted was equal to or greater
than the fair market value of the  underlying  common stock as defined by APB 25
on the date of the grant.


     Stock option  activity during the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2008 is
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Stock option activity for employees:
<S>                                              <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
                                                                        Weighted
                                                             Weighted   Average
                                                             Average    Remaining     Aggregate
                                               Number of     Exercise   Contracted    Intrinsic
                                                Options      Price      Term (Years)  Value
                                               ---------    -------     ---------     --------
Outstanding January 1, 2006                     1,133,948    $2.19         7.07            -
Options granted                                   870,742     2.94         9.22            -
Options forfeited                                  (2,721)   (1.47)           -            -
                                               ----------   -------      -------      --------
Outstanding December 31, 2006                   2,001,969     2.51         8.01            -

Options granted                                 2,624,120     2.77         9.05            -

Options forfeited                                       -        -            -            -
                                               ----------  --------      -------      --------

Outstanding December 31, 2007                   4,626,089    $2.66         8.25            -
Options Granted                                 1,655,000     2.42         9.69            -
Options Forfeited                                 (22,481)    2.13            -            -
                                               ----------  --------     --------      --------
Outstanding December 31, 2008                   6,258,608    $2.60         7.92            -
                                                =========  ========     ========      ========
Exercisable December 31, 2008                   6,181,664    $2.61         7.95            -
                                                =========  ========     ========      ========

The  weighted-average  grant-date fair value of employee  options granted during
the year 2008 was $0.19.
</TABLE>

<PAGE> F16
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Unvested stock option activity for employees:
<S>                                              <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
                                                                        Weighted
                                                             Weighted   Average
                                                             Average    Remaining     Aggregate
                                               Number of     Exercise   Contracted    Intrinsic
                                                Options      Price      Term (Years)  Value

                                              ---------    -------     ---------     --------
Outstanding January 1, 2006                     54,314       $2.28        7.50           -
Options granted                                 62,393        2.20       10.00           -
Options forfeited                               (2,721)      (1.47)          -           -
                                               ---------    -------     ---------     --------
Outstanding December 31, 2006                   113,986       2.26        9.05           -

Options granted                                 130,000       1.34       10.00           -

Options vested                                  (77,223)     (6.86)       8.29           -
                                               --------     --------    ---------     --------

Outstanding December 31, 2007                   166,673       $1.59       7.18           -
Options Granted                                   -0-           -0-        -0-           -
Options Vested                                  (73,420)       1.68       8.58           -
Options Forfeited                               (16,399)       2.00       6.18
                                                --------    --------    ---------     --------
Outstanding December 31, 2008                    76,944       $1.41       3.89           -
                                                 ======     ========    =========     ========

</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Stock option activity for non-employees during the year:
<S>                                              <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
                                                                        Weighted
                                                             Weighted   Average
                                                             Average    Remaining     Aggregate
                                               Number of     Exercise   Contracted    Intrinsic
                                                Options      Price      Term (Years)  Value

                                              ---------    -------     ---------     --------
Outstanding January 1, 2006                     851,732      $2.09        7.67           -
Options granted                                 475,000       3.60        9.09           -


Options forfeited                                  -0-         -0-         -0-           -
                                             -----------    -------     ---------     ---------
Outstanding December 31, 2006                 1,326,732      $2.63        8.18           -
Options granted                                 608,750       1.99        9.94           -

Options forfeited                                  -0-         -0-         -0-           -
                                             -----------    -------     ---------     ---------

Outstanding December 31, 2007                 1,935,482       2.43        8.05           -
Options Granted                                 482,000       2.02        6.72           -
Options Forfeited                                  -0-         -0-         -0-           -
                                             -----------    -------     ---------     ---------

Outstanding December 31, 2008                 2,417,482      $2.35        6.98           -
                                             ===========    =======     =========     =========
Exercisable December 31, 2008                 2,390,815      $2.36        7.13           -
                                             ===========    =======     =========     =========
</TABLE>

The  weighted-average  grant-date  fair value of  non-employee  options  granted
during the year 2008 was $0.31.

<PAGE> F17
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Unvested stock option activity for non-employees:

                                                                        Weighted
                                                             Weighted   Average
                                                             Average    Remaining     Aggregate
                                               Number of     Exercise   Contracted    Intrinsic
                                                Options      Price      Term (Years)  Value
<S>                                              <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
                                               ---------    -------     ---------     --------
Outstanding January 1, 2006                       7,100      $2.61        9.00            -
Options granted                                  30,000       2.20       10.00            -

Options forfeited                                   -0-        -0-         -0-            -
                                               ---------    -------     ---------     ---------
Outstanding December 31, 2006                    37,100      $2.28        9.81            -

Options granted                                  25,000       1.30       10.00            -

Options vested                                  (22,100)     (2.30)       8.23            -
                                               ---------    -------     ---------     ---------

Outstanding December 31, 2007                    40,000      $1.50        9.30            -

Options granted                                     -0-       -0-          -0-            -

Options vested                                  (13,333)     (1.64)       6.91            -
                                               ---------    -------     ---------     ---------

Outstanding December 31, 2008                    26,667      $1.43        9.00            -
                                               =========    =======     =========     ========
</TABLE>

           The  impact on the  Company's  results  of  operations  of  recording
stock-based  compensation  for the year ended  December 31, 2008 was to increase
general  and  administrative  expenses  by  approximately  $573,000  and  reduce
earnings per share by $.01 per basic and diluted share.

           As  of  December  31,  2008,   there  was  $46,000  of   unrecognized
stock-based  compensation  cost  related  to  options  granted  under the Equity
Incentive Plan.

(m)  Accounts Receivable

         Concentration of credit risk, with respect to accounts  receivable,  is
limited due to the Company's  credit  evaluation  process.  The Company does not
require  collateral  on its  receivables.  The Company's  receivables  primarily
consist of amounts due from wholesale drug companies as of December 31, 2007 and
2008.  The Company has  agreements  requiring its  wholesaler  drug companies to
assess credit worthiness of the customers.  The Company assesses  collectability
monthly by review of the accounts receivable aging report.

<PAGE> F18
(3)    Inventories

         The Company  uses the lower of  first-in,  first-out  ("FIFO") cost or
market method of accounting for inventory.

Inventories consist of the following:                        (in thousands)
                                                              December 31,
                                                             2007     2008
                                                            ------   ------
Raw materials and work in process                           $ 505    $ 864

Finished  goods,  net of reserves of $350,000  and $286,000
at December 31, 2007 and 2008                                   6        -
                                                            ------   ------
                                                             $511     $864
                                                            ======   ======

         Production  of  Alferon  N  injection(R)   from  our   work-in-progress
inventory,  which has an  approximate  expiration  date of 2012, has been put on
hold at this time due to the  resources  needed  to  prepare  our New  Brunswick
facility for the FDA preapproval inspection with respect to our Ampligen(R) NDA.
Work on the Alferon N  Injection(R)  is expected to resume in mid-2009 under the
condition  that adequate  funding is obtained,  which means that we may not have
any Alferon N Injection(R) product commercially available until 2010.


 (4) Short-term investments:

                              December 31, 2007
                              -----------------
                                              Unrealized    Maturity
Name of security      Cost      Market value    loss         date
----------------      ----      ------------    ------       ----

Marshall & Isley   $1,979,000   $1,976,000     $(3,000)    March 2008
Intesa Funding      1,972,000    1,968,000      (4,000)    April 2008
                   ----------   ----------     -------
                   $3,951,000   $3,944,000     $(7,000)
                  ===========   ===========   ========

No  investment  securities  were pledged to secure  public funds at December 31,
2007. The table below  indicates the length of time  individual  securities have
been in a continuous unrealized loss position at December 31, 2007.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     Less than 12 months           12 months or longer                   Total
                                     -------------------           -------------------                   -----
<S>                  <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>
Name of           Number of       Fair value     Unrealized     Fair value     Unrealized      Fair value     Unrealized
                  ----------      ----------     -----------    ----------     -----------     ----------     ----------
security          Securities                        loss                          loss                            loss
--------          ----------                        ----                          ----                            ----
Marshall &
Isley                  1            $1,976,000       $(3,000)      $-             $-          $1,976,000         $(3,000)

Intesa Funding         1            1,968,000         (4,000)       -              -           1,968,000          (4,000)
                                    ----------        -------   ----------     ----------      ----------         -------
Total
temporary
impairment
securities             2           $3,944,000        $(7,000)      $-              $-         $3,944,000         $(7,000)
                                   ===========       ========   ==========     ==========     ===========        ========
</TABLE>
<PAGE> F19
         In management's  opinion,  the unrealized  losses reflected  changes in
interest rates subsequent to the acquisition of specific securities.  There were
two  securities in the less than 12 months  category and none in the more than a
twelve  month  category.  The  Company  held these  securities  until  maturity;
therefore,  the  unrealized  losses  represented  temporary  impairment  of  the
securities. In 2008, the Company did not hold any short-term investments.
(5) Patents, Trademark Rights and Other Intangibles

         Intangibles  are  stated  at cost and  amortized  over the  established
useful  life of 17 years  for  patents  or over the  period  which  the asset is
expected to directly or indirectly contribute to the Company's cash flow.

         On July 3,  2006,  and July  20,  2006,  the  Company  entered  into an
agreement with Paul Griffin and The Asclepius  Trust  ("Asclepius")  whereby the
Company  acquired the right,  title and interest in certain  awarded patents and
pending patent applications ("patents").  Consideration given by the Company for
the  acquisition  of these patents  amounted to $150,000 paid with shares of the
Company's  common stock to Paul Griffin  valued at the closing price on the date
of the agreement or July 3, 2006.  The value of the  Company's  common stock was
$2.43 on this  date  and  equated  to  consideration  of  61,728  shares  of the
Company's  common stock.  The Company  registered  these shares on behalf of Mr.
Griffin for public resale.  Asclepius  received in consideration a 2% royalty of
the gross sums  received  from all sales  utilizing or relying upon the patents.
The Company  recorded the acquisition of these patents as an intangible asset to
be amortized  over the remaining  life of the patent under guidance set forth in
SFAS No. 2 Accounting for Research and Development  Costs ("FAS 2") which refers
to SFAS No. 142 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ("FAS 142"). The net book
value of these patents, net of accumulated amortization, as of December 31, 2007
and 2008, was $136,000 and $128,000, respectively.

         On July 26,  2006,  the Company  executed an  agreement  with Stem Cell
Innovations,  Inc. (formerly Interferon Sciences,  Inc.) whereby it acquired the
royalty  interest  previously  granted  Interferon  Sciences with respect to the
Company's sale of products  containing  alpha interferon in exchange for 250,000
shares of common stock.  The Company  registered  these shares on behalf of Stem
Cell Innovations for public resale. The Company recorded this transaction on its
balance sheet as an  intangible  asset under  guidance  provided by FAS 142. The
total  consideration  paid to Stem Cell under the agreement amounted to $620,000
and was derived by  multiplying  the number of shares  issued by the fair market
value of the  Company's  common stock on the date of the  agreement or $2.48 per
share.  The  intangible  asset is  amortized  over the period which the asset is
expected to contribute  directly or  indirectly  to the Company's  cash flow. In
2007,  the  Company  recorded  an  impairment  charge of $298,000 as the Company
determined that sufficient inventory is not on hand to realize the full economic
benefit;  therefore,  the asset was written down to its estimated net realizable
value.  The balance of this intangible  asset, as of December 31, 2007 and 2008,
was $243,000 and $0, respectively. The balance was written-off in 2008 as we had
no more Alferon(R) to sell.

         During the years ended  December 31, 2006,  2007 and 2008,  the Company
decided not to pursue certain patents in various countries for strategic reasons
and recorded  abandonment  charges of $67,000,  $7,000 and $4,000  respectively,
which are  included  in  research  and  development.  Amortization  expense  was
$94,000,  $103,000 and $122,000 in 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively.  The total
cost of the patents was  $2,627,000  and  $2,760,000 as of December 31, 2007 and
2008,  respectively.  The  accumulated  amortization as of December 31, 2007 and
2008 is $1,669,000 and $1,791,000, respectively.
<PAGE> F20
         As of December 31, 2008,  the weighted  average  remaining  life of the
patents and trademarks was 8 years.  Amortization  of patents and trademarks for
each of the next five years is as  follows:  2009 -  $122,000,  2010 - $122,000,
2011 - $122,000, 2012 - $122,000 and 2013 - $122,000.

(6) Accrued Expenses

Accrued expenses at December 31, 2007 and 2008 consists of the following:
                                      (in thousands)
                                        December 31,
                                    ------------------
                                  2007              2008
                                 ------            ------
Compensation                      $360             $192
Professional fees                  187              497
Other expenses                     230               54
Other liability                    292              133
                                 ------           ------
                                $1,069             $876
                                 ======           ======

         The Company  executed a Memorandum  of  Understanding  (MOU) in January
   2004 with Astellas Pharma ("Astellas"), formally Fujisawa Deutschland GmbH, a
   major  pharmaceutical  corporation,  granting them an exclusive  option for a
   limited  number of months to enter a Sales and  Distribution  Agreement  with
   exclusive  rights to market  Ampligen(R)  for ME/CFS in Germany,  Austria and
   Switzerland.   The  Company   received  an  initial  fee  of  400,000   Euros
   (approximately  $497,000 US) in 2004. On November 9, 2004, Astellas exercised
   their right to terminate  the MOU.  Pursuant to the  agreement of the parties
   the Company  refunded  200,000 Euros  ($248,000  USD) to Astellas  during the
   fourth  quarter  2004.  The Company  recorded  the  remaining  200,000  Euros
   ($264,000  USD and $292,000  USD) as an accrued  liability as of December 31,
   2007. In 2008 the balance was recorded as other income.

(7)    Debenture Financing

         In June 2007,  the Company  retired all  remaining  debt related to its
convertible  debentures  issued in October 2003,  January 2004 and July 2004. Of
the outstanding debt of approximately  $4,102,000,  only $2,638,000 was required
to be paid in new funds to retire the debentures, with the balance being covered
by the Company's  advance  receivable held as collateral by one of the debenture
holders.

October 2003 Debentures

         The  discount  on the  October  2003  Debentures  was fully  amortized;
therefore,  the Company did not record any  financing  costs for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008,  respectively.  Interest expense for the years
ended  December  31,  2006,  2007 and  2008,  with  regard to the  October  2003
Debentures was approximately $145,000, $72,000 and $0, respectively.

January 2004 Debentures

         Financing  costs for the years ended December 31, 2006,  2007 and 2008,
was approximately  $49,000,  $0 and $0,  respectively.  Interest expense for the
years ended  December 31, 2006,  2007 and 2008,  with regard to the January 2004
Debentures was approximately $77,000, $9,000 and $0, respectively.
<PAGE> F21
July 2004 Debentures

         The Company  recorded  financing costs for the years ended December 31,
2006,  2007 and  2008,  with  regard to the July 2004  Debentures  of  $484,000,
$231,000 and $0, respectively.  Interest expense for the year ended December 31,
2006, 2007 and 2008,  with regard to the July 2004 Debentures was  approximately
$78,000, $35,000 and $0, respectively.

 (8) Stockholders' Equity

(a) Preferred Stock

         The Company is authorized to issue  5,000,000  shares of $.01 par value
preferred  stock  with  such  designations,  rights  and  preferences  as may be
determined by the board of directors.  There were no preferred shares issued and
outstanding at December 31, 2007 and 2008.

(b) Common Stock

         The  Company's  stockholders  approved an  amendment  to the  Company's
corporate charter at the Annual Shareholder meeting held in Philadelphia,  PA on
September 20, 2006.  This amendment  increased the Company's  authorized  shares
from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000.

         As of December 31, 2007 and 2008,  73,760,446  and  78,750,995  shares,
were outstanding, respectively.

 (c) Equity Financings

         On July 8, 2005,  the  Company  entered  into a common  stock  purchase
agreement with Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC ("Fusion"),  pursuant to which Fusion
has agreed, under certain conditions, to purchase on each trading day $40,000 of
the   Company's   common  stock  up  to  an  aggregate  of  $20.0  million  over
approximately a 25 month period, subject to earlier termination at the Company's
discretion.  In the Company's discretion, it may elect to sell less common stock
to Fusion than the daily  amount and may increase the daily amount as the market
price of the  Company's  stock  increases.  The purchase  price of the shares of
common stock will be equal to a price based upon the future  market price of the
common stock without any fixed discount to the market price. Fusion did not have
the right or the obligation to purchase shares of the Company's  common stock in
the event that the price of the common stock was less than $1.00.

         Pursuant  to the  Company's  agreement  with  Fusion,  the  Company has
registered  for public sale to Fusion up to  10,795,597  shares of common stock.
However,  in the event that the Company  decides to issue more than  10,113,278,
i.e.  greater  than 19.99% of the  outstanding  shares of common stock as of the
date of the  agreement,  the Company  would first seek  stockholder  approval in
order to be in compliance  with American  Stock Exchange  rules.  As of April 3,
2006,  Fusion  purchased  8,791,838  (4,678,382  in 2006)  shares  amounting  to
approximately  $20,000,000 in gross proceeds to the Company, which completed the
terms of the July 8, 2005,  Fusion  agreement.  Pursuant to the  agreement,  the
Company also issued 785,597  (235,287 in 2006)  commitment fee shares and 10,000
shares as reimbursement for expenses.

         In connection with entering into the above  agreement with Fusion,  the
Company,  in July 2005,  issued to Fusion  402,798  shares of its common  stock.
392,798 of these shares  represented  50% of the  commitment fee due Fusion with
the remaining 10,000 shares issued as reimbursement for expenses.  An additional
392,799  shares,  representing  the remaining  balance of the  commitment,  were
issued in  conjunction  with daily  purchases of common  stock by Fusion.  These
<PAGE> F22
additional  commitment  shares were issued in an amount  equal to the product of
(x) 392,799 and (y) the Purchase Amount Fraction. The "Purchase Amount Fraction"
means a fraction,  the  numerator  of which is the  purchase  price at which the
shares  were  being  purchased  by  Fusion  and  the  denominator  of  which  is
$20,000,000.

         On April 12, 2006,  the Company  entered  into a Common Stock  Purchase
Agreement  ("Purchase  Agreement")  with  Fusion.  Pursuant  to the terms of the
Purchase  Agreement,  Fusion  has  agreed to  purchase  from the  Company  up to
$50,000,000  of common  stock over a period of  approximately  twenty-five  (25)
months. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement,  dated as of
April 12, 2006, the Company  registered  12,386,723 shares issuable to or issued
to Fusion under the Purchase  Agreement.  Once the  Registration  Statement  was
declared  effective,  each trading day during the term of the Purchase Agreement
the  Company  has the right to sell to Fusion up to  $100,000  of the  Company's
common stock on such date or the arithmetic  average of the three lowest closing
trade prices of the common stock during the  immediately  proceeding  12 trading
day period.  At the  Company's  option under certain  conditions,  Fusion can be
required to purchase  greater amounts of common stock during a given period.  In
connection  with entering  into the Purchase  Agreement,  the Company  issued to
Fusion as commitment  shares  321,751  shares of common stock and the Company is
obligated to issue an additional  321,751  commitment  shares.  These additional
commitment  shares  will be  issued  in an amount  equal to the  product  of (x)
321,751 and (y) the Purchase Amount  Fraction.  The "Purchase  Amount  Fraction"
means a fraction,  the  numerator  of which is the  purchase  price at which the
shares  are  being   purchased  by  Fusion  and  the  denominator  of  which  is
$50,000,000.

         The   purchase   price  will  be  adjusted   for  any   reorganization,
recapitalization,  non-cash dividend, stock split, or other similar transaction.
Fusion Capital may not purchase  shares of the Company's  common stock under the
common stock  purchase  agreement if it,  together  with its  affiliates,  would
beneficially  own more than 9.9% of the common stock  outstanding at the time of
the  purchase  by  Fusion.  Fusion  has the right at any time to sell any shares
purchased  under the 2006 Purchase  Agreement  which would allow it to avoid the
9.9% limitation. Due to AMEX guidelines,  without prior stockholder approval, we
do not have the right or the  obligation  under the  Agreement to sell shares to
Fusion in excess of 12,386,723 shares (i.e. 19.99% of the 61,964,598 outstanding
shares of our  common  stock on April 12,  2006,  the date of the 2006  Purchase
Agreement)  inclusive of commitment shares issued to Fusion under the Agreement.
In addition,  Fusion cannot purchase more than 27,386,723  shares,  inclusive of
the commitment  shares under the Agreement.  On September 20, 2006  stockholders
voted to allow the sale of up to 27,386,723  shares pursuant to the terms of the
Fusion agreement.

         As of  December  31,  2007,  Fusion  had  purchased  from  the  Company
10,682,032 shares for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $19,739,000.  In
addition,  the Company  issued to Fusion  127,065  shares  towards the remaining
commitment  fee. No purchases were made by Fusion in 2008 under this  agreement,
which expired July 31, 2008.

         On July 2, 2008,  the Company  entered into a $30 million  Common Stock
Purchase  Agreement (the "Purchase  Agreement") with Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC
("Fusion") an Illinois limited  liability  company.  Concurrently  with entering
into the Purchase  Agreement,  they entered into a registration rights agreement
with Fusion. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement,  the Company filed a
registration  statement related to the transaction with the U.S.  Securities and
Exchange  Commission ("SEC") covering 21,300,000 shares that have been issued or
may be issued to Fusion under the Purchase Agreement. The SEC declared effective
<PAGE> F23
the registration  statement on August 12, 2008. The Company has the right over a
25 month period to sell their shares of common stock to Fusion from time to time
in amounts between  $120,000 and $1 million  depending on certain  conditions as
set forth in the agreement,  up to a maximum of $30 million.  The purchase price
of the shares  related to the $30.0  million of future  funding will be based on
the  prevailing  market  prices of their shares at the time of sales as computed
under the Purchase  Agreement  without any fixed discount,  and the Company will
control the timing and amount of any sales of shares to Fusion. Fusion shall not
have the right or the  obligation  to purchase any shares of our common stock on
any business  day that the price of our common  stock is below $0.40.  Recently,
the price of the Company's common stock had consistently fallen below $0.40 and,
accordingly,  no  additional  sales could be made to Fusion unless and until the
daily  closing  price rises to $0.40 per share or better for twelve  consecutive
business days. The Purchase Agreement may be terminated by us at any time at our
discretion  without any cost to the  Company.  There are no negative  covenants,
restrictions  on  future  funding,   penalties  or  liquidated  damages  in  the
agreement.  In  consideration  for entering  into the Purchase  Agreement,  upon
execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to Fusion 650,000 shares
as a commitment  fee. Also, the Company will issue to Fusion up to an additional
650,000  shares as a  commitment  fee pro rata as they  receive  up to the $30.0
million of future funding.

         Under the rules of the NYSE Alternext US (formerly,  the American Stock
Exchange),  the Company may issue no more than 14,823,651  shares (19.99% of our
outstanding  shares  as of July 2,  2008,  the date of the  purchase  agreement)
without first obtaining the approval of stockholders. That approval was obtained
on  November  11,  2008.  As of December  31,  2008,  the  Company had  executed
transactions pursuant the Fusion Stock Purchase Agreement valued at $270,000 and
561,121 shares.

          The proceeds from this financing have been used to fund infrastructure
growth including manufacturing, regulatory compliance and market development.


(d) Common Stock Options and Warrants

   (i) Stock Options

         The 1990  Stock  Option  Plan  provides  for the  grant of  options  to
purchase  up to  460,798  shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock to  employees,
directors,  and officers of the Company and to consultants,  advisors, and other
persons whose  contributions  are  important to the success of the Company.  The
recipients of options  granted  under the 1990 Stock Option Plan,  the number of
shares to be converted by each option, and the exercise price, vesting terms, if
any,  duration  and  other  terms  of each  option  shall be  determined  by the
Company's  Board of Directors  or, if delegated by the Board,  its  Compensation
Committee.  No option is  exercisable  more than 10 years and one month from the
date as of which an option  agreement is executed.  These shares  become  vested
through  various  periods not to exceed  four years from the date of grant.  The
option price represents the fair market value of each underlying share of Common
Stock at the date of grant, based upon the public trading price. This plan is no
longer in effect and no further options will be issued from this plan.
<PAGE> F24

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


       Information  regarding  the options  approved  by the Board of  Directors
under the 1990 Stock Option Plan is summarized below:


                     ___________2006___________           ________2007________          ___________2008___________
                     --------------------------           --------------------          --------------------------
<S>                  <C>          <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>           <C>       <C>       <C>
                                           Weighted                         Weighted                         Weighted
                                            Average                          Average                          Average
                               Option      Exercise             Option      Exercise             Option      Exercise
                               -------                          -------                          -------
                    Shares       Price       Price    Shares      Price       Price    Shares      Price       Price
                    ------       -----       -----    ------      -----       -----    ------      -----       -----

Outstanding,
beginning  of
year                  414,702  $2.71-4.03   $3.11      400,702  $2.71-4.03   $3.08      345,728  $2.71-4.03    $3.01

Granted                     -      -          -              -      -          -              -      -          -


Canceled              (14,000)   $4.03      $4.03      (54,974) $3.50-4.03   $3.53                   -          -

Exercised                   -      -          -              -      -          -              -      -          -

Outstanding, end
of year               400,702  $2.71-4.03   $3.08      345,728  $2.71-4.03   $3.01      345,728  $2.71-4.03   $3.01
                      =======                          =======                          =======

Exercisable           400,702  $2.71-4.03   $3.08      345,728  $2.71-4.03   $3.01      345,728  $2.71-4.03   $3.01
                      =======                          =======                          =======

Weighted  average
remaining
contractual life
(years)              6.3 yrs.      -          -        5.86 yrs.    -          -        4.86 yrs.    -          -
                     ========      =          =        ========     =          =        =======

Exercised in
current and prior
years                (27,215)     -           -        (27,215)     -          -        (27,215)     -          -
                     ========     =           =        =======      =          =        ========     =          =

Available for
future grants          60,096      -          -            -        -          -            -        -          -
                       ======      =          =            =        =          =            =        =          =
</TABLE>



         In December 1992, the Board of Directors approved the 1992 Stock Option
Plan (the 1992 Stock  Option  Plan) which  provides  for the grant of options to
purchase  up to  92,160  shares  of the  Company's  Common  Stock to  employees,
Directors,  and Officers of the Company and to consultants,  advisors, and other
persons whose  contributions  are  important to the success of the Company.  The
recipients of the options  granted under the 1992 Stock Option Plan,  the number
of shares to be covered by each option,  and the exercise price,  vesting terms,
if any,  duration  and other terms of each  option  shall be  determined  by the
Company's  Board of Directors.  No option is exercisable  more than 10 years and
one month from the date as of which an option agreement is executed. To date, no
options have been granted under the 1992 Stock Option Plan.

         The  Company's  1993  Employee  Stock  Purchase Plan (the 1993 Purchase
Plan) was approved by the Board of  Directors  in July 1993.  The outline of the
1993 Purchase Plan provides for the issuance,  subject to adjustment for capital
changes, of an aggregate of 138,240 shares of Common Stock to employees.

         The 1993 Purchase Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors.  Under the 1993  Purchase  Plan,  Company  employees are
eligible  to  participate  in  semi-annual   plan  offerings  in  which  payroll
deductions  may be used to purchase  shares of Common Stock.  The purchase price
for such  shares is equal to the lower of 85% of the fair  market  value of such
<PAGE> F25
shares on the date of grant or 85% of the fair  market  value of such  shares on
the date such right is  exercised.  There have been no offerings  under the 1993
Purchase Plan to date and no shares of Common Stock have been issued thereunder.

         The  Equity  Plan  effective  May 1,  2004,  authorizes  the  grant  of
non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock and other stock awards.  A maximum of 8,000,000  shares of common stock is
reserved for potential  issuance  pursuant to awards under the Equity  Incentive
Plan.  Unless  sooner  terminated,  the Equity  Incentive  Plan will continue in
effect for a period of 10 years from its effective date.

         The Equity Plan is administered  by the Board of Directors.  The Equity
Incentive  Plan  provides  for  awards  to be made to such  Officers,  other key
employees,  non-employee directors,  consultants and advisors of the Company and
its subsidiaries as the Board may select.

         Stock options  awarded under the Equity Plan may be exercisable at such
times  (not later  than 10 years  after the date of grant) and at such  exercise
prices (not less than fair  market  value at the date of grant) as the Board may
determine.  The Board may provide for options to become immediately  exercisable
upon a "change in  control,"  which is defined in the Equity  Incentive  Plan to
occur upon any of the following  events:  (a) the  acquisition  by any person or
group,  as beneficial  owner,  of 20% or more of the  outstanding  shares or the
voting power of the outstanding securities of the Company; (b) either a majority
of the  directors  of the  Company at the annual  stockholders  meeting has been
nominated  other than by or at the direction of the  incumbent  directors of the
Board,  or the  incumbent  directors  cease  to  constitute  a  majority  of the
Company's  Board;  (c) the  Company's  stockholders  approve  a merger  or other
business  combination  pursuant  to which the  outstanding  common  stock of the
Company no longer  represents  more than 50% of the  combined  entity  after the
transaction;   (d)  the  Company's  shareholders  approve  a  plan  of  complete
liquidation or an agreement for the sale or disposition of all or  substantially
all of the Company's assets;  or (e) any other event or circumstance  determined
by the  Company's  Board to affect  control of the  Company  and  designated  by
resolution of the Board as a change of control.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         Information  regarding  the options  approved by the Board of Directors
under the Equity Plan is summarized below:


                                 2006                                 2007                                 2008
                   ----------------------------------  ----------------------------------  ---------------------------------
<S>                    <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>
                                             Weighted                            Weighted                            Weighted
                                             Average                             Average                             Average
                                 Option      Exercise                  Option    Exercise               Option       Exercise
                     Shares      Price       Price       Shares        Price     Price       Shares     Price        Price
                     ------       -----       -----       ------        -----     -----       ------      -----      -----

Outstanding
beginning at
year                1,985,680    $1.63-2.87   $2.15      3,328,701    $1.63-3.86  $2.56      6,556,476   $1.30-3.86   $2.59

Granted             1,345,742    $2.11-3.86   $3.17      3,232,870    $1.30-3.86  $2.62       687,000    $0.68-6.00   $2.61

                                                                       $1.90-                             $1.30-
Canceled             (2,721)     $1.90-2.61   $1.47       (5,095)        2.61     $2.40       (17,386)     2.61       $2.00

Exercised               -            -          -            -             -         -           -            -          -
                    ---------                            ---------                           ---------
Outstanding end
of year             3,328,701    $1.63-3.86   $2.56      6,556,476    $1.30-3.86  $2.59      7,226,090   $0.68-6.00   $2.59
                    =========                            =========                           =========

Exercisable         3,177,615    $1.63-3.86   $2.57      6,354,808    $1.75-3.86  $2.63      7,122,479   $0.68-6.00   $2.61
                    =========                            =========                           =========

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual
life (years)        8-9 yrs.         -          -         8-9 yrs.         -         -        7-8 yrs.        -          -
                    ========         =          =         ========         =         =        ========        =          =

Availablefor
future grants       4,671,299        -          -        1,443,524          -        -         18,081         -          -
                    =========        =          =        =========          =        =         ======         =          =
</TABLE>

<PAGE> F26
       On June 20, 2007,  our  Stockholders  approved the 2007 Equity  Incentive
Plan at our  Annual  Shareholder  Meeting.  This  plan,  effective  June 1, 2007
authorizes  the  grant of  non-qualified  and  incentive  stock  options,  stock
appreciation  rights,  restricted stock and other awards. A maximum of 8,000,000
shares of common stock is reserved  for  potential  issuance  pursuant to awards
under this plan. Unless sooner terminated, this plan will continue in effect for
a period of 10 years from its  effective  date.  As of December  31, 2008 option
awards under this plan were:


                                                             Weighted Average
                                      Shares   Option Price   Exercise Price
Granted, outstanding, and
exercisable at end of year           1,450,000    $2.20          $2.20
                                    =========
Remaining contractual life            9 yrs.
                                     ======
Available for future grants         3,914,813
                                    =========

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

 (ii) Stock Warrants

Information regarding warrants outstanding and exercisable into shares of common
stock is summarized below:


                                 2006                                 2007                                 2008
                   ----------------------------------  ----------------------------------  ---------------------------------
<S>                    <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>
                                             Weighted                            Weighted                            Weighted
                                             Average                             Average                             Average
                                 Option      Exercise                  Option    Exercise               Option       Exercise
                     Shares      Price       Price       Shares        Price     Price       Shares     Price        Price
                     ------       -----       -----       ------        -----     -----       ------      -----      -----
Outstanding
beginning of
year               11,529,837  $1.55-16.00   $3.32     10,262,771  $1.55-6.00    $2.89      7,262,771  $1.32-6.00    $2.96

Granted                20,000  $1.87-3.60    $2.55         20,000  $1.32-2.20    $1.71         20,000   $.35-.80      $0.68

Canceled          (1,031,650)  $3.50-16.00   $8.35     (3,020,000) $2.00-4.00    $2.64     (2,016,584) $2.20-6.00    $2.53

Exercised           (255,416)  $1.50-2.86    $2.63            -        -           -               -       -           -
                   ---------                           -----------                         -----------

Outstanding end
of year            10,262,771  $1.55-6.00    $2.89      7,262,771  $1.32-6.00    $2.96       5,266,187  $.35-4.25     $3.13
                   ==========                          ==========                          ============

Exercisable        10,262,771  $1.55-6.00    $2.89      7,262,771  $1.32-6.00    $2.96       5,266,187  $.35-4.25     $3.13
                   ==========                          ==========                          ============

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual
life (years)      1.97 yrs.        -           -         1.99 yrs.         -           -       1 yr.          -           -
                  =========        =           =         =========         =           =   =============      =           =

Years
exercisable       2007-2016        -           -         2008-2017         -           -     2009-2018        -           -
                  =========        =           =         =========         =           =   =============      =           =

</TABLE>

<PAGE> F27

         Certain of the stock  warrants  outstanding  are subject to adjustments
for stock splits and dividends.

         Proceeds received from the exercise of stock warrants were $672,000 for
2006. No warrants were exercised during 2007 and 2008.

(e) Rights Offering

         On November 19, 2002, the Board of Directors of the Company  declared a
dividend distribution of one Right for each outstanding share of Common Stock to
stockholders  of record at the  close of  business  on  November  29,  2002 (the
"Record Date").  Each Right entitles the registered  holder to purchase from the
Company a unit consisting of one one-hundredth of a share (a "Unit") of Series A
Junior  Participating  Preferred  Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Series A
Preferred Stock") at a Purchase Price of $30.00 per Unit, subject to adjustment.
The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement (the
"Rights  Agreement")  between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, as Rights Agent.

         Initially,  the Rights are  attached to all Common  Stock  certificates
representing  shares then outstanding,  and no separate Rights Certificates will
be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Rights Agreement,
the Rights will  separate  from the Common  Stock and a  Distribution  Date will
occur upon the  earlier of (i) 10 days  following a public  announcement  that a
person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an "Acquiring  Person") has
acquired  beneficial  ownership  of 15% or more (or 20% or more for  William  A.
Carter,  M.D.) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "Stock Acquisition
Date"), other than as a result of repurchases of stock by the Company or certain
inadvertent  actions by institutional  or certain other  stockholders or (ii) 10
business  days (or such later date as the Board shall  determine)  following the
commencement  of a tender offer or exchange  offer that would result in a person
or group  becoming an Acquiring  Person.  Until the  Distribution  Date, (i) the
Rights  will  be  evidenced  by  the  Common  Stock  certificates  and  will  be
transferred with and only with such Common Stock  certificates,  (ii) new Common
Stock  certificates  issued  after  the  Record  Date will  contain  a  notation
incorporating  the Rights  Agreement by reference  and (iii) the  surrender  for
transfer of any certificates  for Common Stock  outstanding will also constitute
the transfer of the Rights  associated with the Common Stock represented by such
certificate. Pursuant to the Rights Agreement, the Company reserves the right to
require prior to the occurrence of a triggering event that, upon any exercise of
Rights,  a number of Rights be  exercised so that only whole shares of Preferred
Stock will be issued.

 (9) Segment and Related Information

         The Company  operates  in one  segment,  which  performs  research  and
development activities related to Ampligen(R) and other drugs under development,
and sales and marketing of Alferon(R). The Company's revenues for the three year
period ended December 31, 2008, were earned in the United States.
<PAGE> F28
       The Company employs an insignificant amount of net property and equipment
in its foreign operations.

(10) Research, Consulting and Supply Agreements

         In 1994, the Company entered into a licensing  agreement with Bioclones
(Proprietary)  Limited  ("Bioclones") for manufacturing and international market
development in Africa,  Australia,  New Zealand,  Tasmania,  the United Kingdom,
Ireland and certain countries in South Africa, of Ampligen(R) and Oragen(TM). On
December 27, 2004 the Company initiated a lawsuit in Federal Court identifying a
conspiratorial  group seeking to illegally  manipulate  the Company's  stock for
purposes of bringing about a hostile takeover of Hemispherx. This conspiratorial
group  includes  Bioclones.  On  December  29,  2008,  the US Court  of  Appeals
overturned a lower  court's  dismissal of the  Company's  fraud claim  against a
group of South  African  defendants  related  to  misrepresentations  made in an
alleged hostile takeover attempt.  The Company had recently reached a settlement
with two of the South African  defendants,  Bioclones and its former CEO,  Cyril
Donninger.  The  reinstatement  of the common  law fraud  claim  allows  them to
continue to pursue  damages in the case  against  the  remaining  South  African
defendants,  including  JCI  and  the  estate  of R.B.  Kebble.  This  licensing
agreement was terminated.

         In 1998, the Company entered into a strategic  alliance with Accredo to
develop  certain  marketing and  distribution  capacities for Ampligen(R) in the
United States. Accredo is one of the nation's largest home health care companies
with over 400 offices and sixty thousand caregivers nationwide.  Pursuant to the
agreement,   Accredo  assumed  certain   responsibilities  for  distribution  of
Ampligen(R) for which they received a fee. Through this arrangement, the Company
may mitigate the necessity of incurring certain up-front costs. Accredo has also
worked with the  Company in  connection  with the Amp 511 ME/CFS  cost  recovery
treatment  program,  Amp 516  ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial and the Amp 719
(combining Ampligen(R) with other antiviral drugs in HIV-salvage therapy and Amp
720 HIV Phase IIb  clinical  trials now under way).  There can be no  assurances
that this alliance will develop a significant  commercial position in any of its
targeted  chronic  disease  markets.  The agreement had an initial one year term
from February 9, 1998 with  successive  additional  one year terms unless either
party notifies the other not less than 180 days prior to the anniversary date of
its intent to terminate the agreement. Also, the agreement may be terminated for
uncured  defaults,  or  bankruptcy,  or  insolvency  of  either  party  and will
automatically terminate upon the Company's receiving an NDA for Ampligen(R) from
the FDA, at which time, a new agreement will need to be negotiated  with Accredo
or another major drug distributor. There were no initial fees. There has been no
communication or activity under this agreement for the past few years.

         In March  2002,  the  Company's  European  subsidiary  Hemispherx  S.A.
entered into a Sales and Distribution agreement with Laboratorios del Dr. Esteve
("Esteve").  In December  2006  Hemispherx  S.A.  assigned all of its rights and
obligations under the Sales and Distribution agreement to the Company.  Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement,  Esteve was granted the exclusive right to market
Ampligen(R) in Spain,  Portugal and Andorra for the treatment of ME/CFS.  Due to
non-performance of certain  contractually  required clinical trials, the Company
notified  Esteve of its  intention  to  terminate  the  Sales  and  Distribution
Agreement in 2007. As is its right under the Sales and  Distribution  Agreement,
Esteve has applied for arbitration,  seeking damages.  In June 2008, the Company
settled the arbitration with Esteve.  The case was dismissed by mutual agreement
of the parties in which they  regained all  licensing  right to  Ampligen(R)  in
Spain, Portugal and Andorra.
<PAGE> F29
         In October  2005,  the  Company  signed a research  agreement  with the
National Institute of Infectious  Diseases,  in Tokyo, Japan. The collaboration,
by Hideki Hasegawa,  M.D., Ph.D.,  Chief of the Laboratory of Infectious Disease
Pathology,  will assess the Company's experimental  therapeutic Ampligen(R) as a
co-administered immunotherapeutic to the Institution's nasal flu vaccine.

         In October  2005,  the Company  also  engaged the Sage Group,  Inc.,  a
health care,  technology  oriented,  strategy and transaction  advisory firm, to
assist the Company in  obtaining  a  strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of
Ampligen(R)  in treating  Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  or CFS.  In May 2008,  the
Company  agreed to a  proposed  engagement  extension  with  Sage to assist  the
Company in obtaining  strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of Ampligen(R) in
treating  Avian Flu. In October 2008,  the Company agreed in principle to engage
The Sage Group as an advisor regarding the  commercialization  of Ampligen(R) to
treat CFS.  Comprehensive  contracts between the parties for the May and October
2008 preliminary  agreements are in final negotiation with expected execution by
mid-2009. The Company incurred  approximately  $24,000,  $25,000 and $167,000 in
fees to The Sage Group for the years  ended  December  31,  2006,  2007 and 2008
respectively, pursuant to this agreement.

         On  December  9, 2005,  the Company  executed a Supply  Agreement  with
Hollister-Stier Laboratories LLC of Spokane, Washington ("Hollister-Stier"), for
the  manufacturing of Ampligen(R) for a five year term ending in 2010.  Pursuant
to the agreement the Company supplies the key raw materials and  Hollister-Stier
formulates  and bottles the  Ampligen(R).  The  Company  incurred  approximately
$1,450,000,  $475,000  and $-0- in fees for the years ended  December  31, 2006,
2007 and 2008, respectively, pursuant to this agreement.

       In December  2007,  the Company  concluded an  agreement  with BIKEN (the
non-profit  operational  arm of the Foundation  for Microbial  Diseases of Osaka
University) for the use of the Company's experimental drug,  Ampligen(R),  as an
immune  enhancer to influenza  vaccines.  The Company's  agreement with Biken is
part of a three party  agreement to develop an effective  influenza  vaccine for
Japan and  utilizes  vast  resources of the  National  Institute  of  Infectious
Diseases of Japan.

         On June 6, 2008, the Company  engaged the services of Warren C. Bogard,
Jr, Ph.D.  as a consultant  for Business and Product.  Dr.  Bogard has agreed to
spend at least 70% of his time  working  on  product  and  business  development
matters.  His  compensation  includes  $5,000  per work week and  100,000  stock
options with a five year term  exercisable at $.68 per share. Dr. Bogard is also
a participant in the Goal Achievement Incentive Award Program and this agreement
expires May 31, 2009 unless extended by mutual consent.

         On November  18,  2008,  the Company  announced  it has entered  into a
contract with Lovelace  Respiratory  Research Institute  ("LRRI"),  Albuquerque,
N.M.  LRRI is the  nation's  largest  independent,  not-for-profit  organization
conducting basic and applied research on the causes and treatment of respiratory
illness and  disease.  LRRI has agreed to undertake  preclinical  studies of new
pharmaceuticals that include Ampligen(R) for a total fee of $1,001,516 which was
paid in full with  1,824,256  shares of Company  Restricted  Stock on October 3,
2008 at the value of $0.55 per share.  In the event that after April 3, 2009 and
before  October 3, 2011 LRRI sells the  shares,  the  Company  will  make-up any
short-fall below $0.55 per share between the ultimate selling price and issuance
price.  The projected  preclinical  studies are designed to enhance the cellular
understanding of Ampligen(R)'s  molecular actions across various animal species,
<PAGE> F30
including man, and should  facilitate  the filing of additional  NDA's (New Drug
Applications)  for  potential  treatment of Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  (CFS) in
various  countries  outside  North  America.  The new studies  anticipate  close
operational  collaborations  between the Company's New Brunswick,  N.J. research
staff and the LRRI staff.

         The Company has entered into agreements for consulting services,  which
are  performed  at medical  research  institutions  and by medical and  clinical
research  individuals.  The Company's obligation to fund these agreements can be
terminated after the initial funding period,  which generally ranges from one to
three years or on an as-needed  monthly basis.  During the years ending December
31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, the Company incurred approximately  $477,000,  $842,000
and $704,000  respectively,  of consulting  service fees under these agreements.
These costs are charged to research and development expense as incurred.

(11) 401(K) Plan

         The Company has a defined  contribution  plan,  entitled the Hemispherx
Biopharma Employees 401(K) Plan and Trust Agreement (the 401(K) Plan). Full time
employees  of the  Company  are  eligible  to  participate  in the  401(K)  Plan
following  one year of  employment.  Subject to certain  limitations  imposed by
federal tax laws,  participants  are eligible to  contribute  up to 15% of their
salary  (including   bonuses  and/or   commissions)  per  annum.   Participants'
contributions  to the  401(K)  Plan  may be  matched  by the  Company  at a rate
determined annually by the Board of Directors.

         Each  participant  immediately  vests  in his or  her  deferred  salary
contributions,  while  Company  contributions  will vest over one year. In 2006,
2007 and 2008 the Company provided  matching  contributions to each employee for
up to 6% of annual pay aggregating $105,000, $130,000 and $21,000, respectively.
The 6% Company matching contribution was terminated as of March 15, 2008.

(12) Royalties, License, and Employment Agreements

         The Company acquired a series of patents on Oragens,  potentially a set
of oral  broad  spectrum  antivirals  and  immunological  enhancers,  through  a
licensing agreement with Temple University in Philadelphia,  PA. The Company was
granted an exclusive  worldwide  license  from Temple for the Oragens  products.
These  compounds  have been  evaluated  in  various  academic  laboratories  for
application  to  chronic  viral  and   immunological   disorders.   The  2',  5'
oligoadenylate  synthetase/RNase L system is an important and widely distributed
pathway for the inhibition of viral  replication  and tumor growth.  Pursuant to
the terms of the Company's  agreement  with Temple,  the Company is obligated to
pay  royalties  of 2% to 4% of  sales  depending  on  the  amount  of  technical
assistance required. The Company currently pays a royalty of $30,000 per year to
Temple.  This  agreement  is to remain  in  effect  until the date that the last
licensed  patent expires unless  terminated  sooner by mutual consent or default
due to royalties not being paid. The last  Oragen(TM)  patent expires on June 1,
2018. The Company records the payment of the royalty as research and development
cost for the period incurred.

         In October 1994,  the Company  entered into a licensing  agreement with
Bioclones (Propriety) Limited  (SAB/Bioclones) with respect to co-development of
various RNA drugs, including  Ampligen(R),  for a period ending three years from
the expiration of the last licensed patents.  The licensing  agreement  provided
SAB/Bioclones with an exclusive  manufacturing and marketing license for certain
southern  hemisphere  countries  (including  certain countries in South America,
Africa and  Australia as well as the United  Kingdom and Ireland  (the  licensed
territory).  This  marketing  arrangement  with Bioclones was deemed void by the
Company  due to the  numerous  and long  standing  failures  of  performance  by
Bioclones. This agreement was subsequently terminated.
<PAGE> F31
         The Company had  contractual  agreements  with three  officers in 2006,
2007 and 2008. The aggregate annual base  compensation  under these  contractual
agreements  for 2006,  2007 and 2008 (as  adjusted,  see  below)  was  $938,000,
$1,276,000 and $1,290,000 respectively.  In addition,  certain of these officers
are  entitled  to receive  performance  bonuses of up to 25% of the annual  base
salary (in addition to the bonuses  described  below).  In 2006,  2007 and 2008,
bonuses of  $253,000,  $319,000 and $0  respectively  were granted and a signing
bonus of  $50,000  was paid to the third  officer in 2006.  The Chief  Executive
Officer's  employment  agreement (see below) provides for bonuses based on gross
proceeds received by the Company from any joint venture or corporate  partnering
agreement.  In 2006, the Chief Executive  Officer was granted 677,000 options to
purchase common stock at $2.38 to $3.78 per share,  the Chief Financial  Officer
was granted 180,000 options to purchase common stock at $3.48 to $3.85 per share
and the Chief Operating  Officer was granted 100,000 options at $3.55 per share.
In 2007, the Chief Executive  Officer was granted  2,400,000 options to purchase
common stock at $1.24-$1.60 per share,  the Chief Financial  Officer was granted
213,050  options to purchase common stock at $1.30-$2.00 per share and the Chief
Operating  Officer was granted 50,000 options to purchase  common stock at $1.88
per share.  In 2008,  the Chief  Executive  Officer  was  granted  1,640,000  to
purchase  common stock at $2.20 to $4.00 per share.  The Company  recorded stock
compensation  expense of  $1,732,000,  $1,883,000  and  $317,000,  respectively,
during the years ended  December  31,  2006,  2007 and 2008 with regard to these
issuances.

         Dr. Carter's  employment as the Company's  Chief Executive  Officer and
Chief Scientific  Officer expires December 31, 2010 unless sooner terminated for
cause or disability.  The agreement automatically renews for successive one year
periods after the initial termination date unless the Company or Dr. Carter give
written notice  otherwise at least ninety days prior to the termination  date or
any renewal  period.  Dr.  Carter has the right to terminate the agreement on 30
days' prior written  notice.  The base salary is subject to adjustments  and the
average  increase or decrease in the Consumer Price Index for the prior year. In
addition,  Dr. Carter could receive an annual  performance bonus of up to 25% of
his base salary,  at the sole  discretion of the  Compensation  Committee of the
board of directors, based on his performance or the Company's operating results.
Dr. Carter will not participate in any discussions  concerning the determination
of his annual bonus.  Dr. Carter is also entitled to an incentive  bonus of 0.5%
of the gross  proceeds  received from any joint venture or corporate  partnering
arrangement.  Dr. Carter's agreement also provides that he be paid a base salary
and  benefits  through the last day of the then term of the  agreement  if he is
terminated without "cause",  as that term is defined in agreement.  In addition,
should Dr. Carter  terminate the agreement or the agreement be terminated due to
his death or  disability,  the agreement  provides that Dr Carter be paid a base
salary and benefits  through the last day of the month in which the  termination
occurred and for an additional twelve month period.

         The  Company's  engagement  of Dr.  Carter as a  consultant  related to
patent  development,  as one of the  Company's  directors and as chairman of the
Executive  Committee of the  Company's  board  expires  December 31, 2010 unless
sooner terminated for cause or disability.  The agreement  automatically  renews
for  successive  one year  periods  after the  initial  termination  date or any
renewal period.  Dr. Carter has the right to terminate the agreement on 30 days'
prior written notice. The base fee is subject to annual adjustments equal to the
percentage  increase or  decrease  of annual  dollar  value of  directors'  fees
provided to the  Company's  directors  during the prior year.  The annual fee is
further subject to adjustment  based on the average  increase or decrease in the
<PAGE> F32
Consumer  Price Index for the prior year. In addition,  Dr. Carter could receive
an annual  performance bonus of up to 25% of his base fee, at the sole direction
of  the  Compensation  Committee  of  the  board  of  directors,  based  on  his
performance.  Dr. Carter will not participate in any discussions  concerning the
determination of this annual bonus. Dr. Carter's agreement also provides that he
be paid his base fee through the last day of the then term of the  agreement  if
he is terminated without "cause",  as that term is defined in the agreement.  In
addition,  should  Dr.  Carter  terminate  the  agreement  or the  agreement  be
terminated  due to his death or  disability,  the  agreement  provides  that Dr.
Carter  be paid  fees due him  through  the last day of the  month in which  the
termination occurred and for an additional twelve month period.

         The  Company's  agreement  with Ransom W.  Etheridge  provides  for Mr.
Etheridge's  engagement as our General  Counsel  until  December 31, 2009 unless
sooner terminated for cause or disability.  The agreement  automatically  renews
for successive one year periods after the initial  termination date unless we or
Mr.  Etheridge give written  notice  otherwise at least ninety days prior to the
termination date or any renewal period. Mr. Etheridge has the right to terminate
the  agreement  on 30 days' prior  written  notice.  The initial  annual fee for
services is $105,408 and is annually  subject to adjustment based on the average
increase  or  decrease  in the  Consumer  Price  Index for the prior  year.  Mr.
Etheridge's  agreement  also  provides that he be paid all fees through the last
day of then current term of the agreement if he is terminated without "cause" as
that term is  defined  in the  agreement.  In  addition,  should  Mr.  Etheridge
terminate  the  agreement  or the  agreement be  terminated  due to his death or
disability,  the agreement  provides that Mr. Etheridge be paid the fees due him
through the last day of the month in which the  termination  occurred and for an
additional twelve month period.  Mr. Etheridge will devote  approximately 85% of
his business time to the business.  Effective  January 1, 2009,  one half of the
monthly fee compensation to be paid to Ransom W. Etheridge pursuant to the terms
of his  Engagement  Agreement  with us as our  General  Counsel  will be paid in
shares of the  Company's  common stock  ("Etheridge  Share  Compensation").  The
number of shares  issued as Etheridge  Share  Compensation  shall be  calculated
based on a value equal to three  times one half of the monthly fee  compensation
to be paid to Mr.  Etheridge  pursuant to the terms of his Engagement  Agreement
with the Company,  with the value of the shares being  determines by the closing
share price of our common stock on the NYSE Alternext US on the last trading day
of each month.

         An agreement  was made and entered into as of the 31st day of December,
2008 with Robert E. Peterson. Mr. Peterson was previously engaged by the Company
as it's Chief Financial  Officer pursuant to an Amended And Restated  Engagement
Agreement  ("Engagement  Agreement") made as of March 11, 2005. Mr. Peterson, at
his election,  terminated  the  Engagement  Agreement as of December 31, 2008 in
accord with the provisions of this agreement. This Engagement Agreement provided
pursuant  to  subsection  6(c) or due to  Peterson's  death or  disability,  the
Company  shall  pay to  Peterson,  at the time of such  termination  his  annual
compensation for an additional  twelve month period.  Whereas the Company wished
to modify  its  obligation  to pay to Mr.  Peterson  at the  termination  of the
Engagement  Agreement the fees due to him for the additional twelve month period
and  Mr.  Peterson  was  willing  to  agree  to  modification  of the  Company's
obligation to pay to him at the termination of the Engagement Agreement the fees
due to him, the Company and Mr. Peterson agreed to the follows:

o        Peterson waived his right to receive payment for the additional  twelve
         month period as provided for in the Engagement Agreement;

o        On the  occurrence  of a "Change In Control,  the Company  shall pay to
         Peterson three times the amount of compensation paid to Peterson by the
         Company for calendar  year 2008. A "Change In Control"  shall be deemed
<PAGE> F33
         to have occurred as set forth the Engagement Agreement Regarding Change
         In Control made as of March 11, 2005 between the Company and  Peterson,
         with the definition of "Change In Control" as therein set forth;

o        Upon  executing a  "Financial  Transaction",  the Company  shall pay to
         Peterson one (1) percent (the  "Peterson One Per Cent Fee") of the cash
         to  be  received  by  the  Company  from  each  Financial  Transaction.
         Provided,  however,  the  Peterson  One Per Cent Fee  shall in no event
         exceed in the  aggregate two times the amount of  compensation  paid to
         Peterson  by  the  Company  for   calendar   year  2008.  A  "Financial
         Transaction"  shall be any  agreements  entered  into by the Company in
         which  the  Company  is to  receive  cash from such  third  parties.  A
         Financial  Transaction does not include  agreements whereby the Company
         receives cash as a result of (i) the Company only being  reimbursed for
         expenses,  not including  expenses for prior research  conducted by the
         Company,  incurred by the Company,  (ii) an agreement in which the only
         economic  benefit  to the  Company  is a loan or loans to the  Company,
         (iii) any transactions with Fusion pursuant to the July 2, 2008, Common
         Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Fusion;

o        For a period of thirty six (36) months  following the Effective Date of
         December 31, 2008,  subject to earlier  termination  by Peterson in his
         sole  discretion,  the  Company  shall  engage  Peterson as a part time
         advisor  to the  Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer  and shall pay to
         Peterson  for  such  services  ("Advisory  Services")  the  sum of four
         thousand  dollars  ($4,000) per month,  payable  monthly with the first
         monthly  payment  being due and payable  one month after the  Effective
         Date;

o        Peterson  is to  receive  Options  to  purchase  20,000  shares  of the
         Company's  common stock at the end of each calendar  quarter  following
         the Effective Date. Peterson may terminate the Advisory Services at any
         time;

o        This  Agreement  shall  terminate  upon Peterson  having  received full
         payment  for a change in  control or upon  receiving  the  maximum  one
         percent fee. The  Agreement  provides for a "gross-up"  payment to make
         Peterson  whole for any Federal  taxes imposed as a result of change of
         control or one percent payments to him.

         On December 1, 2008, an Engagement Agreement with Charles T. Bernhardt,
CPA as Chief Financial  Officer (interim) was finalized and effective January 1,
2009.  The  agreement  calls for an  initial  salary of  $160,000  per annum and
eligibility for the Goal Achievement Incentive Program.

         On November 27, 2006,  the Company  engaged the services of a full-time
President and Chief Operating Officer. Pursuant to this agreement, the President
and Chief  Operating  Officer is employed for an initial term of two years.  The
employment  agreement  automatically  renews  thereafter for successive one year
periods  unless either party gives written notice not to renew within 90 days of
the  termination  date.  The Company and President and Chief  Operating  Officer
failed to negotiate a renewal and the agreement terminated on November 27, 2008.

         The Board of Directors,  deeming it essential to the best  interests of
the Company's shareholders to foster the continuous engagement of key management
personnel  and  recognizing  that,  as is  the  case  with  many  publicly  held
corporations, a change of control might occur and that such possibility, and the
uncertainty and questions which it might raise among management, might result in
the departure or  distraction  of  management  personnel to the detriment of the
Company and the  Company's  shareholders,  determined to reinforce and encourage
the continued attention and dedication of members of the Company's management to
<PAGE> F34
their  engagement  without  distraction  in the face of  potentially  disturbing
circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in control of the Company
and entered into identical  agreements  regarding change in control with William
A. Carter,  the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific  Officer,
and Ransom W. Etheridge,  the Company's General Counsel.  Each of the agreements
regarding change in control became effective March 11, 2005 and continue through
December  31,  2008 and shall  extend  automatically  to the  third  anniversary
thereof  unless the Company  gave notice to the other party prior to the date of
such extension that the agreement term will not be extended. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if a change in control occurs during the term of the agreements,  the
term of the agreements will continue through the second  anniversary of the date
on which the change in control occurred. Each of the agreements entitles William
A. Carter and Ransom W. Etheridge,  respectively, to change of control benefits,
as  defined in the  agreements  and  summarized  below,  upon  their  respective
termination of employment/engagement  with the Company during a potential change
in  control,  as  defined in the  agreements  or after a change in  control,  as
defined in the agreements,  when their respective terminations are caused (1) by
the Company for any reason other than permanent  disability or cause, as defined
in  the  agreement  (2)  by  William  A.  Carter  and/or  Ransom  W.  Etheridge,
respectively,  for good reason as defined in the agreement or, (3) by William A.
Carter,  and Ransom W. Etheridge,  respectively for any reason during the 30 day
period  commencing  on the first date which is six months  after the date of the
change in control.

The benefits for each of the foregoing executives would be as follows:

o        A lump sum cash payment of three times his base salary and annual bonus
         amounts; and

o        Outplacement benefits.

Each  agreement  also  provides  that the  executive is entitled to a "gross-up"
payment  to make him whole  for any  federal  excise  tax  imposed  on change of
control or severance payments received by him.

Dr. Carter's agreement also provides for the following benefits:

o        Continued  insurance  coverage  through  the third  anniversary  of his
         termination; and

o        Retirement  benefits  computed as if he had  continued  to work for the
         above period.

         In order to facilitate the Company's need to obtain financing and prior
to the Company's  shareholders approving an amendment to the Company's corporate
charter to merge the number of  authorized  shares,  Dr.  Carter,  the Company's
Chief Executive Officer,  agreed to waive his right to exercise certain warrants
and options unless and until the Company's  shareholder  approved an increase in
the Company's authorized shares of Common Stock.

       The Company has engaged the Sage Group,  Inc., a health care,  technology
oriented,  strategy  and  transaction  advisory  firm,  to assist the Company in
obtaining a strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of  Ampligen(R) in treating
Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  or CFS.  R.  Douglas  Hulse,  the  Company's  former
President and Chief Operating Officer,  is a member and an executive director of
The Sage Group, Inc.

(13) Leases

       The Company has a  non-cancelable  operating lease for the space in which
its principal office is located.
<PAGE> F35
       Future minimum lease payments under the  noncancellable  operating  lease
are as follows:

Year Ending December 31,                      (in thousands)

   2009                                             $171
   2010                                               58
                                                    -----

Total minimum lease payments                        $229
                                                    =====

         Rent expense  charged to  operations  for the years ended  December 31,
2006, 2007 and 2008 amounted to  approximately  $229,000,  $231,000 and $239,000
respectively.  The term of the lease for the Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania offices
is through April 30, 2010.

(14) Income Taxes

         The  Company  adopted the  provisions  of FASB  Interpretation  No. 48,
Accounting  for  Uncertainty  in Income Taxes on January 1, 2008. As a result of
the  implementation of  Interpretation  48, there has been no material change to
the Company's tax position as they have not paid any corporate  income taxes due
to operating  losses.  All tax benefits will likely not be recognized due to the
substantial  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  which will most  likely not be
realized prior to expiration.

         As of December 31, 2008, the Company has  approximately  $87,000,000 of
federal net  operating  loss  carryforwards  (expiring in the years 2009 through
2028) available to offset future federal  taxable  income.  The Company also has
approximately $34,000,000 of Pennsylvania state net operating loss carryforwards
(expiring in the years 2009 through 2028) and  approximately  $41,000,000 of New
Jersey  state net  operating  loss carry  forwards  (expiring  in the years 2010
through 2015) available to offset future state taxable  income.  The utilization
of  certain  state net  operating  loss  carryforwards  may be subject to annual
limitations.  With no tax  due  for the  foreseeable  future,  the  Company  has
determined  that a policy to determine the  accounting for interest or penalties
related to the payment of tax is not necessary at this time.

         Under the Tax Reform Act of 1986, the  utilization  of a  corporation's
net operating loss  carryforward is limited  following a greater than 50% change
in ownership.  Due to the Company's prior and current equity  transactions,  the
Company's  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  may  be  subject  to  an  annual
limitation  generally  determined by multiplying the value of the Company on the
date of the  ownership  change by the federal  long-term  tax exempt  rate.  Any
unused annual  limitation may be carried forward to future years for the balance
of the net operating loss carryforward period.

         Deferred  income  taxes  reflect  the  net  tax  effects  of  temporary
differences  between  carrying  amounts of assets and  liabilities for financial
reporting  purposes and the carrying  amounts used for income tax  purposes.  In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether
it is more likely than not that some  portion or all of the  deferred tax assets
will not be realized.  The  realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon
the generation of future  taxable  income during the periods in which  temporary
differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Due to
the uncertainty of the Company's  ability to realize the benefit of the deferred
tax asset, the deferred tax assets are fully offset by a valuation  allowance at
December 31, 2007 and 2008.

<PAGE>F36

         The  components  of the net deferred tax asset of December 31, 2007 and
2008 consists of the following:

                                               (000's omitted)


Deferred tax assets:                     2007               2008
                                         ----               ----
Net operating losses                   $28,097             $29,655
Stock Based Compensation                   765                 191
Accrued Expenses and Other                (119)                 22
Research and development costs           3,551               1,945
                                        -----              -------
Total                                   32,294              31,813
Less: Valuation Allowance              (32,294)            (31,813)
                                      --------            --------
Balance                                $ -0-                $ -0-
                                      ========            ========

(15) Contingencies

         In December 2004, the Company filed a multi-count  complaint in federal
court (Southern  District of Florida) against a conspiratorial  group seeking to
illegally  manipulate  the  Company's  stock for  purposes of  bringing  about a
hostile  takeover of  Hemispherx.  The lawsuit  alleges that the  conspiratorial
group commenced with a plan to seize control of its cash and proprietary  assets
by an illegal  campaign  to drive down the  Company's  stock  price and  publish
disparaging reports on its management and current fiduciaries. The lawsuit seeks
monetary  damages  from  each  member  of the  conspiratorial  group  as well as
injunctions   preventing   further   recurrences   of  their   misconduct.   The
conspiratorial  group  includes  Bioclones,   a  privately  held  South  African
Biopharmaceutical  company that collaborated with the Company,  and Johannesburg
Consolidated  Investments,  a South African corporation,  Cyril Donninger, R. B.
Kebble, H. C. Buitendag, Bart Goemaere, and John Doe(s). Bioclones, Johannesburg
Consolidated Investments, Cyril Donninger, R. B. Kebble and H.C. Buitendag filed
a motion to dismiss the complaint,  which was granted by the court.  The Company
appealed  this decision to the 11th federal  circuit  court of appeals.  In July
2008,  we settled our  disputes  with both  Bioclones  and Cyril  Donninger  and
dismissed  them from the lawsuit.  In December  2008,  the 11th Federal  Circuit
Court of Appeals  overturned the lower court's decision  dismissing our claim of
common law fraud  against the remaining  defendants  which now may be pursued in
the Florida Southern District Federal Court.

         In October 2006,  litigation  was initiated  against the Company in the
Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania between the Company and
Hospira  Worldwide,  Inc.  with  regard to a dispute  with  respect  to fees for
services  charged by Hospira  Worldwide,  Inc. to the  Company.  The dispute was
promptly settled and the litigation dismissed.
<PAGE> F37
         In January 2007,  arbitration  proceedings  were initiated by Bioclones
(Proprietary),  Ltd., ("Bioclones") in South Africa to determine damages arising
out of the termination of a marketing  agreement the Company had with Bioclones.
The Company had deemed the  marketing  agreement  void due to numerous  and long
standing  failures of performance by Bioclones and presented  claims for damages
against Bioclones in the arbitration.  In July 2008, the arbitration proceedings
were  terminated by mutual  agreement with Bioclones with the agreement that the
marketing agreement was terminated.

         In January 2007,  the Company filed an  application in South Africa for
the  dissolution  of Ribotech  (PTY) Ltd.  ("Ribotech")  on the grounds that the
purpose for the  existence  of Ribotech,  the  marketing  agreement  between the
Company and Bioclones, had been terminated. In July 2008 in conjunction with our
settlement  of the  arbitration  proceedings  with  Biotech,  we  dismissed  our
application for the dissolution of Ribotech.

         Due to  non-performance  by Laboratorios  del Dr. Esteve  ("Esteve") of
certain  contractually  required clinical trials, the Company notified Esteve of
its intention to terminate the Sales and Distribution  Agreement entered into as
of March 20, 2002 (the "Sales  Agreement and  Distribution  Agreement"),  and in
December  2007,  as was its right  under the Sales and  Distribution  Agreement,
Esteve applied for arbitration, seeking damages. The Company believed the Esteve
claim was without merit and filed a counterclaim.  In June 2008, the arbitration
proceedings were mutually terminated with Esteve with the understanding that the
Sales and Distribution Agreement was terminated.

         In March 2007,  Cedric  Philipp  ("Philipp")  initiated an  arbitration
proceeding  in  Philadelphia,   Pennsylvania   with  the  American   Arbitration
Association  alleging  that,  under a 1994  agreement  between  the  Company and
Philipp ("1994  Agreement"),  the Company owed him  commissions  on product,  or
services he alleged  the Company  purchased  from  Hollister-Stier.  The Company
defended this claim and in July 2008, all of Philipp's claims were denied by the
arbitrators and the arbitration was dismissed.

In  December  2008,  Lovells LP filed a  complaint  against  the  Company in the
Federal District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania  seeking 151,330
pounds  sterling for legal fees allegedly due to Lovells LP by the Company.  The
Company has filed an answer to this  complaint  and is  defending  against  this
claim.

         The Company has not recorded any loss  contingencies as a result of the
above matters for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2008.

(16) Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         The Company has  employment  agreements  with certain of our  executive
officers and have granted such  officers and  directors  options and warrants to
purchase our common stock, as discussed under the headings,  "Item 11. Executive
Compensation," and "Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management".

         The Company used at various times the property  owned by Retreat House,
LLC, an entity in which the  children  of William A.  Carter  have a  beneficial
interest. The Company paid Retreat House, LLC $102,000, $153,000 and $41,200 for
the use of the property at various times in 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively.
<PAGE> F38
         Ransom W.  Etheridge,  the Company's  Secretary,  General Counsel and a
former director, is an attorney in private practice, who renders corporate legal
services  to them from time to time,  for which he has  received  fees  totaling
approximately $117,000 and $105,400 in 2007 and 2008, respectively. In addition,
Mr.  Etheridge served on the Board of Directors until November 2008 for which he
received  Director's  Fees of cash and stock.  He was paid  $150,000 in cash and
stock for the time  served  in 2008.  In 2007 he was paid  $150,000  in cash and
stock for his services as a Director.

         Tom  Equels  was  elected  to the  Board  of  Directors  at the  Annual
Stockholders  Meeting on November 17, 2008. Mr. Equels has provided legal serves
to the Company for several years. In 2008 and 2007, the Company paid Mr. Equel's
law firm $395,000 and $215,000, respectfully, for services rendered. Mr. Equel's
received $37,500 in their stock for his Board fees in 2008.

         The Company  continues to utilize The Sage Group,  Inc., a health care,
technology  oriented,  strategy and transaction advisory firm, to assist them in
obtaining a strategic  alliance in Japan for the use of  Ampligen(R) in treating
Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome  (CFS) and Avian Flu. The Company paid The Sage Group
approximately $24,000, $25,000 and $167,000 in fees for the years ended December
31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively.

         Kati Kovari,  M.D. was paid $13,000 in 2007 and 2008 for her  part-time
services to the Company as Assistant Medical Director.  Dr. Kovari is the spouse
of W. A. Carter, CEO.


(17) Concentrations of Credit Risk

         Financial  instruments,   which  potentially  subject  the  Company  to
concentrations  of credit risk,  consist  principally of cash, cash equivalents,
investments  and  accounts   receivable.   The  Company  places  its  cash  with
high-quality financial  institutions.  At times, such amount may be in excess of
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits of $100,000.

         Sales to three large wholesalers represented  approximately 68% and 77%
of the  Company's  total sales for the years ended  December  31, 2007 and 2008,
respectively.

(18) Quarterly Results of Operation (unaudited)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

The following is a summary of the unaudited quarterly results of operations:

                                                         2008
                                         (in thousands except per share data)

                                    March 31, 2008     June 30, 2008   September 30, 2008   December 31, 2008   Total
                                    --------------     ------------    -----------------    -----------------  -------
<S>                                        <C>              <C>                <C>                  <C>            <C>
Revenues                                   $208              $15                 $17                 $25           $265
Costs and expenses                        3,453            3,145               3,468               3,010         13,076
                                          -----            -----               -----               -----         ------
Net loss                               $(3,165)         $(2,802)            $(3,415)            $(2,837)      $(12,219)
                                       ========         ========            ========            ========      =========
Basic and diluted
loss per share                           $(.04)           $(.04)              $(.05)              $(.03)         $(.16)
                                         ======           ======              ======              ======         ======

</TABLE>
<PAGE> F39


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         2007
                                         (in thousands except per share data)

                                    March 31, 2007     June 30, 2007   September 30, 2007    December 31, 2007  Total
                                    --------------     -------------   ------------------     ---------------- -------
<S>                                        <C>              <C>                <C>                  <C>            <C>
Revenues                                   $255             $234                $285                $285         $1,059
Costs and expenses                        5,195            4,392               6,464               3,771         19,822
                                          -----            -----               -----               -----         ------
Net loss                               $(5,100)         $(3,925)            $(5,718)            $(3,396)      $(18,139)
                                       ========         ========            ========            ========      =========
Basic and diluted
loss per share                           $(.07)           $(.05)              $(.08)              $(.05)         $(.25)
                                         ======           =====-              ======              ======         ======
</TABLE>


(19) Subsequent Events

Employee Wage Or Hours Reduction Program

         In an effort to  conserve  Company  cash,  the  Employee  Wage Or Hours
Reduction Program (the "Program") was ratified by the Board effective January 1,
2009.  In a mandatory  program  that is  estimated to be in effect for up to six
months,  compensation  of all  active  full-time  employees  of  January 1, 2009
("Participants")  were reduced through a reduction in their wages for which they
would be eligible to receive shares of Company common stock ("Stock") six months
after the shares were earned.  While all employees  were also offered the option
to reduce their work hours with a  proportional  decease in wages,  none elected
this alternative.

         On  a  semi-monthly  basis,   Participants   receive  rights  to  Stock
("Incentive  Rights")  that  cannot be  traded.  Six  months  after the date the
Incentive  Rights are  awarded,  the  Company  will  undertake a process to have
Incentive  Rights  converted  into  Stock and  issued to each  Participant  on a
monthly  basis.  The Company will establish and maintain a record for the number
of Incentive Rights awarded to each Participant. At the end of each semi-monthly
period,  the Company will determine the number of Incentive Rights by converting
the  proportionate  incentive  award to the value of the Stock by utilizing  the
closing price of the Stock on the NYSE Alternext US (formerly the American Stock
Exchange or AMEX) based on the average daily closing price for the period.

The Plan is being administered for full-time employees as follows:

o        Twenty-three  employees earning $90,000 or less per year elected a wage
         reduction of 10% per annum and are  receiving an incentive of two times
         the value in Stock;

o        Four  employees  earning  $90,001 to $200,000  per year  elected a wage
         reduction of 25% per annum are  receiving an incentive of two times the
         value in Stock;

o        Two employees  earning over $200,000 per year elected a wage  reduction
         of 50% per annum and are  receiving  an  incentive  of three  times the
         value in Stock;

o       Any employee  could elect a 50% per annum wage reduction for which would
        allow them to be  eligible  for an  incentive  award of three  times the
        value of Stock. This option was elected by three employees.

         Prior to the Stock being issued,  the Company will  establish a trading
account  with an  independent  brokerage  firm for each  Participant.  Incentive
Rights  will  constitute  income to the  Participants  and be subject to payroll
taxes upon Stock issuance.  At the Company selected brokerage firm, we will bear
all expenses related to selling the Stock (i.e.; broker fees, transaction costs,
commissions,  etc.) for payroll withholding taxes purposes.  Thereafter for each
Participant  during the period that they remain an active employee,  the Company
<PAGE> F40
will  continue to bear such costs from this  designated  brokerage  firm for the
maintenance  of this account and all expenses  related to selling the  Company's
Stock.  Participants leaving the Company or voluntarily separating from the Plan
will receive the Stock earned upon the six month  conversion of their  Incentive
Rights.  The Plan benefits for individuals that are no longer  Participants will
become  fixed and the  Company  will not  continue  to bear such  costs from the
designated  brokerage  firm for the  maintenance  of an account nor any expenses
related to selling the Company's  Stock except for the initial costs  associated
to the selling of Stock for payroll withholding taxes purposes.


Employee Bonus Pool Program

         An element of the  Employee  Wage Or Hours  Reduction  Program  was the
establishment  of a  Bonus  Pool  (the  "Pool")  in the  case  of  FDA  Approval
("Approval") of  Ampligen(R).  This bonus is to award to each employee of record
at January 1, 2009 a pretax  sum of 30% in wages,  calculated  on their base per
annum compensation at the time of the Approval,  and awarded within three months
of Approval.  Participants  who terminate their employment prior to the Approval
will not qualify for this bonus.

Standby Financing Agreement

         In  February  2009,  the  Company  entered  into  a  Standby  Financing
Agreement pursuant to which certain individuals  ("Individuals"),  consisting of
Dr. Carter and Thomas Equels, agreed to loan us up to an aggregate of $1,000,000
in funds should they be unable to obtain additional financing,  if needed. Under
the Standby Financing  Agreement,  the Company will use its best efforts in 2009
to obtain one or more additional financing agreements on such terms as our Board
deems to be reasonable and appropriate in order to maintain our  operations.  If
at any time after  December 1, 2009 and prior to June 30, 2010 a majority of the
Company's  independent Directors deems that in the event a financing of at least
$2.5 Million has not been obtained and  additional  funds are needed to maintain
our  operations,  they  will send a  written  notice to each of the  Individuals
informing them of the total amount of additional funds required and the specific
amount that will be required from each Individual.  Within fifteen calendar days
after receipt of the notice, the Individuals will be required to pay the Company
their respective  amount. We will then issue to them one year 15% senior secured
notes for their respective amounts (the "Notes").  Interest will be paid monthly
in our Common Stock.  Repayment of the  principal  and interest  under the Notes
will be secured by all of our assets.  The Company will not, without the consent
of the Individuals,  (i) incur any new debt senior or pari passu to the Notes or
(ii) encumber or grant a security interest in any assets.  Upon 20 business days
written notice,  we may prepay the Notes in cash at any time at 105% of the then
outstanding principal amount of the Notes, plus any accrued but unpaid interest.

         For agreeing to be obligated to loan the Company money, each Individual
received 10 year warrants (the  "Commitment  Warrants") to purchase their common
stock at the rate of $50,000  worth in  warrants  per  $100,000  committed.  The
exercise  price of these  warrants is $0.51 (125% of the market closing price of
their Common Stock on the date that  Agreement  was  executed).  These  warrants
vested  immediately.  If and when the Company notifies the Individuals that they
are consummating the Standby  Financing,  upon each Individual's  payment of his
committed  amount,  he will receive  additional 10 year warrants to purchase our
Common Stock at the rate of $50,000  worth in warrants per  $100,000  paid.  The
<PAGE> F41
exercise  price of the warrants  will be the closing  market price of our Common
Stock on the day we receive the funds from the Individuals.  These warrants will
vest  immediately.  While any portion of the Notes are outstanding,  Individuals
will have  weighted  average  anti-dilution  rights with regard to the  exercise
price of all warrants  issued  pursuant hereto except that these rights will not
apply if the  securities are issued to employees,  board members,  corporate and
scientific  advisors,  select  vendors,  pursuant to our current  agreement with
Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC or part of a corporate or strategic alliance.

FDA Extends NDA Review Date For Ampligen(R)

         In February 2009,  the Company  received a letter from the Federal Drug
Administration  ("FDA") indicating that their originally scheduled  Prescription
Drug User Fee Act ("PDUFA") date on the Ampligen(R)  (Poly I:Poly C12U) New Drug
Application  ("NDA") would be extended by three months "in order to provide time
for a full review of the  submission."  A decision  from the FDA was  originally
expected by February 25, 2009.  The extended  PDUFA date for  Ampligen(R) is now
scheduled for May 25, 2009.  Due to  constraints  at the FDA,  specifically  and
including the increased workload related to the recently enacted and implemented
FDA Amendments Act and Safety  First/Safe Use  initiatives,  work priorities may
change  resulting in the agency going past the customary PDUFA goal date set for
reviews of an NDA.

         Extensions  of NDA  reviews are a separate  category  of FDA  response,
distinct from a complete response letter or approval by the PDUFA date, and have
always  existed.  Prior to the  recent  new FDA  initiatives  (cited  above) and
resultant  increased  workload,  "on time"  action by the agency  has  generally
ranged  between 68 and 100 percent for the standard NDA reviews  between  fiscal
years 1999 and 2006 (source: Annual FDA PDUFA Performance Reports (www.FDA.gov).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                           Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
                 Schedule II -Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                             (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                            <C>                 <C>                   <C>                 <C>
Column A                                     Column B             Column C             Column D             Column E
                                            Balance at                                                     Balance at
                                           beginning of           Charge to           Write-offs         end of period
Description                                   period               expense
-----------                                   ------               -------            ----------         -------------
Year Ended December 31, 2006
Reserve for inventory
                                                $100                  $241               $(100)                $241

Year Ended December 31, 2007
Reserve for inventory
                                                $241                  $109                   -                 $350

Year Ended December 31, 2008
Reserve for inventory
                                                $350                     -                $(64)                $286

</TABLE>

<PAGE>



                                                                    Exhibit 4.18

Form of Commmitment Warrants issued in February 2009 under the Standby Financing
Agreement


THE SECURITIES  REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 OR APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS.  THESE  SECURITIES HAVE BEEN
ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT  AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO  DISTRIBUTION  OR RESALE.  THESE
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, DELIVERED AFTER SALE, TRANSFERRED,
PLEDGED OR  HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT
COVERING SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS,
UNLESS THE HOLDER SHALL HAVE OBTAINED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL  SATISFACTORY TO THE
COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

                        WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK
                                       OF
                           HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC.

Date:  February 1, 2009                                             No. 09-02-01


         Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation  (the "Company"),
hereby certifies that, for value received, [insert name] (the "Warrant Holder"),
is entitled to subscribe for and purchase up to XXX,XXX  shares of the Company's
Common Stock at a price equal to the Exercise Price (as defined below),  subject
to the provisions and upon the terms and conditions  hereinafter set forth. This
Warrant and related terms were approved by the Board of Directors.

         This  Warrant is subject to all of the terms and  conditions  specified
below.

1        COMMON STOCK. The Common Stock of Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. which at
         the date hereof consists of 200 million shares  authorized,  each share
         having a par value of $.001 per share,  as  designated in the Company's
         Certificate of Incorporation as amended from time to time.

2.       STOCK  PURCHASABLE.  The number of shares of Common  Stock  purchasable
         upon the total exercise of this Warrant is [insert number of warrants].

3.       EXERCISE PRICe. The price at which this Warrant is exercisable,  unless
         such price is adjusted as  described  in Section 7, is $0.51 per share,
         in lawful funds of the United States of America ("Exercise Price").

4.       EXPIRATION  OF  WARRANT.  This  Warrant  shall  expire and be no longer
         exercisable   after  5:00  p.m.   Eastern  Time  on  January  31,  2019
         (Expiration Date").

5.       EXERCISE OF WARRANTS. These Warrants may be exercised as of February 1,
         2009 and thereafter  during the remaining term of this  agreement.  The
         purchase  rights  represented  by this  Warrant  may be  exercised,  as
         allowed by the terms and conditions of this  agreement,  in whole or in
         part (but not less than 1,000 share  increments),  by the Warrantholder
         or its duly authorized  attorney or representative at any time and from
         time to time while this Warrant is  exercisable,  upon  presentation of
         this Warrant at the principal office of the Company,  with the purchase
         form (Exhibit A) attached  hereto duly  completed and signed,  and upon
         payment to the Company in cash or by  certified  check or bank draft of
         an amount equal to the number of shares  being so purchased  multiplied
         by the Exercise Price.

6.       PROCEDURES.  The Company agrees that the Warrantholder  shall be deemed
         the record  owner of the Stock as of the close of  business on the date
         on which the Warrant  shall have been  presented and payment shall have
         been made for the Stock as  aforesaid.  Certificates  for the shares of
         Stock so purchased  shall be delivered  to the  Warrantholder  within a
         reasonable  time, not exceeding 15 days,  after the exercise in full of
         the rights represented by this Warrant.

         If the Warrant is exercised in part only,  the Company,  upon surrender
         of  this  Warrant  for  cancellation,   shall  deliver  a  new  Warrant
         evidencing the rights of the  Warrantholder  to purchase the balance of
         the shares of Stock  which the  Warrantholder  is  entitled to purchase
         hereunder.

7.       ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT  SHARES.  The number
         and kind of  securities  purchasable  upon the exercise of this Warrant
         and the Exercise Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
         upon the  occurrence  of certain  events  and in the  manner  described
         below.

         (a) Reorganization,  Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case of any capital
         reclassification or reorganization or of any consolidation or merger of
         the  Company  with or into any other  person,  or any  other  corporate
         reorganization  (other  than a merger  or  consolidation  in which  the
         Company shall be the continuing or surviving  entity and which does not
         result  in any  change  in the  Common  Stock)  or any  sale  of all or
         substantially  all of the assets of the Company  (any such  transaction
         being  hereinafter  referred to as a  "Reorganization"),  then, in each
         case, the Holder, on exercise hereof at any time after the consummation
         or effective date of such Reorganization (the "Effective Date"),  shall
         receive,  in lieu of the Warrant Shares issuable on such exercise prior
         to the  Effective  Date,  the stock and other  securities  and property
         (including cash) to which such Holder would have been entitled upon the
         Effective Date as if the Holder had exercised this Warrant  immediately
         prior thereto.

         (b) Split,  Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock.  If the Company
         at any  time  while  this  Warrant  remains  outstanding  shall  split,
         subdivide  or combine the Common Stock or shall issue a dividend on the
         Common Stock  payable in shares of Common  Stock,  the  Exercise  Price
         shall be proportionately  decreased in the case of a split, subdivision
         or stock  dividend,  and increased in the case of a  combination.  Upon
         each such  adjustment  in the  Exercise  Price,  the  number of Warrant
         Shares  purchasable  hereunder shall be adjusted,  to the nearest whole
         share,  to the product  obtained by  multiplying  the number of Warrant
         Shares purchasable immediately prior to such adjustment in the Exercise
         Price by a fraction  (i) the  numerator  of which shall be the Exercise
         Price immediately prior to such adjustment, and (ii) the denominator of
         which shall be the Exercise Price immediately after such adjustment.

         (c) Other  Dividends  and  Distributions.  If the Company shall make or
         issue,  or shall fix a record  date for the  determination  of eligible
         holders  entitled to receive,  a dividend  or other  distribution  with
         respect to the Common Stock  payable in (i)  securities or evidences of
         indebtedness  of the Company or of other persons  (other than shares of
         Common Stock in which case the  provisions of paragraph (b) above shall
         apply) or (ii) assets or cash (excluding cash dividends paid or payable
         solely out of  retained  earnings),  then in each  case,  the Holder on
         exercise hereof at any time after the  consummation,  effective date or
         record date of such event,  shall  receive,  in addition to the Warrant
         Shares (or such other stock or  securities)  issuable on such  exercise
         prior to such dates the  securities or such other assets of the Company
         to which  Holder  would  have  been  entitled  upon such date as if the
         Holder had exercised this Warrant immediately prior thereto.

         (d)ssuance of stock or convertible securities at a price less than 125%
         of the Exercise  Price.  If and whenever prior to the Expiration  Date,
         the  Company  issues or sells any  shares  of Common  Stock  (excluding
         shares  of  Common  Stock  (i)  issued  to  employees,  board  members,
         corporate  or  scientific  advisors or select  vendors;  (ii) issued to
         Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC pursuant to the Company's current agreement
         with Fusion  Capital;  (iii) issued as part of a corporate or strategic
         alliance;  and (iv) issued upon exercise of options,  warrants or other
         convertible equity or debt securities or rights to acquire Common Stock
         (collectively,   "Outstanding   Convertible   Securities")   which  are
         outstanding on the date immediately preceding the date of this Warrant,
         provided  that such issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
         such Outstanding  Convertible  Securities is made pursuant to the terms
         of such  Outstanding  Convertible  Securities  in  effect  on the  date
         immediately  preceding  the  date  of  this  Warrant  such  Outstanding
         Convertible  Securities  are not  amended  after  the date  immediately
         preceding the date of this Warrant) for a consideration  per share when
         multiplied  by 125%  that is less  than the  Exercise  Price in  effect
         immediately prior to such issuance or sale (each such sale or issuance,
         a "Dilutive  Issuance"),  then  concurrent with such issue or sale, the
         Exercise  Price then in effect shall be reduced to a price  (rounded to
         the nearest  cent) equal to the  product of (x) the  Exercise  Price in
         effect  immediately prior to such issuance or sale and (y) the quotient
         determined  by  dividing  (1)  the sum of (I) the  product  derived  by
         multiplying  the  Exercise  Price in effect  immediately  prior to such
         Dilutive  Issuance  by the  number of shares  of  Common  Stock  Deemed
         Outstanding  immediately  prior to such  issue or sale,  plus  (II) the
         consideration,  if any,  received  by the  Company  upon such  Dilutive
         Issuance,  by (2)  the  product  derived  by  multiplying  the  (I) the
         Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such Dilutive Issuance by
         (II)  the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock   Deemed   Outstanding
         immediately after such Dilutive Issuance.

         (e)  Statements of  Adjustments.  Whenever the Exercise  Price shall be
         adjusted  as provided in this  Section 7, the Company  shall  prepare a
         statement  showing the facts requiring such adjustment and the Exercise
         Price that shall be in effect after such adjustment.  The Company shall
         cause a copy of such  statement  to be by  first  class  mail,  postage
         prepaid,  to the Holder at his/her  address  appearing on the Company's
         records.  Where appropriate,  such copy may be given in advance and may
         be  included  as part of the  notice  required  to be mailed  under the
         provisions of subsection (g) of this Section 7.

         (f) Effectiveness of Adjustment. Adjustment made pursuant to subsection
         (b) (c) and (d) of this Section 7 shall be made on the date such split,
         subdivision, dividend, combination,  distribution or Dilutive Event, as
         the case may be, is made. Adjustments pursuant to subsection (b) or (c)
         shall  become  effective at the opening of business on the business day
         next following the record date for the  determination  of  stockholders
         entitled  to  such  split,   subdivision,   dividend,   combination  or
         distribution.  Adjustments  pursuant  to  subsection  (d) shall  become
         effective at the opening of business on the business day next following
         the date of the adjustment.

         (g) Notices.  In the event the Company shall propose to take any action
         of the types  described in subsection  (a) (b) or (c) of this Section 7
         or the Company has effected a Dilutive  Event,  the Company  shall give
         notice to the Holder, in the manner set forth in subsection (e) of this
         Section 7, which notice shall  specify the record  date,  if any,  with
         respect to any such action under  subsection (a) or (b) and the date on
         which such action is to take place or, in the event of a Dilutive Event
         under  subsection  (d), the date of the  adjustment.  Such notice shall
         also set forth such facts with respect  thereto as shall be  reasonably
         necessary  to  indicate  the  number,  kind or class of shares or other
         securities or property  which shall be  deliverable  to the Holder upon
         exercise hereof following the occurrence of such action. In the case of
         any action which would require the fixing of a record date, such notice
         shall, to the extent practicable be given at least 10 days prior to the
         date so fixed,  and in case of all other  action,  such notice shall be
         given at least 10 days  prior to the  taking of such  proposed  action.
         Failure to give such notice,  or any defect  therein,  shall not affect
         the legality or validity of any such action.

8.       COVENANTS. The Company covenants and agrees that:


         (a)  Reservation  of Stock.  During the period  within which the rights
         represented by the Warrant may be exercised,  the Company shall, at all
         times,  reserve and keep available,  free from preemptive rights out of
         the aggregate of its authorized but unissued Stock,  for the purpose of
         enabling it to satisfy any obligation to issue shares of Stock upon the
         exercise  of this  Warrant,  the number of shares of Stock  deliverable
         upon the exercise of this Warrant.  If at any time the number of shares
         of  authorized  Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the exercise of
         this Warrant,  the Company shall take such  corporate  action as may be
         necessary to increase its  authorized but unissued Stock to such number
         of shares as shall be sufficient  for such  purpose.  The Company shall
         have  analogous  obligations  with respect to any other  securities  or
         properties issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.

         (b) No Liens,  etc.  All Stock that may be issued upon  exercise of the
         rights  represented  by this Warrant shall,  upon issuance,  be validly
         issued,  fully paid,  nonassessable and free from all taxes,  liens and
         charges with respect to the issue thereof;

         (c)  Taxes.  All  original  issue  taxes  payable  with  respect to the
         issuance of shares upon the exercise of the rights  represented by this
         Warrant  shall be  borne by the  Company,  but in no  event  shall  the
         Company be  responsible  or liable for income  taxes or transfer  taxes
         upon the transfer of any Warrant;

         (d)  No Diminution of Value.
              -----------------------
         The Company  shall not take any action to terminate  this Warrant or to
         diminish it in value; and

         (e) Notice of Events.  The Company shall give prior  written  notice to
         the Warrantholder of (i) any tender offer that is being made for any of
         the  Company's  stock;   (ii)  any  offers  to  holders  of  Stock  for
         subscription  or  purchase by them of any shares of stock of any class;
         (iii) any capital  reorganization of the Company,  reclassification  of
         the  capital  stock of the  Company,  consolidation  or  merger  of the
         Company with or into another  corporation,  the sale, lease or transfer
         of all or substantially all of the property or assets of the Company to
         another  corporation  or  the  voluntary  or  involuntary  dissolution,
         liquidation or winding up of the Company and (iv) any event of the type
         described  in Section 7 hereof  (all such  events in  clauses  (i)-(iv)
         above are referred to as "Events").  Upon becoming aware of any pending
         or proposed  Event,  the  Company  shall  deliver  notice at least five
         business  days before the day of the  occurrence of any Event and shall
         describe  the Event,  the date it is to take place and when the holders
         of the  Company's  stock will be entitled to exchange  their shares for
         securities or other properties deliverable upon such Event.

9.       VOTING  RIGHTS.  Until  exercised,  this Warrant  shall not entitle the
         Warrantholder  to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of
         the Company.

10.      TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. Neither this Warrant nor the Stock issuable upon
         the exercise hereof may be sold,  transferred,  pledged or hypothecated
         unless the Company shall have been  supplied  with evidence  reasonably
         satisfactory  to  it  that  such  transfer  is  not  violation  of  the
         Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended  (the "Act"),  and any  applicable
         state  laws.  The  Company  may place a legend  to that  effect on this
         Warrant or any replacement Warrant and on each certificate representing
         shares  issuable  upon  exercise  of  this  Warrant.   Subject  to  the
         satisfaction  of  the  aforesaid  condition,   this  Warrant  shall  be
         transferable by the Warrantholder.

         If this Warrant is transferred,  in whole or in part, upon surrender of
         this  Warrant  to the  Company,  the  Company  shall  deliver  to  each
         transferee  an  Warrant  evidencing  the rights of such  transferee  to
         purchase the number of shares of Stock that such transferee is entitled
         to purchase pursuant to such transfer.

11.      STOCKHOLDER  COMMUNICATIONS.  Until the exercise or  expiration of this
         Warrant,  the Company  shall provide each  Warrantholder  with each and
         every report or other  communication  mailed to the stockholders of the
         Company.

12.      LOST,  STOLEN  WARRANTS.  If this Warrant is lost,  stolen mutilated or
         destroyed,  the  Company  shall,  on  such  terms  as the  Company  may
         reasonably  impose,  including  a  requirement  that the  Warrantholder
         obtain a bond,  issue a new  Warrant  of like  denomination,  tenor and
         date.  Any such new Warrant shall  constitute  an original  contractual
         obligation of the Company,  whether or not the allegedly lost,  stolen,
         mutilated  or destroyed  Warrant  shall be at any time  enforceable  by
         anyone.

13.      PROVISIONS  OF  NEW  WARRANTS.  Any  Warrant  issued  pursuant  to  the
         provisions  of Section  14, or upon  transfer,  exchange,  division  or
         partial  exercise of this Warrant or  combination  thereof with another
         Warrant  or  Warrants,  shall set  forth  each  provision  set forth in
         Sections  1  through  26,  inclusive,  of this  Warrant  as  each  such
         provision is set forth herein,  and shall be duly executed on behalf of
         the Company by an executive officer.

14.      CANCELLATION OF WARRANT. Upon surrender of this Warrant for transfer or
         exchange or upon the exercise hereof, this Warrant shall be canceled by
         the  Company,  shall not be reissued  by the  Company,  and,  except as
         provided in Section 6 in case of a transfer, no Warrant shall be issued
         in lieu hereof.  Any new Warrant  certificate  shall be issued promptly
         but no later than 14 days after receipt of the old Warrant certificate,
         provided,  however,  that the obligation of the Company to transfer the
         Warrant or issue the shares of Stock upon the  exercise of this Warrant
         shall be subject to compliance with Section 10.

15.      COMPLETE  AGREEMENT:  Modifications.  This  Warrant  and any  documents
         referred to herein or executed  contemporaneously  herewith  constitute
         the parties' entire agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof
         and supersede all agreements, representations,  warranties, statements,
         promises and understandings,  whether oral or written,  with respect to
         the subject matter hereof. This Warrant may not be amended,  altered or
         modified except by a writing signed by the parties.

16.      COOPERATION.  Each party  hereto  agrees to execute any and all further
         documents and writings and perform such other reasonable  actions which
         may be or become  necessary or expedient  to  effectuate  and carry out
         this Warrant.

17.      NOTICES.  All notices  under this Warrant shall be in writing and shall
         be  delivered by personal  service or  telegram,  telecopy or certified
         mail,  postage prepaid,  to such address as may be designated from time
         to time by the relevant party, and which will initially be as set forth
         below.  Any notice sent by  certified  mail will be deemed to have been
         given  three (3) days after the date on which it is  mailed.  All other
         notices will be deemed given when received. No objection may be made to
         the manner of delivery of any notice actually received in writing by an
         authorized agent of a party.  Notices will be addressed as set forth on
         the last page  hereof or to such other  addresses  as the party to whom
         the same is directed will have specified.

18.      SUCCESSOR AND ASSIGNS.  Except as provided herein to the contrary, this
         Warrant  shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties,
         their respective successors and permitted assigns.

19.      GOVERNING  LAW:  JURISDICTION.  This  Warrant  shall be governed by and
         construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware
         and without giving effect to choice of law provisions.  No amendment or
         waiver of any provision of this Warrant, nor a consent to any departure
         by the Company  therefrom,  shall in any event be effective  unless the
         same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the Holder,  and
         then such waiver or consent  shall be  effective  only in the  specific
         instance and for the specific  purpose for which given. The captions of
         this Warrant have been inserted for convenience  only and shall have no
         substantive effect.

20.      CONSTRUCTION. No term or provision of the Warrant shall be construed so
         as to require the  commission  of any act contrary to law, and wherever
         there is any  conflict  between any  provision  of this Warrant and any
         present or future statute,  law,  ordinance,  or regulation contrary to
         which the parties  have no legal right to  contract,  the latter  shall
         prevail,  but in such event the  provision  of this Warrant so affected
         shall be curtailed and limited only to the extent necessary to bring it
         within the requirements of the law.

21.      WAIVERS STRICTLY  CONSTRUED.  With regard to any power, remedy or right
         provided  herein or otherwise  available to any party  hereunder (i) no
         waiver  or  extension  of time  shall  be  effective  unless  expressly
         contained  in  writing  signed  by  the  waiving  party;  and  (ii)  no
         alteration,  modification  or impairment  shall be implied by reason of
         any previous waiver,  extension of time, delay or omission in exercise,
         or other indulgence.

22.      SEVERABILITY. If one or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be
         held to be  invalid,  illegal  or  unenforceable  in any  respect,  the
         validity,  legality or  enforceability of the remainder of this Warrant
         shall not be affected.

23.      HEADINGS. The headings in this Warrant are inserted only as a matter of
         convenience,  and in no way define,  limit,  or extend or interpret the
         scope of this Warrant or of any particular provision.

24.      COUNTERPARTS. This Warrant may be executed in two or more counterparts,
         each of which shall be deemed an  original,  but all of which  together
         shall constitute one or the same instrument.

25.      ATTORNEY'S  FEES.  Should any  litigation be commenced  (including  any
         proceedings in a bankruptcy  court) between the parties hereto or their
         representatives  concerning any provision of this Warrant or the rights
         and  duties of any  person or entity  hereunder,  the party or  parties
         prevailing in such proceedings  shall be entitled,  in addition to such
         other relief as may be granted,  to the attorney's fees and court costs
         incurred by reason of such litigation.

26.      NO BROKERS ETC. FEES.  Each party hereto  represents that it is not and
         will not be obligated for any finder's or broker's fees or  commissions
         in connection with this Warrant or any agreement  referred to herein or
         contemplated  hereby. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
         the Warrantholder from any liability for any commission or compensation
         in the nature of a finder's or broker's fee (and the costs and expenses
         of defending  against such  liability or asserted  liability) for which
         the Company or any of its  officers,  employees or  representatives  is
         alleged to be responsible.

27.      OTHER.  These Warrants were granted to the  Warrantholder  for services
         performed on behalf of the Company.


WITNESS the signature of a duly authorized officer.

Dated: February 1, 2009

Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.

By:___________________________________________________________
   Charles T. Bernhardt, Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

ADDRESS OF COMPANY:

Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
One Penn Center
1617 JFK Boulevard
Philadelphia, PA  19103

Telephone         (215) 988-0080
Fax               (215) 988-1739

ADDRESS OF WARRANTHOLDER:

                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                           HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.

                                  PURCHASE FORM

                                    09-02-01

                     To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant

The undersigned  Warrant holder hereby exercises the right to purchase shares of
Stock,  evidenced by the within  Warrant,  according to the terms and conditions
thereof,  and  herewith  makes  payment  of  the  purchase  price  in  full  for
________________  shares at the exercise price of $_______ per share for a total
of $________________.  The undersigned requests that the certificate(s) for such
shares shall be issued in the name and delivered to the address set forth below:

                           -----------------------------------

If said  number of  shares  shall not be all the  shares  purchasable  under the
within  Warrant the  Warrantholder  hereby  requests  that a new Warrant for the
unexercised portion  (______________ shares) shall be registered in the name and
delivered to the address set forth below.

Dated:  __________________________

                          NAME OF WARRANTHOLDER

                        By:_____________________________


                         Address:

                         Employee Identification Number,
                         Social Security Number or other identifying
                         number:

                         -------------------------------------


<PAGE>




                                                                   Exhibit 10.60
                    Employee Wage Or Hours Reduction Program

                            Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc
                    Employee Wage Or Hours Reduction Program
                              As Of January 1, 2009

General
The Board of  Directors  have  approved  the  Employee  Wage Or Hours  Reduction
Program  (the  "Program")  to conserve  cash in 2009 which  includes a mandatory
program in which all employees agree to reduce their compensation through either
the election of accepting a reduction in their wages or proportionately reducing
their work hours per week.  In the case of  employees  electing to reduce  their
wages rather than work hours,  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. (the  "Company") has
created an incentive plan (the "Incentive  Plan") for which active  employees as
of January 1, 2009 would be eligible to receive  shares of Company  unrestricted
freely tradable common stock  ("Stock").  Employees who decline to reduce either
their wages or work hours will be terminated regarding their employment with the
Company as of December 31, 2008.

Term
This  Program  will go into effect on January 1, 2009 and is  estimated to be in
effect for up to six months. However, this term could be reduced or increased in
duration by the Company's management depending on the financial condition of the
Company.

Wage Reduction Incentive Plan
A  Wage  Reduction  Incentive  Plan  (the  "Plan")  is  available  to  employees
("Participants")  who elect to  reduce  their  wages  without  decreasing  their
minimum forty hour work week. On a semi-monthly basis, Participants will receive
rights to Stock ("Incentive Rights") that cannot be traded. Six months after the
date the Incentive  Rights are awarded,  the Company will undertake a process to
have Incentive  Rights  converted into Stock and issued to each Participant on a
monthly basis.

The Company will establish and maintain a record ("Participant's Statement") for
the number of Incentive Rights awarded to each  Participant.  At the end of each
semi-monthly  period,  the Company will determine the number of Incentive Rights
by converting  the  proportionate  incentive  award to the value of the Stock by
utilizing the closing price of the Stock on the NYSE  Alternext US (formerly the
American  Stock  Exchange or AMEX) based on the average  daily closing price for
the period.  On a monthly basis, a Participant  Statement will be issued to each
Participant  reflecting  the number of  Incentive  Rights  earned in the current
period as well as cumulative Incentive Rights earned.

Wage Reduction Incentive Plan Terms The Plan will be administered as follows:
o     Participants  earning $90,000 or less per year that elect a wage reduction
      of 10% per annum will receive an incentive of two times the value in Stock
      (i.e.;  $3,000 per month  wages at 10% wage  reduction  = $300 x 2 or $600
      value in Incentive Rights and $2,700 in wages);
o     Participants  earning  $90,001  to  $200,000  per year  that  elect a wage
      reduction  of 25% per annum  will  receive an  incentive  of two times the
      value in Stock  (i.e.;  $10,000  per month  wages at 25% wage  reduction =
      $2,500 x 2 or $5,000 value in Incentive Rights and $7,500 in wages);
o     Participants earning over $200,000 per year that elect a wage reduction of
      50% per annum will  receive an incentive of three times the value in Stock
      (i.e.;  $17,000 per month pay x 50% wage reduction = $8,500 x 3 or $25,500
      value in Incentive Rights and $8,500 in wages);
o     Any  employee  can elect a 50% per annum wage  reduction.  This will allow
      them to be  eligible  for an  incentive  award of three times the value of
      Stock  (i.e.;  $3,000 per month pay x 50% wage  reduction  = $1,500 x 3 or
      $4,500 value in Incentive Rights and $1,500 in wages).

Wage Reduction Incentive Plan Administration
1.   Prior to the Stock being issued  (becoming  available to sell), the Company
     will   establish  a  trading   account  with  a  Brokerage  Firm  for  each
     Participant.
2.   As with most awards  offered to eligible  employees,  the Incentive  Rights
     will constitute  income to the Participants and be subject to payroll taxes
     upon Stock issuance. At the Company established Brokerage Firm, the Company
     will bear all  expenses  related to selling the Stock  (i.e.;  broker fees,
     transaction  costs,  commissions,   etc.)  for  payroll  withholding  taxes
     purposes.
3.   Thereafter  for each  Participant  during  the period  that they  remain an
     active employee or becomes deceased during their preexisting  participation
     in the  Plan,  the  Company  will  continue  to bear such  costs  from this
     designated  Brokerage  Firm for the  maintenance  of this  account  and all
     expenses related to selling the Company's Stock.
4.   Participants  leaving the Company or voluntarily  separating  from the Plan
     will  receive  the  Stock  earned  upon the six month  conversion  of their
     Incentive  Rights.  The Plan  benefits for  individuals  that are no longer
     Participants  will become  fixed and the Company  will not continue to bear
     such costs from the  designated  Brokerage  Firm for the  maintenance of an
     account nor any expenses  related to selling the Company's Stock except for
     the  initial  costs   associated  to  the  selling  of  Stock  for  payroll
     withholding taxes purposes.
5.   In the case of dividends, splits or any other related activity initiated by
     the Company to the Stock prior to the six month  conversation  period,  the
     financial  impact will be calculated into the value of the Incentive Rights
     for the eventual conversion to Stock.
6.   The Company makes no representations as to the ultimate value of the Stock
     nor Incentive Rights issued to the employee under the Plan.
7.   The Company makes no representations as to whether the Plan will ultimately
     be the same as,  greater than, or less than,  the  employee's  compensation
     prior to the employee's participation in the Wage Reduction Incentive Plan.
8.   Subject to the  provisions  of the Plan,  the Board of  Directors  shall be
     authorized  to  interpret  the Plan and the grants made under the Plan,  to
     establish,  amend and rescind any rules, regulations or policies related to
     the Plan, to determine the terms and provisions of the  agreements  related
     to the Plan,  and to make all other  determinations  necessary or advisable
     for the  administration of the Plan. The Board of Directors may correct any
     defect,  supply any omission and reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or
     any grant in the manner and to the extent it shall be deemed  desirable  to
     carry into  effect.  The  determination  of the Board of  Directors  in the
     administration  of the  Plan,  as  described  herein,  shall be  final  and
     conclusive.  The Board of Directors may adopt such rules,  regulations  and
     policies as it deems necessary for governing its affairs.


Withholding Taxes For Incentive Award
On the date Stock is to be issued, the number of shares needed for sale to cover
the related  payroll  withholding  taxes will be  determined  by the Company and
communicated  to  the  Participant.   The  Participant  may  elect  to  pay  the
withholding  taxes dollar  amount  directly to the Company or formally  agree to
sell the necessary shares of Stock and immediately forward the proceeds directly
to the Company for payroll tax withholding. The Stock proceeds will then be used
to fund the employee's portion of payroll withholding taxes.

Hours Reduction Program
As an alternative to the Wage Reduction Incentive Plan, an employee may elect to
reduce their  working  hours and  proportionate  pay  determined  on base salary
criteria:  o  Participants  earning  $90,000 or less per year would reduce their
work hours and proportionate compensation by 10%; o Participants earning $90,001
to  $200,000  per  year  would   reduce  their  work  hours  and   proportionate
compensation  by 25%; or o  Participants  earning  over  $200,000 per year would
reduce their work hours and  proportionate  compensation  by 50%. o Any employee
could elect to reduce their work hours and proportionate compensation by 50%.

Mandatory Employee Election
As of December 31, 2008,  all employees  will be required to  acknowledge  their
participation  in the Program by  executing  an  agreement to be supplied by the
Company titled "Employee  Election Form As Of December 31, 2008". This agreement
will reference to the terms of the Program Document.  Otherwise,  employees will
be  required  to  separate  from  the  Company.   Those  employees  electing  to
participate  in the  Program  through  timely  election  of the  Wage  Reduction
Incentive Plan Or Hours Reduction Program,  understand and acknowledge that they
will remain employees "at will".


Bonus Pool
A Bonus  Pool  (the  "Pool")  will be  established  in the case of FDA  Approval
("Approval")  of Ampligen to award each  employee of record at January 1, 2009 a
pretax sum of 30% in wages,  calculated on their base per annum  compensation at
the time of the  Approval  and to be awarded  within  three  months of Approval.
Participants  who  terminate  their  employment  prior to the Approval  will not
qualify for this bonus.

Subject  to the  provisions  of the  Program,  the Board of  Directors  shall be
authorized  to  interpret  the Pool and the  grants  made  under  the  Pool,  to
establish,  amend and rescind any rules,  regulations or policies related to the
Pool, to determine the terms and  provisions  of the  agreements  related to the
Pool,  and to make all  other  determinations  necessary  or  advisable  for the
administration  of the Pool.  The Board of  Directors  may  correct  any defect,
supply any omission and reconcile any  inconsistency in the Pool or any grant in
the manner and to the extent it shall be deemed  desirable to carry into effect.
The  determination of the Board of Directors in the  administration of the Pool,
as described herein,  shall be final and conclusive.  The Board of Directors may
adopt such rules,  regulations  and policies as it deems necessary for governing
its affairs.


Goal Achievement Incentive Program
The Company will pay eligible employees an aggregate  incentive bonus based upon
the Goal Achievement Incentive Program described in the 8-K of November 28, 2008
titled "Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. Introduces Expense Reduction Program" filed
with the SEC. The aggregate  incentive bonus will be in the amount of 1% of cash
received  from each  Strategic  Partnering  Agreement as defined in November 28,
2008's 8-K. Eligible employees are defined as employees of record of the Company
as of January 1, 2009 and continue to be active  employees of the Company at the
time of  execution  of each  respective  Strategic  Partnering  Agreement.  Each
eligible  employee will be paid a proportion of the  aggregate  incentive  bonus
equal to the proportion of such eligible  employee's  base  compensation  at the
time of the execution of each respective  Strategic  Partnering Agreement to the
total base  compensation of all eligible  employees at the time of the execution
of each such Strategic Partnering Agreement.



<PAGE>



                                                                   Exhibit 10.61
                           Standby Financing Agreement

         THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 1st day of February,  2009 by
and between HEMISPHERX BIOPHARAM,  INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
and the undersigned  Individuals  (each an "Individual"  and  collectively,  the
"Individuals").

         WHEREAS, the Company may have additional financial requirements between
December  1, 2009 and June 30,  2010 if the  Company  is  unable  to  consummate
strategic   partnering   transactions  or  other  financing   arrangements  (the
"Additional Financing"); and

         WHEREAS, each of the Individuals is ready, willing and able to loan the
Company  funds up to the amounts set forth next to their names on the  signature
page of this  Agreement  through the  purchase of  securities  as  described  in
greater detail below (the "Notes Funding"),

NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. The  Company  shall use its best  efforts  to obtain  one or more  Additional
Financings  on such  terms  and  subject  to such  conditions  as the  Board  of
Directors of the Company shall deem to be reasonable and appropriate in order to
maintain the Company's operations.

2. If at any time after  December  1, 2009 and prior to June 30, 2010 a majority
of the  independent  Directors of the Company deem that in the event a financing
of at least $2.5 Million has not been achieved and  additional  funds are needed
to maintain the Company's  operations,  the Company shall send a written  notice
(the "Notice") to each of the Individuals  informing them of the total amount of
additional  funds required,  that the Company is effecting the Notes Funding and
the specific amount that will be required from each Individual (each amount,  an
"Individual's  Amount").  The Company will deliver with the Notice the following
documents:  (i) a securities  purchase agreement  ("SPA"),  (ii) a form of Note.
(iii) a security  agreement  ("Security  Agreement"),  and (iv) a form of common
stock  purchase  warrant  ("Note  Warrant")  (all  of the  foregoing  documents,
collectively, the "Transaction Documents").

3.  Within  fifteen  (15)  calendar  days  after  receipt  of the Notice and the
Transaction  Documents from the Company,  the  Individuals  shall deliver to the
Company  an  executed  SPA and their  respective  Individual's  Amount,  and the
Company  shall deliver to each  Individual  executed  copies of the  Transaction
Documents.

4. No  Individual  shall be  required  to pay more than his or her  Individual's
Amount as adjusted pursuant to paragraph 4 above.

5. The specific  terms of the Note Funding are set forth on Exhibit A,  attached
hereto and, by this reference, incorporated herein.

6. The  Company  will  issue to each  Individual  who  executes  this  Agreement
Commitment  Warrants as defined and described in Exhibit A in  consideration  of
his or her agreeing to  participate  in the Note Funding and being  obligated to
provide funding thereunder.

7. Each of the Individuals hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(a) The  Individual  (i) is  over  the age of 21 (if an  individual);  (ii)  has
adequate  means of providing  for the  Individual's  current  needs and possible
contingencies,  and the Individual has no need for liquidity of the Individual's
investment  in the  Company;  (iii) can bear the  economic  risk of  losing  the
Individual's entire investment  therein;  (iv) has such knowledge and experience
in business and  financial  matters,  alone or with a purchaser  representative,
that the  Individual is capable of evaluating  the relative  risks and merits of
this investment;  (v) understands the speculative  nature and uncertainty of the
Company's business; and (vi) not only can the Individual bear the economic risk,
but understands that the Individual can lose his entire investment.

(b) The Individual  acknowledges that the Notes, the Commitment Warrants and the
Note  Warrants,  as well as any shares  issuable as interest  under the Notes or
exercise of the Warrants (collectively,  the "Securities") have not been and are
not being  registered  under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") and that the
certificates  received  by the  Individual  will bear a legend  indicating  that
transfer of these  Securities  is restricted by reason of the fact that the said
Securities have not been so registered.

(c) The Individual  represents that these  Securities are being acquired for his
or her own account,  for investment  purposes only and not with a view to resale
or other distribution  thereof, nor with the intention of selling,  transferring
or otherwise  disposing of all or any part of such Securities for any particular
event or  circumstances,  except for selling,  transferring or disposing of said
Securities in full compliance with all applicable  provisions of the Act and the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, and the Rules and  Regulations  promulgated by
the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  thereunder.  The  Individual  further
understands  and  agrees  that  such  Securities  may be sold  only if they  are
subsequently  registered under the Act or an exemption from such registration is
available,  and that any routine sales of Securities  made in reliance upon Rule
144 can be made only after the holding  period  specified in that Rule, and only
in the amounts set forth in and  pursuant to the other terms and  conditions  of
that Rule.  The Individual  understands  that a stop order will be placed on the
book and records of the transfer agent  regarding any shares issued  pursuant to
the Securities.

(d) The address set forth below is the Individual's true and correct  residence,
and the Individual has no present  intention of becoming a resident of any other
state  or  jurisdiction  prior  to the  date on  which  payment  in full for the
Securities is made.

(e) The  Individual's  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement  has been duly
authorized by all necessary legal action.

(f) The  Individual  has reviewed  this  Agreement and the  Attachment  attached
thereto.

(g) The  Individual has read the  definitions  of "ACCREDITED  INVESTOR" as that
term is defined on the last two pages of this Agreement and the Individual is an
"ACCREDITED INVESTOR."

(h) The  Individual  has been afforded the  opportunity  to ask questions of and
receive answers from the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the Note
Funding and the business of the Company and to obtain any additional information
which the Company  possesses or could  acquire  without  unreasonable  effort or
expense  that is  necessary  to verify the  accuracy  of  information  contained
herein; the Individual desires no more information;

(i) There are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the Securities.
Each of the  certificates  representing  Securities  acquired by the  Individual
pursuant hereto will bear in substance the following legend:

         "These  securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of
1933,  as  amended.  They may not be sold or  transferred  in the  absence of an
effective  Registration  Statement  under that Act without an opinion of counsel
satisfactory to the Company that such Registration is not required."

The foregoing  representations  and  warranties  are true and accurate as of the
date hereof. If, in any respect,  such  representations and warranties shall not
be true and  accurate  prior  to the date  that  the  Company  effects  the Note
Funding,  the Individual  shall give written notice of such fact to the Company,
specifying  which  representations  and warranties are not true and accurate and
the reasons therefor, if any.

8.       Transferability.
         ---------------

The Individual  will not transfer or assign this  Agreement,  or any interest of
the Individual herein without the prior written consent of the Company,  and the
assignment and  transferability of the Securities acquired pursuant hereto shall
be made only in accordance  with the provisions of this  Agreement,  the Act and
Regulations thereunder and applicable state securities laws.

9.       Miscellaneous
        ----------------

(a) All  notices or other  communications  given or made  hereunder  shall be in
writing  and shall be deemed to have been duly  given (i) on the date of service
if served personally on the party to whom notice is to be given, (ii) on the day
of transmission if sent by facsimile transmission to the number given below, and
telephonic  confirmation  of receipt is obtained  promptly  after  completion of
transmission,  (iii) on the day after  delivery  to  Federal  Express or similar
overnight  courier,  or (iv) on the fifth day  after  mailing,  if mailed to the
party  to whom  notice  is to be  given,  by first  class  mail,  registered  or
certified, postage prepaid, and properly addressed, return receipt requested, to
the party as follows:  To the  Company:  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.,  1617 JFK
Boulevard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 1910, facsimile number: (215) 988-1739. To
the Individuals: at the address set forth on the signature page hereto.

(b) This  Agreement  shall be governed by and construed in  accordance  with the
substantive law of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the principles
of conflicts of laws thereof.

(c) This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement  between the parties hereto
with respect to the subject  matter  hereof and may be amended only by a writing
executed by all parties.

(d) This  Agreement  may be executed in two (2) or more  counterparts,  and with
counterpart signature pages, each of which shall be deemed an original,  and all
of such counterparts together constitute but one (1) and the same agreement. One
(1) or more  counterparts  may be delivered by facsimile with the same force and
effect as an original.

(e) If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable,
the remainder of the terms,  provisions,  covenants and  restrictions  set forth
herein  shall  remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be  affected,
impaired or  invalidated,  and the parties  hereto shall use their  commercially
reasonable  efforts to find and employ an alternative  means to achieve the same
or substantially the same result as that  contemplated by such term,  provision,
covenant  or  restriction.  It is  hereby  stipulated  and  declared  to be  the
intention of the parties  that they would have  executed  the  remaining  terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as a sealed
instrument as of the date first above written.

                               HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.


                          By: _________________________
                              Chief Financial Officer

                                            Accredited
                                            Investor
Individual/Address                          Confirmation*     $Amount Committed

___________________________                       #4               $500,000
                                            --------------         --------
William A. Carter, M.D.





Fax No.:
----------------------------------

___________________________                        #4               $500,000
                                            ---------------         --------
Thomas Equels, Esq.





Fax No.:
----------------------------------


* Each Individual is required to insert one of the subsections of the definition
of  "Accredited  Investor" set forth on the last two pages of the Agreement that
applies to him.


<PAGE>


                    FEDERAL DEFINITION OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR


                                 SEC RULE 501(a)


Sec. 230.501      Definitions and terms used in Regulation D.

                  As used in Regulation  D, the  following  terms shall have the
meaning indicated:

(a) Accredited Investor.  "Accredited  Investor" shall mean any person who comes
within any of the following  categories,  or who the issuer reasonably  believes
comes  within any of the  following  categories,  at the time of the sale of the
securities to that person:

                  (1) Any bank as defined in Section  3(a(2) of the Act,  or any
         savings and loan association or other institution as defined in Section
         3(a)(5)(A)  of the Act whether  acting in its  individual  or fiduciary
         capacity; any broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the
         Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934;  insurance  company  as  defined  in
         Section  2(13) of the Act;  investment  company  registered  under  the
         Investment  Company  Act of 1940 or a business  development  company as
         defined in Section  2(a)(48)  of that Act;  Small  Business  Investment
         Company  licensed  by the  U.S.  Small  Business  Administration  under
         Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any
         plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions,
         or  any  agency  or   instrumentality  of  a  state  or  its  political
         subdivisions for the benefit of its employees,  if investment decisions
         are  made  by a plan  fiduciary  which  is a  bank,  savings  and  loan
         association,  insurance company,  or registered  investment adviser and
         the plan establishes  fiduciary principles the same or similar to those
         contained  in sections  404-407 of Title I of the  Employee  Retirement
         Income Security Act of 1974,  employee  benefit plan within the meaning
         of  the  Employee  Retirement  Income  Security  Act  of  1974  if  the
         investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary,  as defined in Section
         3(21)  of  such  Act,  which  is  either  a  bank,   savings  and  loan
         association, insurance company, or registered investment adviser, or if
         the employee  benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 or,
         if a  self-directed  plan,  with  investment  decisions  made solely by
         persons that are accredited investors;

                  (2)      Any private business development company as defined
         in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940;

                  (3) Any  organization  described  in Section  501(c)(3) of the
         Internal Revenue Code,  corporation,  Massachusetts or similar business
         trust, or partnership, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring
         the securities offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

                  (4) Any director, executive officer, or general partner of the
         issuer  of the  securities  being  offered  or sold,  or any  director,
         executive  officer,  or general  partner  of a general  partner of that
         issue;

                  (5) Any natural person whose  individual  net worth,  or joint
         net  worth  with that  person's  spouse,  at the time of his  purchase,
         exceeds $1,000,000;

                  (6) Any natural person who had an individual  income in excess
         of $200,000 in each of the two most recent  years or joint  income with
         that  person's  spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and
         has a reasonable  expectation  of reaching the same income level in the
         current year;

                  (7) Any trust, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000,  not
         formed for the specific  purpose of acquiring the  securities  offered,
         whose  purchase is directed by a  sophisticated  person as described in
         '230.506(b)(2)(ii); and

                  (8) Any entity in which all of the equity owners are
          accredited investors.




<PAGE>



                                                                   Exhibit 10.62
                Engagement Letter with Charles T. Bernhardt, CPA

                           HEMISOHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.

     Date:        December 1, 2008

     To:          Charles T. Bernhardt

   CC:            Robert Peterson, Wayne Springate

     From:        William A. Carter

     Re: Chief Financial Officer Position

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Based on your outstanding  commitment to date, we are prepared to offer you
     this position,  effective  January 1, 2009,  subject to the following terms
     and  conditions:  The  position  is interim CFO on an "at will" basis i.e.,
     either party may cancel the agreement  upon two (2) weeks  written  notice.
     Moreover,  based  on  your  continued  growth  in the  area  of 404 and SOX
     compliance,  plus  other  matters  customarily  executed  by CFOs of public
     companies,  we may well enter into a longer  term  contract,  solely at our
     discretion.  Your initial  salary will be $160,000  per annum,  paid 50% in
     restricted  stock (like all other employees whose gross pay exceeds $90,000
     per year) and you will be eligible for the Achievement  Strategic  Alliance
     (cash)  pool  described  in  our  recent  news   releases.   Following  any
     significant external investment, you may receive the full salary in cash if
     you desire  (you will  receive a stock  certificate  for your work prior to
     January 1, 2009,  regardless of your  decision  regarding the CFO (interim)
     position pursuant to your previous understanding with Wayne Springate). Mr.
     Peterson has agreed to assist you as Financial  Advisor with special  focus
     on timely preparation of the 10-K.

     I have  certainly  enjoyed  working with you,  especially  your  diligence,
     enthusiasm and willingness to work 7 days per week. Companies which survive
     and grow in such turbulent times benefit from such focused energy as yours.

     Best regards,


     William A. Carter, M.D., CEO

     Agreed to

     ----------------------                                     ----------
     Charles T. Bernhardt                                         Date


<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 21
                                  Subsidiaries

                                                                         Status
                                                                         -------
US Subsidiaries:

BioPro Corp.                                                             Dormant

BioAegean Corp.                                                          Dormant

Core BioTech Corp.                                                       Dormant



Foreign Subsidiaries:

Hemispherx Biopharma Europe N.V./S.A. (Belgium)                        Inactive

Hemispherx Biopharma Europe S.A. (Luxembourg)                          Dissolved





<PAGE>




                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm




Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania


     We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(No.  333-129811  and No.  333-155528) on Form S-8 and the  Registration  of the
Universal Shelf (No. 333-151696) on Form S-3 of Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. and
Subsidiaries  of our reports  dated March 13, 2009  relating to our audit of the
consolidated  financial  statements and the financial  statement  schedule,  and
internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2008.


/s/ McGladrey & Pullen LLP
McGladrey & Pullen LLP

Blue Bell, Pennsylvania
March 13, 2009



<PAGE>


                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

      CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, William A. Carter certify that:

1.       I  have  reviewed  this  annual  report  on  Form  10-K  of  Hemispherx
         Biopharma, Inc.;

2.       Based  on my  knowledge,  this  report  does  not  contain  any  untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances  under which
         such  statements  were made, not misleading  with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and other financial
         information  included in this  report,  fairly  present in all material
         respects the financial condition,  results of operations and cash flows
         of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The Registrant's other certifying  officer(s) and I are responsible for
         establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange  Act Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))and  internal
         control  over  financial  reporting  (as defined in Exchange  Act Rules
         13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

    a.   Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or caused  such
         disclosure   controls  and   procedures   to  be  designed   under  our
         supervision,  to  ensure  that  material  information  relating  to the
         Registrant,  including its consolidated subsidiaries,  is made known to
         us by others within those entities,  particularly  during the period in
         which this report is being prepared;

    b.   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
         internal  control over  financial  reporting  to be designed  under our
         supervision,  to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
         of financial reporting and the preparation of financial  statements for
         external  purposes in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
         principles;

    c.   Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and
         procedures  and  presented  in this  report our  conclusions  about the
         effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,  as of the end
         of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    d.   Disclosed  in this  report  any  change  in the  Registrant's  internal
         control over financial  reporting that occurred during the Registrant's
         most  recent  fiscal  quarter  that  has  materially  affected,  or  is
         reasonably  likely to  materially  affect,  the  Registrant's  internal
         control over financial reporting; and


5.       The  Registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s) and I have  disclosed,
         based on our most recent  evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting,  to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         Registrant's  board of directors (or persons  performing the equivalent
         functions):

    a.   All significant  deficiencies and material  weaknesses in the design or
         operation  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which are
         reasonably  likely to  adversely  affect  the  Registrant's  ability to
         record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

    b.   Any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or other
         employees  who have a  significant  role in the  Registrant's  internal
         control over financial reporting.

Date:  March 13, 2009

                                            /s/ William A. Carter
                                            ---------------------------
                                             William A. Carter, M.D.
                                             Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>



                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

      CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Charles T. Bernhardt certify that:

1.       I  have  reviewed  this  annual  report  on  Form  10-K  of  Hemispherx
         Biopharma, Inc.;

2.       Based  on my  knowledge,  this  report  does  not  contain  any  untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances  under which
         such  statements  were made, not misleading  with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and other financial
         information  included in this  report,  fairly  present in all material
         respects the financial condition,  results of operations and cash flows
         of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The Registrant's other certifying  officer(s) and I are responsible for
         establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal
         control  over  financial  reporting  (as defined in Exchange  Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

   a.    Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or caused  such
         disclosure   controls  and   procedures   to  be  designed   under  our
         supervision,  to  ensure  that  material  information  relating  to the
         Registrant,  including its consolidated subsidiaries,  is made known to
         us by others within those entities,  particularly  during the period in
         which this report is being prepared;

   b.    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
         internal  control over  financial  reporting  to be designed  under our
         supervision,  to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
         of financial reporting and the preparation of financial  statements for
         external  purposes in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
         principles;

   c.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and
         procedures  and  presented  in this  report our  conclusions  about the
         effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,  as of the end
         of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

   d.    Disclosed  in this  report  any  change  in the  Registrant's  internal
         control over financial  reporting that occurred during the Registrant's
         most  recent  fiscal  quarter  that  has  materially  affected,  or  is
         reasonably  likely to  materially  affect,  the  Registrant's  internal
         control over financial reporting; and


5.       The  Registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s) and I have  disclosed,
         based on our most recent  evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting,  to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         Registrant's  board of directors (or persons  performing the equivalent
         functions):

   a.    All significant  deficiencies and material  weaknesses in the design or
         operation  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which are
         reasonably  likely to  adversely  affect  the  Registrant's  ability to
         record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

   b.    Any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or other
         employees  who have a  significant  role in the  Registrant's  internal
         control over financial reporting.

Date:  March 13, 2009

                                            /s/ Charles T. Bernhardt
                                            ------------------------
                                             Charles T. Bernhardt CPA
                                             Chief Financial Officer



<PAGE>


                                                                    Exhibit 32.1


                CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



In  connection  with the  Annual  Report  of  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.  (the
"Company")  on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31, 2008 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the  "Report"),
I, William A. Carter, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,  certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that:


          (1) The Report fully complies with the  requirements  of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


          (2) The information  contained in the Report fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and result of  operations of the
Company.




                                /s/ William A. Carter
                                --------------------------
                                William A. Carter, M.D.
                                Chief Executive Officer
                                March 13, 2009



<PAGE>



                                                                    Exhibit 32.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002





In  connection  with the  Annual  Report  of  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.  (the
"Company")  on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31, 2007 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the  "Report"),
I,  Charles T.  Bernhardt,  Chief  Financial  Officer of the  Company,  certify,
pursuant  to 18  U.S.C.  ss.  1350,  as  adopted  pursuant  to  ss.  906  of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

          (1) The Report fully complies with the  requirements  of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

          (2) The information  contained in the Report fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and result of  operations of the
Company.



                                 /s/ Charles T. Bernhardt
                                 -------------------------
                                 Charles T. Bernhardt CPA
                                 Chief Financial Officer
                                 March 13, 2009
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
