<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>r10k_2004.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10K 2004
<TEXT>
                                    FORM 10-K
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
            [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004
                                       OR
          [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
               For the transition period from ________ to ________
                           Commission File No. 1-13441

                           HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              Delaware                           52-0845822
         -------------------------------  -------------------------------
         (State or other jurisdiction of  (I.R.S. Employer Identification
          incorporation or organization)    Number)

            1617 JFK Boulevard Philadelphia, Pennsylvania   19103
            ---------------------------------------------  ------
             (Address of principal executive offices)     (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (215) 988-0080

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $.001 par value

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
            (Title of Each Class)
                      NONE

Indicate by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  and Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
                                 Yes (X) No ( )

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. ( )

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes (X) No ()

The aggregate  market value of Common Stock held by  non-affiliates  at June 30,
2004, the last business day of the registrant's  most recently  completed second
fiscal  quarter,  was  $171,234,810.  For purposes of this  calculation,  it was
assumed that all Common Stock is valued at the closing  price as of such date of
$3.44 per share.

The number of shares of the  registrant's  Common Stock  outstanding as of March
11, 2005 was 49,849,325.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None.


<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                         Page
PART I

Item 1. Business                                                            1

Item 2. Properties                                                         39

Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                                  39

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                41

PART II

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
             Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities             41

Item 6. Selected Financial Data                                            43

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
             Condition and Results of Operations                           44

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About
              Market Risk                                                  59

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                        59

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on
             Accounting and Financial Disclosure                           59

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                           59

Item 9B. Other Information                                                 61

PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                62

Item 11. Executive Compensation                                            65

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
              and Management and Related Stockholder Matters               76

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                    79

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                            80

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules                           81



<PAGE>   1




                SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain  statements  in this  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K  (the  "Form  10-K"),
including  statements under "Item 1. Business," "Item 3. Legal  Proceedings" and
"Item 7. Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result
of Operations,"  constitute  "forward-looking  statements" within the meaning of
Section 27A of the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended,  and Section 21E of the
Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as  amended,  and  the  Private  Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (collectively, the "Reform Act"). Certain, but not
necessarily all, of such forward-looking statements can be identified by the use
of  forward-looking  terminology such as "believes,"  "expects,"  "may," "will,"
"should," or "anticipates"  or the negative thereof or other variations  thereon
or comparable terminology,  or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and
uncertainties.  All statements other than statements of historical fact included
in this Form 10-K regarding our financial position,  business strategy and plans
or objectives for future  operations  are  forward-looking  statements.  Without
limiting  the  broader  description  of  forward-looking  statements  above,  we
specifically  note that statements  regarding  potential drugs,  their potential
therapeutic  effect,  the  possibility  of obtaining  regulatory  approval,  our
ability to manufacture and sell any products,  market  acceptance or our ability
to earn a profit  from sales or licenses of any drugs or our ability to discover
new drugs in the future are all forward-looking in nature.

 Such forward-looking  statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and  other  factors  which  may  cause  the  actual   results,   performance  or
achievements of Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. and its subsidiaries  (collectively,
the "Company",  "we or "us") to be materially different from any future results,
performance  or  achievements  expressed  or  implied  by  such  forward-looking
statements  and other factors  referenced in this Form 10-K. We do not undertake
and specifically  declines any obligation to publicly release the results of any
revisions which may be made to any  forward-looking  statement to reflect events
or circumstances  after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events.


                                     PART I
ITEM 1.  Business.
GENERAL
         We are a  biopharmaceutical  company  engaged  in the  manufacture  and
clinical  development  of new drugs for the  treatment of viral and immune based
chronic disorders.  We were founded in the early 1970s, as a contract researcher
for  the  National  Institutes  of  Health.  After  almost  30  years,  we  have
established a strong foundation of laboratory,  pre-clinical,  and clinical data
with  respect  to the  development  of  nucleic  acids to  enhance  the  natural
antiviral  defense  system  of the  human  body  and to aid the  development  of
therapeutic   products  for  the  treatment  of  chronic  diseases.   We  own  a
manufacturing   facility  in  New  Jersey,   and  have   corporate   offices  in
Philadelphia, PA.

         Our flagship  products  include  Ampligen  and Alferon.  Ampligen is an
experimental  drug  undergoing  clinical  trials for the treatment  of:  Myalgic
Encephalomyelitis/Chronic  Fatigue Syndrome  (ME/CFS),  HIV, and HIV/Hepatitis C
co-infection.  In August 2004, we completed a Phase III clinical  trial treating
over 230 ME/CFS patients with Ampligen and are in the process of preparing a new
drug application to be filed with the FDA. Alferon N Injection is the registered
trademark for our injectable  formulation of Natural Alpha Interferon,  which is
<PAGE>  2
approved by the U.S. Food and Drug  Administration  ("FDA") for the treatment of
genital warts.  Alferon N is also in clinical development for treating Hepatitis
C ("HEP-C"),  Multiple Sclerosis,  Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), West Nile
Virus ("WNV") and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).

         We have over 170 patents  worldwide with 14 additional  patents pending
comprising  our  core  intellectual  property,  a fully  commercialized  product
(Alferon),  and a GMP  (good  manufacturing  practice)  certified  manufacturing
facility.

         In March 2003, we began the step by step  acquisition  from  Interferon
Sciences, Inc. ("ISI") of ISI's commercial assets,  inventory concerning Alferon
N, including a limited license for the production,  manufacture,  use, marketing
and sale of Alferon N.  Alferon N is a natural  alpha  interferon  that has been
approved by the FDA for  commercial  sale for the  intra-lesional  treatment  of
refractory  or recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or
older.  The acquisition was completed in Spring 2004 with the acquisition of all
world wide  commercial  rights,  the FDA approval,  acquisition of 43,000 square
feet of  manufacturing  space in New Jersey and acquisition of all  intellectual
property related to Alferon.

         We  outsource  certain  components  of our  research  and  development,
manufacturing,  marketing and distribution  while  maintaining  control over the
entire process through our quality  assurance group and our clinical  monitoring
group.

     Since the completion of our AMP 516 ME/CFS Phase III clinical trial for use
of Ampligen(R)  in the treatment of ME/CFS we have received  inquiries from and,
under  confidentiality  agreements,  are having  dialogue  with other  companies
regarding marketing opportunities.  No proposal or agreements have resulted from
the dialogue, nor can we be assured that any proposals or agreements will result
from these inquiries.

OUR PRODUCTS

         Our primary products consist of our  experimental  compound,  Ampligen,
our FDA  approved  natural  interferon  product,  Alferon  N  Injection  and our
experimental liquid natural interferon LDO.

         Ampligen(R)

         Nucleic   acid   compounds   represent   a   potential   new  class  of
pharmaceutical  products  that are  designed to act at the  molecular  level for
treatment of human diseases.  There are two forms of nucleic acids, DNA and RNA.
DNA is a group of naturally occurring molecules found in chromosomes, the cell's
genetic machinery. RNA is a group of naturally occurring informational molecules
which  orchestrate a cell's  behavior and which regulate the action of groups of
cells, including the cells, which comprise the body's immune system. RNA directs
the production of proteins and regulates  certain cell activities  including the
activation of an otherwise  dormant  cellular  defense against virus and tumors.
Our drug technology  utilizes specially  configured RNA. Our double-stranded RNA
drug product, trademarked Ampligen(R),  which is administered intravenously,  is
(or has been) in human clinical  development  for various  disease  indications,
including  treatment  for  ME/CFS,  HIV,  renal  cell  carcinoma  and  malignant
melanoma.  Further studies are planned in cancer  treatment but initiation dates
have not been set.
<PAGE>  3
         Our  proprietary   development  drug  technology  Ampligen(R)  utilizes
specially configured ribonucleic acid ("RNA") and currently is protected by more
than 170 patents  worldwide with 14 additional  patent  applications  pending to
provide further proprietary protection in various international markets. Certain
patents apply to the use of Ampligen(R)  alone and certain  patents apply to the
use of Ampligen(R) in combination with certain other drugs.  Some composition of
matter patents pertain to other new medications  which have a similar  mechanism
of action.  During 2004, we reviewed our patents and patent  applications.  As a
result,  various patents and patent applications were elected not to be renewed.
The non-renewed  patents  consisted mostly of  international  origin or were not
conducive to oral application.

         The main U.S. ME/CFS  treatment patent  (#6130206)  expires October 10,
2017. Our main patents covering HIV treatment (#4795744, #4820696, #5063209, and
#5091374)  expire on January 3, 2006,  April 11,  2006,  November  5, 2008,  and
February 25, 2009,  respectively;  Hepatitis  treatment  coverage is conveyed by
U.S.  patent  #5593973 which expires on January 14, 2014.  The U.S.  Ampligen(R)
Trademark (#1,515,099) expires on December 6, 2008 and can be renewed thereafter
for an additional 10 years. The U.S. FDA has granted us "orphan drug status" for
our nucleic acid-derived  therapeutics for ME/CFS, HIV, and renal cell carcinoma
and  malignant  melanoma.  Orphan  drug  status  grants  us  protection  against
competition  for a period of seven  years  following  FDA  approval,  as well as
certain federal tax incentives, and other regulatory benefits.

         Based on the results of published,  peer reviewed  pre-clinical studies
and  clinical  trials,  we  believe  that  Ampligen(R)  may have  broad-spectrum
anti-viral  and  anti-cancer   properties.   Over  500  patients  have  received
Ampligen(R)  in clinical  trials  authorized by the FDA at over twenty  clinical
trial sites across the U.S., representing the administration of more than 45,000
doses of this drug.

         Alferon N Injection(R)

         Interferons  are a group of proteins  produced and secreted by cells to
combat  diseases.  Researchers  have  identified  four  major  classes  of human
interferon:  alpha,  beta, gamma and omega.  The ALFERON N Injection(R)  product
contains a  multi-species  form of alpha  interferon.  The worldwide  market for
injectable  alpha  interferon-based  products has  experienced  rapid growth and
various alpha interferon injectable products are approved for many major medical
uses worldwide.  Alpha interferons are manufactured  commercially in three ways:
by genetic  engineering,  by cell culture, and from human white blood cells. All
three of these types of alpha  interferon  are or were  approved for  commercial
sale in the U.S. Our natural alpha interferon is produced from human white blood
cells.

         The potential  advantages of natural alpha  interferon over recombinant
interferon may be based upon their respective  molecular  compositions.  Natural
alpha  interferon is composed of a family of proteins  containing many molecular
species of interferon.  In contrast,  recombinant  alpha interferon each contain
only a single  species.  Researchers  have reported that the various  species of
interferons  may have differing  antiviral  activity  depending upon the type of
virus. Natural alpha interferon presents a broad complement of species, which we
believe may account for its higher activity in laboratory studies. Natural alpha
interferon is also glycosylated  (partially covered with sugar molecules).  Such
glycosylation is not present on the currently U.S.  marketed  recombinant  alpha
interferons.  We  believe  that the  absence of  glycosylation  may be, in part,
responsible  for the production of  interferon-neutralizing  antibodies  seen in
patients   treated   with   recombinant   alpha   interferon.    Although   cell
culture-derived  interferon  is also  composed  of multiple  glycosylated  alpha
<PAGE>  4
interferon  species,  the types  and  relative  quantity  of these  species  are
different from our natural alpha interferon.

         The FDA approved  ALFERON N Injection(R) in 1989 for the  intralesional
(within  lesions)  treatment of  refractory  (resistant  to other  treatment) or
recurring  external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older.  Certain
types  of  human  papillomaviruses  ("HPV")  cause  genital  warts,  a  sexually
transmitted  disease ("STD").  A published  report estimates that  approximately
eight  million new and recurrent  causes of genital warts occur  annually in the
United States alone.

         The U.S.  Alferon(R)  Patents expire  February 10, 2012  (5,503,828 and
5,676,942) and December 22, 2017 (5,989,441).

         Alferon N Injection(R)  [Interferon  alfa-n3 (human leukocyte derived)]
is  a  highly  purified,  natural-source,   glycosylated,   multi-species  alpha
interferon product. There are essentially no antibodies observed against natural
interferon  to date and the product has a relatively  low  side-effect  profile.
Alferon is the only  natural-source,  multi-species  alpha interferon  currently
sold in the U.S.

         The recombinant  DNA derived alpha  interferon are now reported to have
decreased  effectiveness  after one year, probably due to antibody formation and
other severe toxicities.  These detrimental  effects have not been reported with
the use of Alferon N  Injection(R)  which could  allow this  product to assume a
much larger market share.

         It is  our  belief  that  the  use of  Alferon  N in  combination  with
Ampligen(R) has the potential to increase the positive therapeutic  responses in
chronic life threatening  viral diseases.  Combinational  therapy is evolving to
the standard of acceptable  medical care based on a detailed  examination of the
Biochemistry of the body's natural antiviral response.

        Alferon LDO

         ALFERON LDO is an  experimental  low-dose,  oral liquid  formulation of
Natural Alpha Interferon.  It is an experimental  immunotherapeutic  believed to
work by  stimulating  an immune  cascade  response in the cells of the mouth and
throat,  enabling  it to  bolster an immune  response  through  the entire  body
orally.  Oral interferon would be much more  economically  feasible for patients
and  logistically  manageable in development  programs in third-world  countries
primarily  affected by HIV and other emerging  viruses (SARS,  Ebola,  bird flu,
etc.).  Oral  administration  of  Alferon  N(R),  with  its  affordability,  low
toxicity,  no  production  of  antibodies,  and  broad  range of  potential  bio
activity, could be a breakthrough treatment for viral diseases.


RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

         Our focus is on developing  drugs for use in treating  viral and immune
based chronic disorders and diseases including ME/CFS, HIV, HEP-C, HPV, SARS and
West Nile Virus. Our current clinical trial projects target treatment  therapies
for ME/CFS, HIV, HPV and HEP-C and other diseases.

<PAGE>  5

         Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS)

         Chronic  Fatigue   Syndrome   (CFS),   also  known  as  Chronic  Immune
Dysfunction  Syndrome (CFIDS) and, myalgic  encephalomyelitis  (ME) is a serious
and  debilitating  chronic  illness  and a major  public  health  problem.  Long
misunderstood,  under-recognized, and under-diagnosed,  ME/CFS is now recognized
by both the government and private sector as a major health  problem,  including
the  National  Institutes  of Health,  U.S.  Centers  for  Disease  Control  and
Prevention   (CDC),   Food  and  Drug   Administration   and   Social   Security
Administration, which recognizes CFS as one of the most common chronic illnesses
of our time. The CDC listed ME/CFS as a priority disease,  causing severe health
and financial problems for the patients, their family, and the community. ME/CFS
is endemic in the population,  but occasionally  seen in clusters  suggesting an
infectious  basis.  A variety of  immunological,  endocrine,  autonomic  nervous
system,  and metabolic  abnormalities  have been documented.  A  groundbreaking,
community-based  study of  ME/CFS by Dr.  Leonard  Jason  was  published  in the
Archives of Internal  Medicine  in 1999 and showed a  prevalence  rate of 422 of
every 100,000  Americans.  As many as 800,000 people nationwide suffer from CFS,
twice the number  previously  estimated  by the Centers for Disease  Control and
Prevention.  Furthermore,  90% of the patients  with the illness are  struggling
without the benefit of medical  diagnosis or  treatment.  While  ME/CFS  strikes
people  of all  age,  racial,  ethnic,  and  socioeconomic  groups,  it is  most
prevalent amongst women.  Research has shown that ME/CFS is about three times as
common in women  (522/100,000) as men, a rate similar to that of many autoimmune
diseases,  such as multiple  sclerosis and lupus. To put this into  perspective,
ME/CFS is over four times more common than HIV infection in women (125/100,000),
and the rate of ME/CFS in women is considerably  higher than a woman's  lifetime
risk of getting lung cancer  (63/100,000) as published by the CFIDS  Association
of America.

         The most common symptom of ME/CFS is incapacitating fatigue, which does
not subside with rest. Many severe ME/CFS patients become completely disabled or
totally  bedridden and are afflicted with severe pain and mental  confusion even
at rest. This  debilitating  tiredness is associated with flu-like symptoms such
as chills,  fever,  headache,  sore throat,  painful lymph nodes,  muscle aches,
weakness and joint pain.  Diagnosis of ME/CFS is a time-consuming  and difficult
process which is generally  arrived at by excluding other illnesses with similar
symptoms  and  comparing  a  patient's   symptoms  with  the  case   definition.
Overlapping symptoms can occur with several diseases, such as fibromyalgia, Gulf
War Illnesses,  and multiple chemical sensitivities.  Many diseases have similar
symptoms  including  Lupus and Lyme disease  which so closely  mimic ME/CFS that
they need to be considered when making a diagnosis to rule them out.

         The case definition for ME/CFS  criteria calls for certain  symptoms to
be present along with fatigue that interferes with physical, mental, social, and
educational activities. Both the fatigue and symptoms must have occurred for (at
least) a six month period.  People with ME/CFS may experience many more than the
symptoms named in the case  definition,  so  knowledgeable  physicians will take
this fact into  consideration  when making a  diagnosis  (after  other  possible
reasons for symptoms have been ruled out).

         The  leading  model of CFS  pathogenesis  is  thought  to be  rooted in
abnormalities in the immune system and brain (central  nervous system),  both of
which  affects  and alters the  function  of the  other.  Because  some cases of
chronic  fatigue  begin with a flu-like  infection,  several  viruses  have been
<PAGE>  6
studied as  possible  causes  because all are  relatively  common in the general
population,   including  Human   Herpesvirus   (HHV)  6  and  7,   Retroviruses,
Epstein-Barr Virus, Enteroviruses,  , as well as, Mycoplasmas, etc.. Whilst, the
etiology is likely to be caused by a  collection  of factors,  including  viral,
hormonal,   stress,   and  other  triggers  for  the  illness  in   genetically,
environmentally  or  otherwise  susceptible  individuals  and  continues to be a
subject of discussion.

         Most ME/CFS  patients  are  treated  symptomatically  with  traditional
treatments  geared toward  treating  symptoms of the disease,  such as improving
quality of sleep,  reducing  pain and  treatment of  depression.  Clinically,  a
number  of  different  therapeutic  approaches  have been  pursued,  but with no
significant clinical success.


         In  1998,  we were  authorized  by the  FDA to  initiate  a  Phase  III
multicenter,  placebo-controlled,  randomized,  double blind  clinical  trial to
treat 230  patients  with ME/CFS in the U.S.  The  objective  of this Phase III,
clinical  study,  denoted as Amp 516, was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of
Ampligen(R) as a treatment for ME/CFS.  Over the course of the study, we engaged
the services of 12 clinical investigators at Medical Centers in California,  New
Jersey, Florida, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Nevada, Illinois, Utah
and Connecticut.  These clinical investigators were medical doctors with special
knowledge of ME/CFS who have recruited, prescreened and enrolled ME/CFS patients
for  inclusion in the Phase III Amp 516 ME/CFS  clinical  trial.  This  clinical
trial enrolled and randomized over 230 ME/CFS patients. We completed drug dosing
in this trial in August 2004. A preliminary  review of the data collected during
this trial indicated that Ampligen  improved exercise  treadmill  performance by
19.3%  versus  4.1%  in the  placebo  group,  or more  than  twice  the  minimum
considered  medically  significant (6.5%), a statistically  significant increase
(p=0.037).  The major  significance  is the  ability  to safely  obtain  medical
benefits  (increased  physical  performance)  which have largely  eluded others.
Also, Ampligen  significantly  improved important secondary endpoints associated
with  Quality  of Life.  There was no  significant  difference  in the number of
serious adverse  events,  suggesting that the drug was generally well tolerated.
Given that the FDA has already granted  Ampligen  Treatment  Protocol Status and
Orphan Drug Status based on earlier  studies,  we believe  these  medically  and
statistically  significant results,  when finalized,  will facilitate FDA review
and approval.


         Human Immunodeficiency Virus  (HIV)

         The Human  Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) is the cause of Acquired Immune
Deficiency  Syndrome  (AIDS).  HIV has  high  rates  of  viral  replication  and
mutation,  there by developing  drug  resistance.  Resistance is least likely to
develop if treatment is based on a  combination  of drugs.  With this  approach,
resistance  takes longer to develop because a virus strain resistant to one drug
could still be sensitive to another. To overcome the action of two or more drugs
simultaneously,  the virus has to acquire  multiple  mutations.  Its  chances of
getting multiple  mutations in the right combination to resist a number of drugs
are much smaller than its chance of acquiring a single  mutation that enables it
to resist  just one drug.  Therefore,  properly  sequencing  HIV drug  treatment
allows for the maximum  number of options and  alternatives  to be available for
long term.

         Over fifteen antiviral drugs are currently  approved by the FDA for the
treatment  of HIV  infection.  Most target the  specific  HIV  enzymes,  reverse
<PAGE>  7
transcriptase  ("RT") and protease.  The use of various combinations of three or
more of these  drugs is  often  referred  to as  Highly  Active  Anti-Retroviral
Therapy  ("HAART").  HAART involves the  utilization of several  antiretrovirals
with  different  mechanisms  of action to decrease  viral loads in  HIV-infected
patients.  The goal of these  combination  treatments is to reduce the amount of
HIV in the  body  ("viral  load")  to as low  as  possible.  Treatments  include
different  classes of drugs, but they all work by stopping parts of the virus so
the virus cannot  reproduce.  Experience  has shown that using  combinations  of
drugs from different classes is a more effective strategy than using only one or
two drugs.  HAART has provided dramatic  decreases in morbidity and mortality of
HIV infection.  Reduction of the viral load to  undetectable  levels in patients
with wild type virus (i.e.,  non-drug-resistant virus)is routinely possible with
the appropriate application of HAART. HIV mainly infects important immune system
cells called CD4 cells.  After HIV has infected a CD4 cell, the CD4 cell becomes
damaged and is  eventually  destroyed.  Fewer CD4 cells means more damage to the
immune system and,  ultimately,  results in AIDS.  Originally,  reduction of HIV
loads was seen as possibly allowing the  reconstitution of the immune system and
led to early speculation that HIV might be eliminated by HAART.

         Subsequent  experience  has provided a more realistic view of HAART and
the  realization  that  chronic  HIV  suppression   using  HAART,  as  currently
practiced,   would  require  treatment  for  life  with  resulting   significant
cumulative toxicities.  The various reverse transcriptase and protease inhibitor
drugs that go into HAART have significantly  reduced the morbidity and mortality
connected  with  HIV;  however  there  has been a  significant  cost due to drug
toxicity.  It is  estimated  that 50% of HIV deaths are from the toxicity of the
drugs in HAART. Some estimates suggest that it would require as many as 60 years
of HAART for  elimination of HIV in the infected  patient.  Thus the toxicity of
HAART drugs and the enormous cost of treatment make this goal impractical.

         Although more potent  second  generation  drugs are under  development,
which target the reverse  transcriptase  and  protease  genes as well as new HIV
targets,  such as, HIV integrase and HIV fusion inhibitors,  the problem of drug
toxicities,  the  complex  interactions  between  these  drug  classes  and  the
likelihood of life-long therapy will remain a serious drawback to their usage.

         Failure of antiretroviral  therapies over time and the demonstration of
resistance have stimulated  intensive  searches for appropriate  combinations of
agents,  or  sequential  use of  different  agents,  that  act  upon the same or
different  viral  targets.  This  situation  has  created  interest  in our drug
technology, which operates by a different mechanism.

         We believe  that the  concept  of  Strategic  Therapeutic  Interruption
("STI")  of  HAART  provides  a  unique  opportunity  to  minimize  the  current
deficiencies of HAART while  retaining the HIV suppression  capacities of HAART.
STI is the  cessation  of  HAART  until  HIV  again  becomes  detectable  (i.e.,
rebounds) followed by resumption of HAART with subsequent suppression of HIV. By
re-institution  of HAART, HIV may be suppressed  before it can inflict damage to
the immune system of the patient.  Based on recent  publications  (AIDS 2001,15:
F19-27 and AIDS 2001,  15:1359-1368) in peer reviewed medical literature,  it is
expected that in just 30 days after stopping HAART  approximately 80% to 90%, of
the  patients  will  suffer a relapse  evidencing  detectable  levels of HIV. We
believe  that  Ampligen(R)  combined  with the STI  approach  may offer a unique
opportunity to retain  HAART's superb ability to suppress HIV while  potentially
minimizing its  deficiencies.  All present approved drugs block certain steps in
the life  cycles of HIV.  None of these  drugs  address  the immune  system,  as
Ampligen(R) potentially does, although HIV is an immune-based disease.
<PAGE>  8
         By  using  Ampligen(R)  in  combination  with  STI of  HAART,  we  will
undertake  to boost the  patients'  own immune  system's  response  to help them
control their HIV when they are off of HAART.  Our minimum  expectation  is that
Ampligen(R)  has  potential  to lengthen the  HAART-free  time  interval  with a
resultant decrease in HAART-induced toxicities. The ultimate potential, which of
course  requires full clinical  testing to accept or reject the  hypothesis,  is
that Ampligen(R) may potentiate STI of HAART to the point that the cell mediated
immune system will be sufficient to eliminate  requirement  for HAART.  Clinical
results of using our technology has been presented at several International AIDS
Scientific  Forums  in  2003,  including  the XVI  International  Conference  on
Antiviral Research in Savannah, Georgia in April 2003 and the 2nd IAS Conference
on HIV Pathogenesis and Treatment in Paris, France in July 2003.

         Our  AMP  720  HIV  clinical  trial  is  being  conducted  by  treating
individuals  infected with HIV who are  responding  well to HAART at the moment.
Patients in this study are required to meet minimum  immune system  requirements
of CD4 cell levels greater than 400,  maximum HIV infection  levels of less that
50  copies/ml,  and a HAART  regimen  containing  at least one  anti-viral  drug
showing  therapeutic synergy with Ampligen(R) based on recently reported ex vivo
study in a peer-reviewed scientific journal (Reference:  Robinson W. McDougall B
and Essay R.  Mixed Dose  Effect  Analysis  of a  Biological  Response  Modifier
(Ampligen) with 14 FDA-approved anti-HIV Agents.  Antiviral Res, 46:A48, No. 46,
2000).  All patients are  chronically  HIV infected and will have been receiving
the  indicated  HAART  regimen  prior to  starting  the STI.  The trial  applies
strategic  treatment  interruption of HAART based on the hypothesis that careful
management  of HIV rebound  following  STI may have  potential  to result in the
development of protective immune responses to HIV in order to achieve control of
HIV replication. We believe that the addition of Ampligen(R), with its potential
immunomodulatory  properties,  may reasonably achieve this outcome.  Half of the
participants in the trial are given 400 mg of Ampligen(R)  twice a week and once
they  start  the STI will  remain  off of HAART  until  such  time as their  HIV
rebounds. The other half of the participants (the control group) are on STI, but
they are given no Ampligen(R) during the "control" portion of the clinical test.


         The  targeted   enrollment  in  the  AMP  720  Clinical  Trial  is  120
HIV-infected persons who meet the criteria. We expect to enroll 60 people on STI
with Ampligen(R) and 60 people on STI without Ampligen(R). Presently, this study
is approximately  35% enrolled at  approximately  ten medical centers around the
U.S.

Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)

         Human papillomavirus (HPV) is one of the most common causes of sexually
transmitted  infection in the world.  Experts estimate that there are more cases
of genital HPV infection than of any other sexually transmitted disease (STD) in
the United States. Overall, in the United States, an estimated 20 million people
(15% of the population) are currently infected with HPV, 50-75% of which is with
high-risk  types,  and about 5.5 million  people are infected every year. It has
been estimated that a least 50% of sexually active men and women acquire genital
HPV infection at some point in their lives: a recent estimate  suggests that 80%
of women will have  acquired  genital  HPV by age 50. An  estimated  9.2 million
sexually active adolescents and young adults 15 to 24 years of age are currently
infected with HPV.

         Treating genital warts does not cure a HPV infection. The virus remains
in the body in an inactive  state after warts are removed.  A person treated for
<PAGE> 9
genital warts may still be able to transmit the  infection.  Common  methods for
removing genital warts involve surgically removing them. Cryotherapy is a method
that  entails  freezing  off the wart with  liquid  nitrogen  and is  relatively
inexpensive,  safe and effective. The downside to this procedure beyond the pain
factor is it must be performed by a trained health care provider.  Laser therapy
(using an intense light to destroy the warts) or surgery (cutting off the warts)
has the  advantage of getting rid of warts in a single  office  visit.  However,
treatment  can be  expensive  and the  operator  must be  well-trained  in these
methods. In addition, surgery will most likely cause scarring over the afflicted
area.

         There  are  additionally  a number  of  topical  creams  and  solutions
available  to  treat  genital  warts.  Bloodroot  paste is made  from  naturally
occurring  substances,  but  its  effects  on  treating  genital  warts  are not
conclusively  supportive.  Condylox (also called  podophyllin) is a brown liquid
that causes a burning sensation as it dries, but it must be washed off by 4 to 6
hours  otherwise it may be dangerous.  Condylox can be quite  expensive as well.
Condysil  is an  additional  cream  that may be  applied.  It  consists  of "all
natural"  ingredients  and its  producers  claim it  produces no  scarring.  The
current leading  treatment of genital warts is the topical cream Aldara,  but in
fact  there  may be a  reoccurrence  rate of up to 40% when  this  drug is used.
Treatment for genital warts may also come in the form of injections. Intron A is
a  substance  that must be  injected 3 times  weekly and Alferon N, which is the
only natural source, multi-species alpha interferon currently sold in the US for
HPV treatment, is injected twice weekly.


        Hepatitis C Virus

         We are evaluating potential novel clinical programs which would involve
using  Ampligen(R)  to  treat  both HCV and HIV when  they  coexist  on the same
patient.  We expect to commence these studies in collaboration  with one or more
prospective  corporate  partners.  A collaborative  Clinical study in Europe, in
conjunction  with  Laboratorios  Del Dr. Esteve S.A.,  was initiated in December
2004.

         This  clinical  program  is a  randomized  pilot  study  in Phase II to
evaluate the antiretroviral  effect of Ampligen in the treatment of HIV infected
patients  co-infected with HCV. At present, no single drug or biological product
has bee  deemed  by  internationally  recognized  regulatory  agencies  as being
effective against both viruses when coexisting in patents.

Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS)

         A clinical  study has been  approved by the  Clinical  Research  Ethics
Committee of the Kowloon West Cluster at the Princess  Margaret Hospital in Hong
Kong to evaluate the use of Alferon(R)  LDO (Low Dose Oral  Interferon  Alfa-N3,
Human Leukocyte Derived) in normal volunteers and/or asymptomatic  subjects with
exposure to a person known to have Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).

         SARS  (Severe  Acute  Respiratory  Syndrome)  is  one  of  a  group  of
"emerging"  infectious  disease that recently  attracted the intense scrutiny of
public  health  officials  due to the severity of disease in epidemics  based in
Asia,  but also  involving  Europe and North America as well.  An  international
effort  to limit  its  spread  and to  identify  the  infectious  agent has been
spectacularly  successful  and of  major  significance  in the  prevention  of a
pandemic.  A replicating virus of classic coronavirus  morphology was identified
initially  by  electron  microscopy.  This  identification  of the virus  family
<PAGE>  10
allowed the rapid  identification of a new human  coronavirus  (SARS-CoV) as the
etiological  agent  of  SARS.  Recently  it has  been  observed  that the US FDA
approved antiviral drug,  Alferon(R)  (i.e.-natural  interferon) has significant
activity  against  SARS-CoV in vitro as indicated  by  reduction  in  cytopathic
effect  (CPE).   This  protocol  is  designed  to  respond  to  the  anticipated
reemergence  of SARS with a prophylaxis  trial at epidemic sites to be conducted
to evaluate the  activity of Alferon LDO (low dose oral) to prevent  symptomatic
infection by SARS-CoV. Gene microarray analysis of infection by SARS-CoV and the
effect of Alferon LDO are used in the design and conduct of this clinical trial.
Differential  cellular  gene  responses to infection and the response to Alferon
may predict clinical outcomes.

         The trial methodology may have implications for treating other emerging
viruses  such as avian  influenza  (bird flu).  Present  production  methods for
vaccines  involve  the use of  millions  of  chicken  eggs and  would be slow to
respond  to  an  outbreak   according  to  a  recently   convened  World  Health
Organization  (WHO) expert panel in November  2004.  Health  officials  are also
concerned  that bird flu could  mutate to cause  the next  pandemic  and  render
present  vaccines  under  development  ineffective.  We have  prepared more than
300,000 doses of Alferon LDO for appropriate clinical programs.

        Other Diseases

In June 2004 we initiated a clinical trial in collaboration  with the infectious
disease section,  New York Hospital at Queens and The Medical College of Cornell
University   to  conduct  a  clinical   trial  for  treating   West  Nile  Virus
(WNV)infected patients with Alferon N injection.  The approved clinical protocol
is  entitled  "Double  Blinded,  Placebo  Controlled  Trial of  Alpha-Interferon
(Alferon) Therapy for West Nile Meningo  Encephalitis  (Protocol WN-102).  As of
December 31, 2004 three patients have been enrolled in this protocol.  While the
population  of patients  affected by WNV is relatively  small,  there is an ever
increasing  rate of new infections  each year.  Forty states reported over 2,000
WNV infected people in 2004.


         An FDA authorized Phase I/II study of Ampligen(R) in cancer,  including
patients with renal cell  carcinoma  was completed in 1994.  The results of this
study  indicated  that patients  receiving high doses  (200-500mg)  twice weekly
experienced an increase in medium survival compared to the low dose group and as
compared to an historical control group. We received  authorization from the FDA
to initiate a Phase II study using Ampligen(R) to treat patients with metastatic
renal cell  carcinoma.  Patients with  metastatic  melanoma were included in the
Phase I/II study of Ampligen(R) in cancer.  The FDA has authorized us to conduct
a Phase II clinical  trial using  Ampligen(R)  in melanoma.  We do not expect to
devote any significant resources to funding these studies in the near future.


         We have acquired a series of patents on  Oragen(TM),  potentially a set
of oral broad spectrum antivirals,  immunological  enhancers through a licensing
agreement  with  Temple  University  in  Philadelphia,  PA. We were  granted  an
exclusive worldwide license from Temple for the Oragen(TM) products. Pursuant to
the  arrangement,  we are  obligated  to pay  royalties  of 2% to 4% on sales of
Oragen(TM),  depending  on how much  technological  assistance  is  required  of
Temple. We currently pay minimum royalties of $30,000 per year to Temple.  These
compounds have been evaluated in various  academic  laboratories for application
to chronic viral and immunological disorders.
<PAGE>  11
         EUROPEAN OPERATIONS

         We executed a Memorandum  of  Understanding  (MOU) in January 2004 with
Fujisawa Deutschland GmbH, ("Fuji") a major pharmaceutical corporation, granting
them an  exclusive  option  for a limited  number of months to enter a Sales and
Distribution Agreement with exclusive rights to market Ampligen(R) for ME/CFS in
Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The MOU required us to file the full report on
the results of our AMP 516 Clinical Trial with Fuji by May 31, 2004. If the full
report  was not  provided  to Fuji by May 31,  2004  and  Fuji  did not  wish to
exercise  its  option,  we would  have been  required  to refund one half of the
400,000  Euro fee. We submitted  our initial  report to Fuji on May 28, 2004 and
responded to subsequent inquiries for additional information.  The option period
was to end 12 weeks  after the later of Fuji's  review of the full report on the
results  of our Amp 516  clinical  trial and  Fuji's  meeting  with three of the
trial's  principal  investigators.  We received an initial fee of 400,000  Euros
(approximately  $497,000 US). If we did not provide them with the full report by
December  31,  2004 and Fuji did not wish to exercise  its  option,  we would be
required to refund the entire fee. On November 9, 2004,  we and Fuji  terminated
the MOU by mutual  agreement.  We did not agree on the process to be utilized in
certain European  Territories for obtaining  commercial approval for the sale of
Ampligen(R) in the treatment of patients suffering from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
(CFS).  Instead of a  centralized  procedure,  and in order to obtain an earlier
commercial  approval of  Ampligen(R) in Europe,  we have  determined to follow a
decentralized  filing procedure which was not anticipated in the MOU. We believe
that  it  now  is in the  best  interest  of  our  stockholders  to  potentially
accelerate  entry into  selected  European  markets  whereas  the  original  MOU
specified a centralized registration procedure.  Pursuant to mutual agreement of
the parties we refunded 200,000 Euros to Fuji in 2004.

         In April 2004 we entered  into an agreement  with the World  Foundation
AIDS Research and Prevention  headquarters  in Paris,  France to provide Alferon
LDO and some funding in support of a clinical trial to be conducted in the Ivory
Coast area of Africa.  The purpose of this clinical trial was to test the use of
Alferon  N LDO (low  dose  oral) in  treating  young  children  of HIV  infected
mothers.  Unfortunately,  the  political  unrest in that  country has caused the
World  Foundation  to postpone the clinical  trial.  Efforts are underway by the
World  Foundation  to locate  another  African  country in which to initiate and
conduct this trial. Dr. Luc Montagnier is President of the World Foundation AIDS
Research and Prevention  and also serves as a member of our Scientific  Advisory
Board.

         In December 2004, Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve S.A. ("Esteve") initiated
clinical  trials in Spain to evaluate  the use of Ampligen in the  treatment  of
patients infected by HIV/HEP-C ("co-infection"). This trial plans to recruit and
treat  patients  in a  double-blind,  randomized,  Phase  II B  study.  Patients
affected  with  HIV/HEP-C  suffer   disproportionately  high  death  rates  and,
currently, there is limited treatment available.

         We  continue  to contact  the EMEA,  keeping  the  agency  aware of our
activities,  as well as the  health  ministries  in  numerous  countries  in the
European Union.  Although no applications are on file currently with the EEU, we
are exploring  various ways to accelerate  the  commercial  availability  of our
products in the various nations of the EEU, including potential  appreciation of
the "foreign import" rule for accepting products already approved in the U.S.
<PAGE>  12
MANUFACTURING

         Historically, we outsourced the manufacturing of Ampligen(R) to certain
contractor  facilities in the United  States and South Africa while  maintaining
full  quality  control and  supervision  of the process.  Nucleic Acid  polymers
constitute  the raw  material  used in the  production  of  Ampligen(R).  We had
acquired our raw materials from  Ribotech,  Ltd.  ("Ribotech")  located in South
Africa.  Ribotech,  is jointly owned by us (24.9%) and Bioclones  (Proprietary),
Ltd.  (75.1%).  Bioclones  manages and  operates  Ribotech.  There are a limited
number of  manufacturers in the United States available to provide the polymers.
At present,  we do not have any agreements  with third parties for the supply of
any of such  materials.  In order to obtain  Ampligen(R) raw materials of higher
quality  (GMP  certified)  and  on a  more  regular  production  basis,  we  are
implementing the consolidation and transfer of manufacturing operations into our
New Brunswick facility,  as well as continuing to search for additional contract
manufacturers  for the  manufacture  of the  polymers.  This  consolidation  and
transfer  of  manufacturing  operations  has been  implemented  in response to a
recent  inspection  of the  Ribotech  facility  in South  Africa,  our  previous
supplier  of  polymers.  This  facility is not,  at  present,  suitable  for the
commercial  manufacture of polymers used to make  Ampligen(R).  This transfer of
polymer  manufacturing  to  our  own  facilities,  and/or  to  another  contract
manufacturer may delay certain steps in commercialization process, specifically,
an NDA filing.

         Until 1999, we  distributed  Ampligen(R)  in the form of a freeze-dried
powder to be  formulated  by  pharmacists  at the site of use.  We  perfected  a
production  process to produce ready to use liquid Ampligen(R) in a dosage form,
which  will  mainly be used upon  commercial  approval  of  Ampligen(R).  We had
engaged the services of Schering-Plough ("Shering") to mass produce ready-to-use
Ampligen(R) doses;  however,  in connection with settling various  manufacturing
infractions  previously  noted  by the FDA,  Schering  entered  into a  "Consent
Decree"  with the FDA  whereby,  among other  things,  it agreed to  discontinue
various contract (third party)  manufacturing  activities at various  facilities
including its San Juan, Puerto Rico, plant.  Ampligen(R) (which was not involved
in any of the cited  infractions)  was  produced  at this Puerto Rico plant from
year 2000-2004.  Operating under instructions from the Consent Decree,  Schering
has advised us that it would no longer manufacture  Ampligen(R) in this facility
at the end of the applicable term (which was 4th quarter, 2004) and would assist
us in an orderly  transfer of said activities to other non Schering  facilities.
Accordingly,  we have entered into a Confidentiality Agreement with Mayne Pharma
Pty, Ltd  ("Mayne") to lead to  reinitiation  and  expansion of its  Ampligen(R)
manufacturing  program.  We are currently in discussion with Mayne to provide us
with proposals on manufacturing  Ampligen(R) at their facility.  Mayne (formerly
known as  Faulding  Pharma) has already  successfully  manufactured  Ampligen(R)
several times for research and development conducted by Bioclones, and maintains
a fully GMP compliant  facility.  Simultaneously,  we expect to qualify at least
one other GMP  facility  to  maintain  a minimum of two  independent  production
sites.  If we are unable to engage Mayne and/or  additional  manufacturers  in a
timely manner,  our plans to file an NDA for  Ampligen(R)  and,  eventually,  to
market and sell  Ampligen(R)  will be  delayed.  There are other  pharmaceutical
processing companies that can supply our production needs.

         Bioclones  (PTY) Ltd. is the majority  owner in Ribotech,  Ltd. (we own
24.9%)  which  produced  most of the  polymers  used  to  date in  manufacturing
Ampligen(R).  The licensing  agreement with Bioclones  presently  includes South
Africa, South America,  Ireland,  Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
The agreement imposes certain clinical trial  requirements on Ribotech,  as well
as, certain GMP standards on their  facilities.  Bioclones has conducted limited
<PAGE>  13
clinical  studies in patients  with ME/CFS in  Australia  and South  Africa.  On
December  27,  2004,  we  initiated  a lawsuit in Federal  Court  identifying  a
conspiratorial  group seeking to illegally  manipulate our stock for purposes of
bringing  about a hostile  takeover of  Hemispherx.  This  conspiratorial  group
includes Bioclones.  This legal action may adversely affect our relationship and
collaborative agreement with Bioclones.

         We currently  occupy and use the New Brunswick,  New Jersey  laboratory
and production  facility that we acquired from ISI. This facility is approved by
the FDA for the manufacture of Alferon N Injection(R).


MARKETING/DISTRIBUTION

         Our marketing  strategy for Ampligen(R)  reflects the differing  health
care systems  around the world,  and the different  marketing  and  distribution
systems that are used to supply pharmaceutical products to those systems. In the
U.S.,  we expect that,  subject to receipt of regulatory  approval,  Ampligen(R)
will be utilized in four medical arenas: physicians' offices, clinics, hospitals
and the home treatment  setting.  We currently plan to use a service provided in
the home infusion  (non-hospital)  segment of the U.S.  market to execute direct
marketing  activities,  conduct physical  distribution of the product and handle
billing and  collections.  Accordingly,  we are  developing  marketing  plans to
facilitate the product  distribution and medical support for indication,  if and
when they are  approved,  in each  arena.  We believe  that this  approach  will
facilitate the generation of revenue  without  incurring the  substantial  costs
associated  with a  sales  force.  Furthermore,  management  believes  that  the
approach will enable us to retain many options for future marketing  strategies.
In February  1998,  we and Accredo  Health  Services  (formerly  Gentiva  Health
Services) entered into a  Distribution/Specialty  Agreement for the distribution
of Ampligen(R)  for the treatment of ME/CFS  patients  under the U.S.  treatment
protocols.

         In Europe, we plan to adopt a country-by-country and, in certain cases,
an   indication-by-indication   marketing  strategy  due  to  the  heterogeneity
regulation and alternative  distribution systems in these areas. We also plan to
adopt an  indication-by-indication  strategy  in Japan.  Subject  to  receipt of
regulatory  approval,  we plan to seek strategic  partnering  arrangements  with
pharmaceutical  companies  to  facilitate  introductions  in  these  areas.  The
relative  prevalence of people from target  indications for  Ampligen(R)  varies
significantly  by  geographic  region,  and we intend to adjust our clinical and
marketing  planning to reflect the  specialty of each area.  We have a marketing
arrangement  with  Bioclones  that covers  South  America,  the United  Kingdom,
Ireland, Africa,  Australia,  Tasmania, New Zealand, and certain other countries
and  territories.  In Spain,  Portugal  and Andorra we have entered into a Sales
Distribution Agreement with Esteve.

         On  December  27,  2004  we  initiated  a  lawsuit  in  Federal   Court
identifying a conspiratorial group seeking to illegally manipulate our stock for
purposes of bringing about a hostile takeover of Hemispherx. This conspiratorial
group  includes   Bioclones.   This  legal  action  may  adversely   affect  our
relationship and collaborative agreement with Bioclones.

         Our sales and marketing  agreement  with  Engitech,  LLC. to distribute
Alferon N on a nationwide  basis did not produce the desired result.  Sales have
not increased as planned and we are  currently  expanding our in house sales and
marketing  effort.  After much  consideration,  we are  establishing an internal
marketing and sales  infrastructure  to support the sales of Alferon N Injection
in the United States,  including marketing and sales support professionals based
at our headquarters in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. We have hired and trained our
<PAGE>  14
regional sales managers and are aggressively  hiring and training more expertise
in this field.  We are targeting  sales  representatives  with an average of 6-8
years  of  experience.  Our  sales  force  will  promote  Alferon  to OB  GYN's,
dermatologists, physicians and particularly STD Clinics, who are involved in the
treatment of patients with  indications  of refractory or  reoccurring  external
genital warts, as well as educate  physicians  about the growing problem and the
risks of HPV. In addition to marketing  and sales  personnel,  we have hired The
Schwartz Group, a telemarketing group.

         The  Schwartz  Group is a  marketing  partner  organization  that works
exclusively   with  companies   selling  products  or  services  to  Physicians,
Hospitals, and Retail Pharmacies.  They perform telemarketing campaigns that are
designed to assist  their  clients and expand their reach and market  share.  We
expect to use their leads to assist our sales force in making sales calls.

COMPETITION

         Our  potential   competitors  are  among  the  largest   pharmaceutical
companies in the world, are well known to the public and the medical  community,
and have substantially  greater financial resources,  product  development,  and
manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have.

         These companies and their competing  products may be more effective and
less costly than our products. In addition,  conventional drug therapy,  surgery
and other more  familiar  treatments  will offer  competition  to our  products.
Furthermore, our competitors have significantly greater experience than we do in
pre-clinical testing and human clinical trials of pharmaceutical products and in
obtaining  FDA,  EMEA Health  Protection  Branch  ("HPB")  and other  regulatory
approvals of products.  Accordingly,  our  competitors  may succeed in obtaining
FDA, EMEA and HPB product approvals more rapidly than us. If any of our products
receive regulatory  approvals and we commence  commercial sales of our products,
we will also be competing with respect to manufacturing efficiency and marketing
capabilities,  areas in which we have no experience. Our competitors may possess
or obtain patent protection or other intellectual  property rights that prevent,
limit or  otherwise  adversely  affect our  ability  to  develop or exploit  our
products.

         The major  competitors  with drugs to treat HIV diseases include Gilead
Pharmaceutical,  Pfizer, Bristol-Myers, Abbott Labs, Glaxo Smithkline, Merck and
Schering-Plough Corp.  ("Schering").  ALFERON N Injection(R)  currently competes
with  a  product   produced  by  Schering  for  treating   genital   warts.   3M
Pharmaceutical  also has received FDA approval for its immune response  modifier
product for the treatment of genital and perianal warts.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

         Regulation  by  governmental   authorities  in  the  U.S.  and  foreign
countries is and will be a significant  factor in the  manufacture and marketing
of  ALFERON  N  products  and  our  ongoing  research  and  product  development
activities. Ampligen(R) and the products developed from the ongoing research and
product  development  activities  will require  regulatory  clearances  prior to
commercialization. In particular, new human drug products for humans are subject
to rigorous preclinical and clinical testing as a condition for clearance by the
FDA and by similar  authorities  in foreign  countries.  The lengthy  process of
seeking these  approvals,  and the ongoing process of compliance with applicable
statutes  and  regulations,  has  required,  and will  continue  to require  the
expenditure of substantial resources.  Any failure by us or our collaborators or
<PAGE>  15
licensees  to obtain,  or any delay in  obtaining,  regulatory  approvals  could
materially  adversely  affect the marketing of any products  developed by us and
our ability to receive product or royalty revenue.  We have received orphan drug
designation  for certain  therapeutic  indications,  which might,  under certain
conditions,  accelerate  the  process  of  drug  commercialization.   ALFERON  N
Injection(R) is only approved for use in  intralesional  treatment of refractory
or recurring external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older. Use of
Alferon N Injection(R) for other applications requires regulatory approval.

         A "Fast-Track" designation by the FDA, while not affecting any clinical
development  time per se, has the  potential  effect of reducing the  regulatory
review  time by  fifty  percent  (50%)  from  the time  that a  commercial  drug
application  is  actually  submitted  for final  regulatory  review.  Regulatory
agencies  may  apply a "Fast  Track"  designation  to a  potential  new  drug to
accelerate the approval and commercialization process. Criteria for "Fast Track"
include:  a) a devastating disease without adequate therapy and b) laboratory or
clinical evidence that the candidate drug may address the unmet medical need. As
of this date,  we have not  received  a  Fast-Track  designation  for any of our
potential  therapeutic  indications  although  we  have  received  "Orphan  Drug
Designation"  for both  ME/CFS and  HIV/AIDS  in the U.S.  We will  continue  to
present data from time to time in support of obtaining  accelerated  review.  We
have not yet submitted any New Drug  Application  (NDA) for  Ampligen(R)  or any
other drug to a North  American  regulatory  authority.  In 2000 we submitted an
emergency treatment protocol for  clinically-resistant  HIV patients,  which was
withdrawn by us during the statutory 30 day regulatory review period in favor of
a set of individual  physician-generated  applications.  There are no assurances
that  authorizations  to  commence  such  treatments  will  be  granted  by  any
regulatory authority or that the resultant treatments, if any, will support drug
efficacy and safety.  In 2001, we did receive FDA authorization for two separate
Phase IIb HIV  treatment  protocols  in which our drug is combined  with certain
presently  available  antiretroviral  agents.  Interim results were presented in
2002 and 2003 at various international scientific meetings.

         We are subject to various  federal,  state and local laws,  regulations
and  recommendations  relating  to  such  matters  as safe  working  conditions,
laboratory and manufacturing  practices, the experimental use of animals and the
use of and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances,  including
radioactive compounds and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our
research work. The  laboratory  and  production  facility in New Brunswick,  New
Jersey, which we acquired from ISI, is approved for the manufacture of Alferon N
Injection(R)  and we believe it is in substantial  compliance  with all material
regulations.  However,  we cannot  give  assurances  that  facilities  owned and
operated by third parties that are utilized in the  manufacture of our products,
are in substantial compliance,  or if presently in substantial compliance,  will
remain so.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT/COLLABORATIVE AGREEMENTS

         In  1994,  we  entered  into  a  licensing   agreement  with  Bioclones
(Proprietory)  limited  ("Bioclones") for manufacturing and international market
development in Africa,  Australia,  New Zealand,  Tasmania,  the United Kingdom,
Ireland and certain  countries in South Africa,  of Ampligen(R)  and Oragen(TM).
Bioclones is to pursue regulatory  approval in the areas of its franchise and is
required to conduct  Hepatitis  clinical trials,  based on international GMP and
GLP  standards.  Thus far, these  Hepatitis  studies have not yet commenced to a
meaningful level.  Bioclones has been given the first right of refusal,  subject
to pricing, to manufacture that amount of polymers utilized in the production of
Ampligen(R)  sufficient  to satisfy at least  one-third of the  worldwide  sales
<PAGE>  16<PAGE>
requirement of Ampligen(R)  and other nucleic  acid-derived  drugs.  Pursuant to
this   arrangement,   we   received:   1)  access  to  worldwide   markets,   2)
commercial-scale  manufacturing  resources, 3) a $3 million cash payment in 1995
from  Bioclones,  4) a 24.9%  ownership in  Ribotech,  Ltd., a company set up by
Bioclones to develop and manufacture RNA drug compounds,  and 5) royalties of 6%
to 8% on Bioclones nucleic acid-derived drug sales in the licensed  territories,
after the first $50 million of sales.  The agreement with  Bioclones  terminates
three  years after the  expiration  of the last of the  patents  supporting  the
license granted to Bioclones,  subject to earlier termination by the parties for
uncured  defaults  under the  agreement,  or  bankruptcy or insolvency of either
party.  The last patent  expires on December 22, 2012.  On December 27, 2004, we
initiated a lawsuit in Federal Court identifying a conspiratorial  group seeking
to  illegally  manipulate  our stock for  purposes of  bringing  about a hostile
takeover of Hemispherx. This conspiratorial group includes Bioclones. This legal
action may adversely affect our relationship  and  collaborative  agreement with
Bioclones.


         In 1998,  we entered into a strategic  alliance with Accredo to develop
certain  marketing and  distribution  capacities  for  Ampligen(R) in the United
States.  Accredo is one of the nation's  largest home health care companies with
over 400  offices  and sixty  thousand  caregivers  nationwide.  Pursuant to the
agreement,   Accredo  assumed  certain   responsibilities  for  distribution  of
Ampligen(R) for which they received a fee. Through this arrangement,  Hemispherx
may mitigate the necessity of incurring certain up-front costs. Accredo has also
worked with us in  connection  with the Amp 511 ME/CFS cost  recovery  treatment
program,  Amp 516 ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial and the Amp 719  (combining
Ampligen with other antiviral drugs in HIV-salvage therapy and Amp 720 HIV Phase
IIb  clinical  trials  now  under  way).  There can be no  assurances  that this
alliance will develop a significant  commercial  position in any of its targeted
chronic  disease  markets.  The  agreement  had an  initial  one year  term from
February 9, 1998 with  successive  additional one year terms unless either party
notifies the other not less than 180 days prior to the  anniversary  date of its
intent to terminate the  agreement.  Also,  the agreement may be terminated  for
uncured  defaults,  or  bankruptcy,  or  insolvency  of  either  party  and will
automatically  terminate upon our receiving an NDA for Ampligen(R) from the FDA,
at which  time,  a new  agreement  will need to be  negotiated  with  Accredo or
another major drug distributor. There were no initial fees.

         We have acquired a series of patents on Oragen(TM), potentially an oral
broad spectrum antiviral,  immunological  enhancer through a licensing agreement
with Temple  University.  We were  granted an exclusive  worldwide  license from
Temple  for  the  Oragen(TM)  products.  Pursuant  to  the  arrangement,  we are
obligated to pay royalties of 2% to 4% on sales of Oragen(TM),  depending on how
much technological  assistance is required of Temple. There were no initial fees
and we  currently  pay minimum  royalties  of $30,000 per year to Temple.  These
compounds have been evaluated in various  academic  laboratories for application
to chronic viral and  immunological  disorders.  This  agreement is to remain in
effect until the date that the last licensed  patent expires  unless  terminated
sooner by mutual  consent or default due to royalties  not being paid.  The last
Oragen(TM) patent expires on June 1, 2018.

         In  December,   1999,  we  entered  into  an  agreement   with  Biovail
Corporation International ("Biovail").  Biovail is an international full service
pharmaceutical   company   engaged  in  the   formulation,   clinical   testing,
registration and manufacture of drug products  utilizing  advanced drug delivery
systems.  Biovail is  headquartered  in Toronto,  Canada.  The agreement  grants
Biovail the exclusive distributorship of our product in the Canadian territories
<PAGE>  17
subject to certain terms and  conditions.  In return,  Biovail agrees to conduct
certain   pre-marketing   clinical  studies  and  market  development  programs,
including without limitation, expansion of the Emergency Drug Release Program in
Canada with respect to our products. In addition, Biovail agrees to work with us
in  preparing  and  filing  a  New  Drug  Submission  with  Canadian  Regulatory
Authorities at the appropriate time.  Biovail invested  $2,250,000 in Hemispherx
equity  at prices  above the then  current  market  price and  agreed to make an
additional  investment  of  $1,750,000  based on  receiving  approval  to market
Ampligen(R) in Canada from the appropriate regulatory authorities in Canada. The
agreement  requires  Biovail to buy  exclusively  from us and penetrate  certain
market segments at specific rates in order to maintain market  exclusivity.  The
agreement  terminates  on December  15,  2009,  subject to  successive  two-year
extensions by the parties and subject to earlier  termination by the parties for
uncured defaults under the agreement,  bankruptcy or insolvency of either party,
or  withdrawal  of our product from Canada for a period of more than ninety days
for serious adverse health or safety reasons.

         In May 2000,  we  acquired  an  interest  in Chronix  Biomedical  Corp.
("CHRONIX").  Chronix  focuses upon the  development of diagnostics  for chronic
diseases.  We issued  100,000  shares of common stock to Chronix  toward a total
equity investment of $700,000.  Pursuant to a strategic alliance  agreement,  we
provided  Chronix  with  $250,000  to conduct  research  in an effort to develop
intellectual  property on potential  new products  for  diagnosing  and treating
various  chronic  illnesses  such as ME/CFS.  The strategic  alliance  agreement
provides us certain royalty rights with respect to certain diagnostic technology
developed  from this  research and a right of first  refusal to license  certain
therapeutic  technology  developed  from this research.  The strategic  alliance
agreement  provides  us  with a  royalty  payment  of 10% of all  net  sales  of
diagnostic  technology  developed  by Chronix  for  diagnosing  Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome,  Gulf War Syndrome and Human Herpes Virus-6 associated  diseases.  The
royalty continues for the longer of 12 years from September 15, 2000 or the life
of any patent(s) issued with regard to the diagnostic technology.  The strategic
alliance  agreement  also provides us with the right of first refusal to acquire
an exclusive worldwide license for any and all therapeutic  technology developed
by  Chronix  on or  before  September  14,  2012 for  treating  Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome, Gulf War Syndrome and Human Herpes Virus-6 associated diseases. During
the quarter ended December 31, 2002 and September 30, 2004 we recorded a noncash
charge of $292,000 and $373,000, respectively, with respect to our investment in
Chronix.  This  impairment  reduces  our  carrying  value to reflect a permanent
decline in Chronix's market value based on its then proposed equity offerings.

         In 1998, we invested  $1,074,000  for a 3.3% equity  interest in R.E.D.
Laboratory ("R.E.D.").  R.E.D. is a privately held biotechnology company for the
development of diagnostic markers for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and other chronic
immune  diseases.  Primarily,  R.E.D.'s  research  and  development  is based on
certain  technology owned by Temple University and licensed to R.E.D. We have an
informal collaboration arrangement with R.E.D. to assist in this development. We
have  supplied  scientific  data with  respect to ME/CFS and engaged  R.E.D.  to
conduct  certain blood tests for our ME/CFS  clinical  trials.  We have no other
obligations to R.E.D.  R.E.D. is  headquartered  in Belgium.  The investment was
recorded at cost in 1998.  During the three  months ended June 2002 and December
2002  respectively,  we  recorded a non-cash  charge of $678,000  and  $396,000,
respectively,  to  operations  with respect to our  investment  in R.E.D.  These
charges  were  the  result  of our  determination  that  R.E.D.'s  business  and
financial  position had  deteriorated  to the point that our investment had been
permanently impaired.
<PAGE>  18

         In April,  1999 we  acquired a 30% equity  position  in the  California
Institute  of  Molecular  Medicine  ("CIMM") for  $750,000.  CIMM'S  research is
focused  on  developing  therapies  for use in  treating  patients  affected  by
Hepatitis C ("HCV"). We use the equity method of accounting with respect to this
investment.  During the fourth quarter of 2001 we recorded a non-cash  charge of
$485,000  with  respect  to our  investment  in CIMM.  This was a result  of our
determination that CIMM's operations have not yet evolved to the point where the
full carrying value of our investment could be supported based on that company's
financial position and operating results.  During 2002, CIMM continued to suffer
significant losses resulting in a deterioration of its financial condition.  The
$485,000 written off during 2001 represented the unamortized balance of goodwill
included  as part of our  investment.  Additionally,  during 2001 we reduced our
investment  in  CIMM  based  on our  percentage  interest  in  CIMM's  continued
operating  losses.  Our  remaining  investment  at  December  31,  2001 in CIMM,
representing  our 30% interest in CIMM's equity at such date,  was not deemed to
be permanently impaired, but was completely written off during 2002. Such amount
was not material.  These charges are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations under the caption "Equity loss in unconsolidated affiliate". We still
believe CIMM will succeed in their efforts to advance  therapeutic  treatment of
HCV. We believe that CIMM's Hepatitis C diagnostic  technology has great promise
and  will  fill a  long-standing  global  void in the  collective  abilities  to
diagnose and treat Hepatitis C infection at an early stage of the disorder.

         In March 2002, our European  subsidiary  Hemispherx S.A. entered into a
Sales and  Distribution  agreement  with  Esteve.  Pursuant  to the terms of the
Agreement,  Esteve was  granted the  exclusive  right to market  Ampligen(R)  in
Spain,  Portugal and Andorra for the  treatment of ME/CFS.  In addition to other
terms and other projected  payments,  Esteve agreed to conduct certain  clinical
trials using Ampligen(R) in the patient  population  coinfected with HCV and HIV
viruses.  The Agreement  runs for the longer of ten years from the date of first
arms-length sale in the Territory,  the expiration of the last Hemispherx patent
exploited by Esteve or the period of regulatory  data protection for Ampligen(R)
in the applicable territory. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement Esteve is to
conduct  clinical  trials using  Ampligen(R) to treat patients with both HCV and
HIV and is required to purchase  certain  minimum  annual amounts of Ampligen(R)
following regulatory  approval.  Esteve initiated the HIV/HCV clinical trials in
Spain in late 2004.  The agreement is terminable by either party if  Ampligen(R)
is withdrawn  from the territory for a specified  period due to serious  adverse
health or safety reasons; bankruptcy, insolvency or related issues of one of the
parties;  or material  breach of the  agreement.  Hemispherx  may  transform the
agreement into a non-exclusive agreement or terminate the agreement in the event
that Esteve does not meet specified  percentages of its annual minimum  purchase
requirements  under the  agreement.  Esteve may  terminate  the agreement in the
event  that  Hemispherx  fails to  supply  Ampligen(R)  to the  territory  for a
specified  period  of  time  or  certain  clinical  trials  being  conducted  by
Hemispherx  are not  successful.  The last patent with respect to this agreement
expires on June 5, 2012.

         The  development  of our  nucleic  acid  based  products  requires  the
commitment  of  substantial  resources to conduct the  time-consuming  research,
preclinical  development,  and  clinical  trials  that  are  necessary  to bring
pharmaceutical products to market and to establish  commercial-scale  production
and marketing capabilities. During our last three fiscal years, we have directly
spent   approximately   $11,938,000  in  research  and  development,   of  which
approximately $3,842,000 was expended in the year ended December 31, 2004. These
direct costs do not include the overhead and  administrative  costs necessary to
support the research and  development  effort.  Our European  subsidiary  has an
exclusive  license  on  all  the  technology  and  support  from  us  concerning
<PAGE>  19
Ampligen(R)  for the use of ME/CFS and other  applications  for all countries of
the European Union  (excluding the UK where  Bioclones has a marketing  license)
and Norway, Switzerland, Hungary, Poland, the Balkans, Russia, Ukraine, Romania,
Bulgaria,  Slovakia,  Turkey,  Iceland and  Liechtenstein.  As mentioned  above,
Hemispherx  S.A.  entered into a Sales and  Distribution  Agreement with Esteve.
Pursuant to the terms of this  agreement,  Esteve has been granted the exclusive
right in Spain,  Portugal and Andorra to market Ampligen(R) for the treatment of
ME/CFS. See "European Operations", above for more detailed information.

HUMAN RESOURCES

         As of January 31, 2005, we had 54 personnel  consisting of 37 full time
employees,  17 regulatory/research  medical personnel on a part-time basis. Part
time personnel are paid on a per diem or monthly basis. 35 personnel are engaged
in our research,  development,  clinical,  and  manufacturing  effort. 19 of our
personnel perform regulatory, general administration, data processing, including
bio-statistics,  financial and investor  relations  functions.  We have no union
employees and we believe our relationship with our employees is good.

         We  believe  that the  combination  of  Hemispherx  and ISI  Scientific
employees has 1) significantly  strengthened our overall organization,  2) added
expertise to monitor and complete  our ongoing  clinical  trials and 3) improved
our data management and system administration.

         While we have been  successful  in attracting  skilled and  experienced
scientific personnel,  there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract
or retain the necessary qualified employees and/or consultants in the future.

SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD

         Our Scientific  Advisory  Board consists of individuals  who we believe
have  particular   scientific  and  medical   expertise  in  Virology,   Cancer,
Immunology,  Biochemistry and related fields.  These  individuals will advise us
about  current  and  long  term  scientific   planning  including  research  and
development. The Scientific Advisory Board will hold periodic meetings as needed
by the clinical  studies in progress by us. In addition,  individual  Scientific
Advisory Board Members sometimes will consult with, and meet informally with our
employees. All members of the Scientific Advisory are employed by others and may
have commitments to and/or consulting agreements with other entities,  including
our  potential  competitors.  Members  of  the  Scientific  Advisory  Board  are
compensated at the rate of $1,000 per meeting attended or per day devoted to our
affairs.

         In  January  2004 a  meeting  was held in  Philadelphia  where  certain
Scientific  Advisory  Board  members  from  Cornell  University,  University  of
Virginia  and the  Pasteur  Institute  gathered  to review and make  suggestions
pertaining to our clinical and research  programs in 2004. A member of our Board
of Directors,  Dr. William Mitchell of Vanderbilt University,  also attended the
meeting.

RECENT FINANCING AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS

         On March 12, 2003,  we issued an aggregate of  $5,426,000  in principal
amount  of 6%  Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due  January  2005  (the  "March
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 743,288 warrants to two investors in a private
placement for aggregate gross proceeds of $4,650,000.  The March Debentures were
to mature  on  January  31,  2005 and bore  interest  at 6% per  annum,  payable
quarterly in cash or,  subject to  satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common
stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as payment of interest
<PAGE>  20
were valued at 95% of the average  closing  price of the common stock during the
five  consecutive  business  days ending on the third  business day  immediately
preceding  the  applicable  interest  payment  date.  Pursuant  to the terms and
conditions of the March Debentures, we pledged all of our assets, other than our
intellectual  property,  as  collateral  and were subject to comply with certain
financial  and  negative  covenants,  which  include but were not limited to the
repayment of principal balances upon achieving certain revenue milestones.

         The March Debentures were convertible at the option of the investors at
any time  through  January  31,  2005  into  shares  of our  common  stock.  The
conversion  price  under the  March  Debentures  was  fixed at $1.46 per  share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion price then in effect.

         The  investors  also  received  Warrants to acquire at any time through
March 12,  2008 an  aggregate  of 743,288  shares of common  stock at a price of
$1.68 per share.

         We entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
connection  with the  issuance of the March  Debentures  and the  Warrants.  The
Registration  Rights  Agreement  requires  that we register the shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the  Debentures,  as interest shares under the
Debentures and upon exercise of the Warrants. In accordance with this agreement,
we have registered these shares for public sale.

         As of  December  31,  2003,  the  investors  had  converted  the  total
$5,426,000 principal of the March Debentures into 3,716,438 shares of our common
stock.  The total interest on these  debenture was $111,711 of which $17,290 was
paid in cash and $94,421 was paid by the issuance of shares of our common stock.
The investor exercised all 743,288 warrants in July 2003 which produced proceeds
in the amount of $1,248,724.

         On July 10, 2003,  we issued an aggregate  of  $5,426,000  in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due July 31,  2005 (the "July 2003
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 507,102 Warrants (the "July 2008 Warrants") to
the same investors who purchased the March  Debentures,  in a private  placement
for  aggregate  proceeds of  $4,650,000.  Pursuant to the terms of the July 2003
Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds from the sale of the July 2003 Debentures
were to have been  held back and  released  to us if,  and only if, we  acquired
ISI's  facility  with in a set  timeframe.  These  funds were  released to us in
October 2003 although we had not acquired  ISI's facility at that time. The July
2003  Debentures  mature on July 31,  2005 and bear  interest  at 6% per  annum,
payable  quarterly in cash or, subject to  satisfaction  of certain  conditions,
common  stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as payment of
interest shall be valued at 95% of the average closing price of the common stock
during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third  business  day
immediately preceding the applicable interest payment date.

         The July 2003 Debentures are convertible at the option of the investors
at any time  through  July  31,  2005  into  shares  of our  common  stock.  The
conversion  price under the July 2003  Debentures  was fixed at $2.14 per share;
however,  as part of the subsequent  debenture  placement  closed on October 29,
2003 (see  below),  the  conversion  price  under the July 2003  Debentures  was
lowered to $1.89 per share.  The  conversion  price is subject to adjustment for
anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock or securities convertible
or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than the conversion price then
<PAGE>  21
in effect. In addition,  in the event that we do not pay the redemption price at
maturity, the Debenture holders, at their option, may convert the balance due at
the lower of (a) the  conversion  price then in effect and (b) 95% of the lowest
closing sale price of our common  stock during the three  trading days ending on
and including the conversion date.

         The July 2008 Warrants received by the investors,  as amended,  were an
aggregate of 507,102 shares of common stock at a price of $2.46 per share. These
Warrants were exercised in July 2004 which produced gross proceeds in the amount
of $1,247,470.

         On June 25,  2003,  we issued to each of the March 12,  2003  Debenture
holders  warrants to acquire at any time  through  June 25, 2008 an aggregate of
1,000,000  shares of common  stock at a price of $2.40 per share (the "June 2008
Warrants"). These warrants were issued as incentive for the Debenture holders to
exercise prior warrant  issuances.  This issuance resulted in an additional debt
discount to the March  debentures of $2,640,000.  Pursuant to our agreement with
the Debenture  holders,  we have registered the shares issuable upon exercise of
these June 2008 Warrants for public sale.  These  warrants were exercised in May
2004 and we received gross proceeds of $2,400,000.

         As of  December  31,  2004,  the  investors  had  converted  all of the
$5,426,000  principal of the July  Debentures  into  2,870,900  shares of common
stock.

         On October 29, 2003,  we issued an aggregate of $4,142,357 in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due October 31, 2005 (the "October
2003  Debentures")  and an  aggregate of 410,134  Warrants  (the  "October  2008
Warrants") in a private  placement for aggregate  gross  proceeds of $3,550,000.
Pursuant to the terms of the October 2003 Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds
from the sale of the  October  2003  Debentures  were  held  back and were to be
released to us if, and only if, we  acquired  ISI's  facility  within 90 days of
January 26, 2004 and provide a mortgage on the facility as further  security for
the October  2003  Debentures.  In March 2004,  we acquired  the facility and we
subsequently provided the mortgage of the facility to the Debenture holders. The
October 2003  Debentures  mature on October 31, 2005 and bear interest at 6% per
annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash  or,  subject  to  satisfaction  of  certain
conditions,  common stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as
payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing price of the
common  stock  during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third
business day immediately preceding the applicable interest payment date.

         Upon  completing the sale of the October 2003  Debentures,  we received
$3,275,000  in net  proceeds  consisting  of  $1,725,000  from the October  2003
Debentures and $1,550,000 that had been withheld from the July 2003  Debentures.
As noted above, pursuant to the terms of the October 2003 Debentures, $1,550,000
of the proceeds from the sale of the October 2003 Debentures had been held back.
However,  these  proceeds  were released to us in April 2004. As required by the
Debentures,  we have provided a mortgage on the ISI facility as further security
for the Debentures.

         The  October  2003  Debentures  are  convertible  at the  option of the
investors at any time through  October 31, 2005 into shares of our common stock.
The  conversion  price under the October 2003  Debentures  is fixed at $2.02 per
share, subject to adjustment for anti-dilution protection for issuance of common
stock or securities  convertible  or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price
less than the conversion price then in effect. In addition, in the event that we
<PAGE>  22
do not pay the redemption  price at maturity,  the Debenture  holders,  at their
option,  may convert the  balance due at the lower of (a) the  conversion  price
then in effect and (b) 95% of the lowest  closing sale price of our common stock
during the three trading days ending on and including the conversion date.

         The October 2008 Warrants,  as amended,  received by the investors were
to acquire an  aggregate  of 410,134  shares of common stock at a price of $2.32
per share.  These  Warrants  were  exercised in July 2004 which  produced  gross
proceeds in the amount of $951,510.

         As of  December  31,  2004,  the  investors  had  converted  $2,071,178
principal amount of the Debenture into 1,025,336 shares of common stock.

         On January 26, 2004,  we issued an aggregate of $4,000,000 in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due January 31, 2006 (the "January
2004  Debentures"),  an aggregate of 790,514 warrants (the "July 2009 Warrants")
and  158,103  shares of common  stock,  and  Additional  Investment  Rights  (to
purchase  up to an  additional  $2,000,000  principal  amount  of  January  2004
Debentures  commencing  in six months) in a private  placement for aggregate net
proceeds of $3,695,000.  The January 2004 Debentures  mature on January 31, 2006
and bear  interest at 6% per annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash or,  subject to
satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock
issued to the  investors  as payment of  interest  shall be valued at 95% of the
average closing price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business
days ending on the third  business  day  immediately  preceding  the  applicable
interest  payment  date.  Commencing  July 26,  2004,  we are  required to start
repaying the then outstanding principal amount under the January 2004 Debentures
in monthly  installments  amortized over 18 months in cash or, at our option, in
shares of common stock. After one installment  payment of $111,111 in our common
stock, one debenture  holder exercised their right to waive further  installment
payments on their note.  Any shares of common stock  issued to the  investors as
installment  payments shall be valued at 95% of the average closing price of the
common stock during the 10-day  trading  period  commencing on and including the
eleventh trading day immediately preceding the date that the installment is due.

         The  January  2004  Debentures  are  convertible  at the  option of the
investors at any time through  January 31, 2006 into shares of our common stock.
The  conversion  price under the January 2004  Debentures was fixed at $2.53 per
share, subject to adjustment for anti-dilution protection for issuance of common
stock or securities  convertible  or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price
less than the conversion price then in effect. In addition, in the event that we
do not pay the redemption  price at maturity,  the Debenture  holders,  at their
option,  may convert the  balance due at the lower of (a) the  conversion  price
then in effect and (b) 95% of the lowest  closing sale price of our common stock
during the three trading days ending on and including the conversion  date. Upon
completion  of the August 2004 Private  Placement  (see below),  the  conversion
price was lowered to $2.08 per share.  As of December  31, 2004,  the  remaining
principal on these debentures was $3,083,073.  The investors  converted $139,150
principal  amount of the January 2004 Debenture into 55,000 shares of our common
stock. In addition,  installment payments of $777,777 were made to our investors
amounting to 358,932 shares of our common stock.

         There are two classes of July 2009 Warrants  received by the Investors:
Class A and Class B. The Class A warrants  are to acquire any time from July 26,
2004 through July 26, 2009 an aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common stock
at a price of $3.29 per share. The Class B warrants are to acquire any time from
July 26, 2004  through  July 26, 2009 an  aggregate  of up to 395,257  shares of
<PAGE>  23
common stock at a price of $5.06 per share.  On January 27,  2005,  the exercise
price of these July 2009 Class A and Class B Warrants was to reset to the lesser
of their  respective  exercise  price  then in  effect  or a price  equal to the
average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between  January  27, 2004 and
January 26, 2005.  The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the July 2009
Warrants also is subject to similar  adjustments for  anti-dilution  protection.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  exercise  prices as reset or adjusted for
anti-dilution, will in no event be less than $2.58 per share. Upon completion of
the August 2004 Private Placement (see below), the exercise price was lowered to
$2.58 per share.

         We also issued to the investors  Additional  Investment Rights pursuant
to which the investors have the right to acquire up to an additional  $2,000,000
principal amount of January 2004 Debentures (the July 2004 Debentures") from us.
The July 2004  Debentures  are identical to the January 2004  Debentures  except
that the  conversion  price is $2.58.  The investors  exercised  the  Additional
Investment  Rights on July 13, 2004 and we received net  proceeds of  1,860,000.
Upon completion of the August 2004 Private Placement (see below), the conversion
price was lowered to $2.08 per share.  As of December  31, 2004,  the  Debenture
holders had not converted any portion of this debenture.

         Pursuant  to the  terms  and  conditions  of  all  of  the  outstanding
Debentures (collectively,  the "Debentures"), we have pledged all of our assets,
other than our  intellectual  property,  as  collateral,  and we are  subject to
comply with certain financial and negative covenants.

         On May 14, 2004, in consideration  for the Debenture  holders' exercise
of all of the June 2008  Warrants,  we issued to the holders  warrants (the "May
2009  Warrants")  to purchase an  aggregate  of  1,300,000  shares of our common
stock. As a result, the warrants were valued at $2,355,000 which was recorded as
additional  debt  discount.  We issued  1,000,000  shares  of  common  stock and
received  gross  proceeds  of  $2,400,000  from the  exercise  of the June  2008
Warrants.

         The May 2009 Warrants are to acquire at any time commencing on November
14, 2004 through April 30, 2009 an aggregate of 1,300,000 shares of common stock
at a price of $4.50 per share.  On May 14, 2005, the exercise price of these May
2009 Warrants will reset to the lesser of the exercise price then in effect or a
price equal to the average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between May
15, 2004 and May 13, 2005.  The  exercise  price (and the reset price) under the
May 2009 Warrants also is subject to adjustments  for  anti-dilution  protection
similar  to those in the other  Warrants.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the
exercise price as reset or adjusted for anti-dilution,  will in no event be less
than $4.008 per share.  This  transaction  generated a non-cash  charge of about
$2,300,000 financing costs in the second quarter of 2004. Upon completion of the
August 2004 Private  Placement  (see below),  the exercise  price was lowered to
$4.008 per share.

         We entered into  Registration  Rights  Agreements with the investors in
connection  with the issuance of (i) the  Debentures;  (ii) the June 2008,  July
2008,  October  2008,  July  2009,  and May  2009  Warrants  (collectively,  the
"Warrants");  and (iii) the  shares  issued in  January  2004.  Pursuant  to the
Registration Rights Agreements we have registered on behalf of the investors the
shares  issued to them in  January  2004 and 135% of the  shares  issuable  upon
conversion  of the  Debentures  and upon  exercise of all of the  Warrants.  If,
subject to certain exceptions,  sales of all shares so registered cannot be made
pursuant to the registration statements,  then we will be required to pay to the
<PAGE>  24
investors their pro rata share of $.00067 times the outstanding principal amount
of the relevant Debentures for each day the above condition exists.

         Section 713 of the  American  Stock  Exchange  ("AMEX")  Company  Guide
provides that we must obtain  stockholder  approval before issuance,  at a price
per share below market value,  of common stock, or securities  convertible  into
common  stock,  equal  to 20% or  more  of our  outstanding  common  stock  (the
"Exchange  Cap").  The  Debentures  (including  the July  2004  Debentures)  and
Warrants have  provisions  that require us to pay cash in lieu of issuing shares
upon  conversion  of  the  Debentures  or  exercise  of the  Warrants  if we are
prevented from issuing such shares because of the Exchange Cap. In May 2004, the
Debenture  holders  agreed  to amend  the  provisions  of these  Debentures  and
Warrants to limit the maximum  amount of funds that the holders could receive in
lieu of shares upon conversion of the Debentures and/or exercise of the Warrants
in the event that the Exchange Cap was reached to 119.9% of the conversion price
of the relevant Debentures and 19.9% of the relevant Warrant exercise price.

         As of December 31,  2004,  the  investors  have  converted  $13,062,329
principal amount of debt from the Debentures  issued in March,  July and October
2003 and January 2004 into  8,026,606  shares of our common  stock.  $777,777 of
principal was repaid with the issuance of 358,932 shares of stock. The March and
July Debentures have been fully converted.  The remaining  principal  balance on
the outstanding Debentures is convertible into shares of our stock at the option
of the investors at any time,  through the maturity  date. In addition,  we have
paid $1,300,000  into the debenture cash  collateral  account as required by the
terms of the October 2003 Debentures. The amounts paid through December 31, 2004
have been accounted for as advances  receivable and are reflected as such on the
accompanying  balance sheet as of December 31, 2004. The cash collateral account
provides  partial  security for repayment of the  outstanding  Debentures in the
event of default.

         By agreement  with  Cardinal  Securities,  LLC,  for general  financial
advisory  services and in conjunction with the private  debenture  placements in
July and  October  2003 and in  January,  May and July  2004,  we paid  Cardinal
Securities, LLC an investment banking fee equal to 7% of the investments made by
the two  Debenture  holders and issued to Cardinal  the  following  common stock
purchase  warrants:  (i)  112,500  exercisable  at $2.57 per share;  (ii) 87,500
exercisable  at $2.42 per  share;  and (iii)  100,000  exercisable  at $3.04 per
share.  The $2.57 warrants expire on July 10, 2008, the $2.42 warrants expire on
October 29, 2008 and the $3.04 warrants  expire on January 5, 2009.  With regard
to the exercise of the June 2008 Warrants and issuance of the May 2009 Warrants,
Cardinal  received  an  investment  banking  fee of 7%, half in cash and half in
shares.  With regard to the exercise of the Additional  Investment  Rights,  the
July 2008 and October  2008  Warrants  and  issuance of the July 2009  Warrants,
Cardinal received an investment banking fee of 7%, 146,980 in cash and 22,703 in
shares as well as 50,000  warrants  exercisable  at $4.07  expiring  on July 12,
2009. By agreement with Cardinal, we have registered all of the foregoing shares
and shares  issuable  upon exercise of the above  mentioned  warrants for public
sale and we have  agreed  to  register  the  balance.  As a result of all of the
transactions  discussed  above,  we  recorded  $1,430,000  as  additional  debt
discount.

         Section 713 of the  American  Stock  Exchange  ("AMEX")  Company  Guide
provides that we must obtain  stockholder  approval before issuance,  at a price
per share below market value,  of common stock, or securities  convertible  into
common  stock,  equal  to 20% or  more  of our  outstanding  common  stock  (the
"Exchange Cap"). Taken separately,  the July 2003, October 2003 and January 2004
Debenture  transactions do not trigger Section 713.  However,  the AMEX took the
<PAGE>  25
position  that  the  three  transactions  should  be  aggregated  and,  as such,
stockholder approval was required for the issuance of common stock for a portion
of the potential  exercise of the warrants and  conversion of the  Debentures in
connection with the January 2004 Debentures. The amount of potential shares that
we could  exceed the  Exchange  Cap  amounted  to  approximately  1,299,000.  In
accordance  with EITF 00-19,  Accounting  For Derivative  Financial  Instruments
Indexed to and  Potentially  Settled in a  Company's  Own Stock,  we recorded on
January 26, 2004, a redemption  obligation  of  approximately  $1,244,000.  This
liability  represented  the fair market  value of the  warrants  and  beneficial
conversion feature related to the 1,299,000 shares.

         In addition, in accordance with EITF 00-19, we revalued this redemption
obligation  associated with the beneficial conversion feature and warrants as of
March 31, 2004.  We recorded an  additional  redemption  obligation  and finance
charge of $947,000 as a result of this revaluation.  Upon stockholder  approval,
our redemption  obligation was recorded as additional  paid in capital as of the
date approval was received.

         The requisite  stockholder  approval was obtained at our Annual Meeting
of  Stockholders  on June 23, 2004. In accordance  with EITF 00-19,  we revalued
this redemption obligation associated with the beneficial conversion feature and
warrants  as of June 23,  2004.  We  recorded  a  reduction  in the value of the
redemption  obligation  and  financing  charge of  $260,000  as a result of this
revaluation.  In addition,  upon receiving the requisite  stockholder  approval,
this redemption  obligation was reclassified as additional paid in capital as of
the date the approval was received or June 23, 2004.


         On July 13, 2004, the Debenture  holders exercised all of the July 2003
and October 2003  Warrants and the  Additional  Investment  Rights  amounting to
approximately  $4,198,980  in gross  proceeds to us. We issued to these  holders
warrants (the "June 2009 Warrants") to purchase an aggregate of 1,300,000 shares
of common stock.  The issuance of these warrants  resulted in an additional debt
discount to the note of 1,320,000 as explained  below and a financing  charge of
$2,351,000.


         The June 2009 Warrants are to acquire at any time commencing on January
13, 2005 through June 30, 2009 an aggregate of 1,300,000  shares of common stock
at a price of $3.75 per share.  On July 13, 2005,  the  exercise  price of these
June 2009 Warrants will reset to the lesser of the exercise price then in effect
or a price equal to the average of the daily price of the common  stock  between
July 14, 2004 and July 12, 2005.  The exercise price (and the reset price) under
the  June  2009  Warrants  also is  subject  to  adjustments  for  anti-dilution
protection  similar  to  those  in  the  other  Warrants.   Notwithstanding  the
foregoing, the exercise price as reset or adjusted for anti-dilution, will in no
event be less than $3.33 per share.  Upon  completion of the August 2004 Private
Placement (see below),  the exercise price was lowered to $3.33 per share.  This
transaction  was  subject to a non-cash  financing  charge of  $1,320,000  to be
amortized over the remaining life of the October 2003  Debentures.  We agreed to
register the shares issuable upon exercise of the June 2009 Warrants pursuant to
substantially the same terms as the registration  rights  agreements  between us
and the holders. Pursuant to this obligation, we have registered the shares.

         On  August  5,  2004,  we  closed  a  private   placement  with  select
institutional  investors of  approximately  3,617,300 shares of our Common Stock
and warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to approximately 1,085,200 shares of
its Common Stock.  Jefferies & Company,  Inc. acted as Placement Agent for which
<PAGE>  26
it received a fee and Common Stock Purchase  Warrants.  We raised  approximately
$7,524,000 ($6,984,000, net) in gross cash proceeds from this private offering.

         The Warrant issued to each  purchaser is  exercisable  for up to 30% of
the number of shares of Common Stock purchased by such Purchaser, at an exercise
price  equal to $2.86 per share.  Each  Warrant  has a term of five years and is
fully exercisable from the date of issuance.

         Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, made and entered into as
of August 5, 2004 (the "Rights  Agreement"),  we have  registered the resales of
the shares issued to the Purchasers and shares issuable upon the exercise of the
Warrants.

         Closing  of  the  August   2004   Private   Placement   triggered   the
anti-dilution  provisions  of the  January  2004  Debentures  and the July  2004
Debentures and the July 2009 Warrants and the June 2009 Warrants. The conversion
price  adjustment  for the  Debentures  noted above resulted in an adjustment of
$1,320,000 in the third quarter 2004 to the  Debenture  discount and  additional
paid-in-capital. Any adjustment to the Debenture discount will be amortized over
the remaining  life of the  Debentures.  The exercise  price  adjustment for the
above warrants resulted in a non-cash financing  adjustment in the third quarter
2004 upon  revaluing  the warrants at the new  anti-dilution  pricing  using the
Black-Scholes Method.

     As of December  31,  2004,  the Company was in  violation of one minor debt
covenant  contained within its debenture  agreement.  Subsequently,  the Company
obtained a letter of waiver from the  debenture  holders  with respect with this
matter.

         In  connection  with  the  Debenture  agreements,  we have  outstanding
letters of credit of $1 million as additional collateral.

         Prior to our annual meeting of stockholders in September 2003, we had a
limited  number of shares of Common Stock  authorized but not issued or reserved
for  issuance  upon  conversion  or  exercise  or  outstanding  convertible  and
exercisable  securities such as debentures,  options and warrants.  Prior to the
meeting,  to permit consummation of the sale of the July 2003 Debentures and the
related  warrants,  Dr. Carter agreed that he would not exercise his warrants or
options unless and until our stockholders  approve an increase in our authorized
shares of common stock. For Dr. Carter's waiver of his right to exercise certain
options and warrants prior to approval of the increase in our authorized shares,
and for Dr. Carter's  entering into a $250,000  letter of credit  benefiting the
Debenture holders in the event of a default,  we agreed to compensate Dr. Carter
with  1,450,000  warrants  to  purchase  common  stock at $2.20 per share.  This
resulted in compensation expense of $1,769,000 which was charged to operations.

         On March 11, 2003, we acquired from ISI,  ISI's  inventory of ALFERON N
Injection(R)  and a  limited  license  for  the  production,  manufacture,  use,
marketing and sale of this product. As partial consideration,  we issued 487,028
shares of our  common  stock to ISI  Pursuant  to our  agreements  with ISI,  we
registered  these shares for public sale and ISI has  reported  that it has sold
all of these shares.  We also agreed to pay ISI 6% of the net sales of ALFERON N
Injection(R).

         On March 11, 2003,  we also entered into an agreement to purchase  from
ISI all of its rights to the  product  and other  assets  related to the product
including,  but not limited to, real estate and machinery.  For these assets, we
agreed to issue to ISI an additional  487,028 shares and to issue 314,465 shares
and 267,296  shares,  respectively  to the  American  National  Red Cross and GP
<PAGE>  27
Strategies Corporation,  two creditors of ISI. We guaranteed the market value of
all but 62,500 of these shares to be $1.59 per share on the termination date. As
discussed  below,  we issued all of these shares and ISI, GP Strategies  and the
American  National  Red  Cross  have  reported  that they have sold all of their
shares.

         We also agreed to satisfy other  liabilities of ISI which were past due
and secured by a lien on ISI's real estate and to pay ISI 6% of the net sales of
products containing natural alpha interferon.

         On May 30, 2003, we issued the shares to GP Strategies and the American
National Red Cross. Pursuant to our agreements with ISI and these two creditors,
we  registered  the foregoing  shares for public sale. We guaranteed  the market
value all but  62,500 of these  shares  to be $1.59  per  share.  As a result at
December 31, 2003 the guaranteed value of these shares ($491,000), which had not
been sold by these two creditors,  were reclassified to redeemable common stock.
At  December  31, 2004 all shares had been sold by these two  creditors  and the
redeemable common stock was reclassified to equity.

         On November 6, 2003, we acquired, and subsequently paid the outstanding
ISI property tax lien  certificates  in the  aggregate  amount of $457,000  from
certain investors.  These tax liens were issued for property taxes and utilities
due for 2000, 2001 and 2002.


         In  March  2004,  we  issued  487,028  shares  to ISI to  complete  the
acquisition  of the  balance of ISI's  rights to market its  product as well its
production  facility  in New  Brunswick,  New  Jersey.  ISI has  sold all of its
shares.


         The  aggregated  cost of the land and buildings in New  Brunswick,  New
Jersey was  approximately  $3,316,000.  The cost of the land and  buildings  was
allocated as follows:

                                    Land              $   423,000

                                    Buildings           2,893,000
                                                        ---------

                                    Total cost        $ 3,316,000
                                                      ===========


     We  accounted  for  these  transactions  as a  Business  Combination  under
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  ("SFAS") No. 141  Accounting  for
Business Combinations.

         On March 13,  2003,  we issued  347,445  shares of our common  stock to
Provesan  SA, an  affiliate  of  Esteve,  in  exchange  for  1,000,000  Euros of
convertible  preferred equity certificates of Hemispherx Biopharma Europe, S.A.,
owned by Esteve, and all dividends earned and to be earned through September 30,
2003.  We agreed to  register  the  shares  issued to  Provesan  SA, and we have
registered these shares for public sale.

          As of December 31, 2004, we had approximately  $16,737,000 in cash and
short term  investments.  These funds should be sufficient to meet our operating
cash requirements including debt service for the near term. However, we may need
to raise  additional funds through  additional  equity or debt financing or from
other  sources  in order to  complete  the  necessary  clinical  trials  and the
regulatory  approval  processes  including the  commercializing  of  Ampligen(R)
products.  There can be no  assurances  that we will raise  adequate  funds from
<PAGE>  28
these or other sources,  which may have a material adverse effect on our ability
to develop our  products.  Also,  we have the  ability to curtail  discretionary
spending,  including some research and  development  activities,  if required to
conserve cash.

         Because of our long-term  capital  requirements,  we may seek to access
the public equity market  whenever  conditions are favorable,  even if we do not
have an  immediate  need for  additional  capital at that time.  Any  additional
funding may result in  significant  dilution  and could  involve the issuance of
securities with rights, which are senior to those of existing  stockholders.  We
may  also  need  additional  funding  earlier  than  anticipated,  and our  cash
requirements,  in  general,  may vary  materially  from those now  planned,  for
reasons  including,  but not limited to, changes in our research and development
programs,   clinical  trials,   competitive  and  technological   advances,  the
regulatory  process,  and  higher  than  anticipated  expenses  and  lower  than
anticipated revenues from certain of our clinical trials for which cost recovery
from participants has been approved.

                                  RISK FACTORS

The following cautionary  statements identify important factors that could cause
our  actual   result  to  differ   materially   from  those   projected  in  the
forward-looking  statements  made in this Form 10-K.  Among the key factors that
have a direct bearing on our results of operations are:

         No assurance of successful product development

         Ampligen(R)  and related  products.  The development of Ampligen(R) and
our  other  related  products  is  subject  to a number  of  significant  risks.
Ampligen(R) may be found to be ineffective or to have adverse side effects, fail
to receive  necessary  regulatory  clearances,  be difficult to manufacture on a
commercial   scale,   be   uneconomical   to   market  or  be   precluded   from
commercialization  by proprietary  right of third  parties.  Our products are in
various stages of clinical and  pre-clinical  development  and,  require further
clinical studies and appropriate  regulatory  approval processes before any such
products can be marketed. We do not know when, if ever, Ampligen(R) or our other
products will be generally  available for  commercial  sale for any  indication.
Generally,  only a  small  percentage  of  potential  therapeutic  products  are
eventually  approved  by the  U.S.  Food  and Drug  Administration  ("FDA")  for
commercial sale.

ALFERON  N  Injection(R).  Although  ALFERON  N  Injection(R)  is  approved  for
marketing in the United States for the intralesional  treatment of refractory or
recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older, to date
it has not been  approved  for  other  indications.  We face  many of the  risks
discussed  above,  with regard to developing this product for use to treat other
ailments such as multiple sclerosis and cancer.

Our drug and related  technologies are investigational and subject to regulatory
approval. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval, our operations will be
significantly affected.

All of our drugs and associated  technologies  other than ALFERON N Injection(R)
are  investigational  and must receive prior regulatory  approval by appropriate
regulatory  authorities for general use and are currently legally available only
through  clinical  trials  with  specified  disorders.  At  present,  ALFERON  N
Injection(R) is only approved for the  intralesional  treatment of refractory or
recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older.  Use of
ALFERON N Injection(R) for other indications will require  regulatory  approval.
<PAGE>  29
In this regard,  Interferon  Sciences,  Inc. ("ISI"),  the company from which we
obtained our rights to ALFERON N Injection(R), conducted clinical trials related
to use of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  for treatment of HIV and Hepatitis C. In both
instances, the FDA determined that additional studies were necessary in order to
fully  evaluate the efficacy of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  in the treatment of HIV
and Hepatitis C diseases.  We have no  obligation or immediate  plans to conduct
these additional studies at this time.

Our  products,  including  Ampligen(R),  are subject to extensive  regulation by
numerous  governmental  authorities in the U.S. and other countries,  including,
but not limited to, the FDA in the U.S., the Health Protection Branch ("HPB") of
Canada, and the European Medical Evaluation Agency ("EMEA") in Europe. Obtaining
regulatory  approvals  is a  rigorous  and  lengthy  process  and  requires  the
expenditure  of  substantial  resources.  In order to  obtain  final  regulatory
approval  of a new  drug,  we  must  demonstrate  to  the  satisfaction  of  the
regulatory  agency that the product is safe and  effective for its intended uses
and  that  we are  capable  of  manufacturing  the  product  to  the  applicable
regulatory  standards.  We  require  regulatory  approval  in  order  to  market
Ampligen(R)  or any other  proposed  product  and  receive  product  revenues or
royalties. We cannot assure you that Ampligen(R) will ultimately be demonstrated
to be safe or efficacious.  In addition, while Ampligen(R) is authorized for use
in clinical  trials in the United States and other  countries,  we cannot assure
you that  additional  clinical trial  approvals will be authorized in the United
States or in other  countries,  in a timely  fashion or at all,  or that we will
complete these clinical trials. If Ampligen(R) or one of our other products does
not receive  regulatory  approval in the U.S. or elsewhere,  our operations most
likely will be materially adversely affected.

We may  continue to incur  substantial  losses and our future  profitability  is
uncertain.

         We began  operations  in 1966 and last  reported  net profit  from 1985
through 1987. Since 1987, we have incurred  substantial  operating losses, as we
pursued our clinical  trial  effort and  expanded  our efforts in Europe.  As of
December 31, 2004 our accumulated  deficit was  approximately  $137,983,000.  We
have not yet  generated  significant  revenues  from our  products and may incur
substantial  and increased  losses in the future.  We cannot assure that we will
ever achieve  significant  revenues from product sales or become profitable.  We
require, and will continue to require,  the commitment of substantial  resources
to develop our products.  We cannot assure that our product  development efforts
will be  successfully  completed or that required  regulatory  approvals will be
obtained or that any products will be manufactured and marketed successfully, or
be profitable.

We may require additional financing which may not be available.

The  development  of our products  will require the  commitment  of  substantial
resources to conduct the time-consuming research,  preclinical development,  and
clinical trials that are necessary to bring  pharmaceutical  products to market.
As of December  31,  2004,  we had  approximately  $16,737,000  in cash and cash
equivalents  and short-term  investments.  We believe that these funds should be
sufficient to meet our operating cash requirements including debt service during
the next 24 months.  We may need to raise  additional  funds through  additional
equity  or debt  financing  or from  other  sources  in  order to  complete  the
necessary  clinical  trials  and the  regulatory  approval  processes  and begin
commercializing  Ampligen(R)  products.  There can be no assurances that we will
<PAGE>  30
raise  adequate  funds  from these or other  sources,  which may have a material
adverse effect on our ability to develop our products.

We may not be  profitable  unless we can  protect  our  patents  and/or  receive
approval for additional pending patents.

         We need to preserve and acquire enforceable patents covering the use of
Ampligen(R) for a particular disease in order to obtain exclusive rights for the
commercial  sale of  Ampligen(R)  for such  disease.  We obtained  all rights to
ALFERON N Injection(R),  and we plan to preserve and acquire enforceable patents
covering its use for existing and potentially new diseases. Our success depends,
in large part, on our ability to preserve and obtain patent  protection  for our
products and to obtain and preserve our trade secrets and expertise.  Certain of
our know-how and technology is not patentable,  particularly  the procedures for
the  manufacture of our drug product which are carried out according to standard
operating procedure manuals. We have been issued certain patents including those
on the use of Ampligen(R)  and  Ampligen(R)  in  combination  with certain other
drugs for the  treatment of HIV. We also have been issued  patents on the use of
Ampligen(R) in combination with certain other drugs for the treatment of chronic
Hepatitis  B virus,  chronic  Hepatitis  C virus,  and a  patent  which  affords
protection on the use of Ampligen(R) in patients with Chronic Fatigue  Syndrome.
We have not yet been  issued any  patents  in the  United  States for the use of
Ampligen(R) as a sole treatment for any of the cancers,  which we have sought to
target.  With regard to ALFERON N  Injection(R),  we have  acquired from ISI its
patents  for natural  alpha  interferon  produced  from human  peripheral  blood
leukocytes and its  production  process.  We cannot assure that our  competitors
will not seek and  obtain  patents  regarding  the use of  similar  products  in
combination with various other agents,  for a particular target indication prior
to our doing such.  If we cannot  protect our  patents  covering  the use of our
products for a particular  disease,  or obtain additional patents, we may not be
able to successfully market our products.

The  patent  position  of  biotechnology  and  pharmaceutical  firms  is  highly
uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions.

         To date,  no  consistent  policy has emerged  regarding  the breadth of
protection afforded by pharmaceutical and biotechnology patents. There can be no
assurance  that new patent  applications  relating to our products or technology
will result in patents being issued or that, if issued, such patents will afford
meaningful  protection  against  competitors  with  similar  technology.  It  is
generally  anticipated that there may be significant  litigation in the industry
regarding patent and intellectual property rights. Such litigation could require
substantial  resources  from  us and we may not  have  the  financial  resources
necessary to enforce the patent  rights that we hold.  No assurance  can be made
that our patents will provide  competitive  advantages  for our products or will
not be successfully  challenged by  competitors.  No assurance can be given that
patents do not exist or could not be filed which would have a materially adverse
effect on our ability to develop or market our products or to obtain or maintain
any competitive  position that we may achieve with respect to our products.  Our
patents also may not prevent others from developing  competitive  products using
related technology.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain  necessary  licenses if
we cannot enforce  patent rights we may hold. In addition,  the failure of third
parties from whom we currently license certain  proprietary  information or from
whom we may be  required to obtain such  licenses in the future,  to  adequately
enforce their rights to such proprietary information, could adversely affect the
value of such licenses to us.
<PAGE>  31
         If we cannot  enforce  the patent  rights we  currently  hold we may be
required to obtain  licenses from others to develop,  manufacture  or market our
products.  There can be no  assurance  that we would be able to obtain  any such
licenses on  commercially  reasonable  terms,  if at all. We  currently  license
certain proprietary  information from third parties, some of which may have been
developed  with  government  grants  under  circumstances  where the  government
maintained certain rights with respect to the proprietary information developed.
No assurances can be given that such third parties will  adequately  enforce any
rights they may have or that the rights, if any, retained by the government will
not adversely affect the value of our license.

There is no guarantee  that our trade  secrets will not be disclosed or known by
our competitors.

         To protect our rights,  we require certain employees and consultants to
enter into  confidentiality  agreements  with us. There can be no assurance that
these  agreements  will  not be  breached,  that  we  would  have  adequate  and
enforceable  remedies for any breach, or that any trade secrets of ours will not
otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors.

If our distributors do not market our products successfully, we may not generate
significant revenues or become profitable.

         We have limited marketing and sales  capability.  We are dependent upon
existing and, possibly future, marketing agreements and third party distribution
agreements for our products in order to generate significant revenues and become
profitable.  As a result,  any revenues  received by us will be dependent on the
efforts of third  parties,  and there is no assurance that these efforts will be
successful.  Our  agreement  with Accredo  offers the  potential to provide some
marketing and  distribution  capacity in the United States while agreements with
Bioclones  (Proprietary),  Ltd,  Biovail  Corporation and  Laboratorios  Del Dr.
Esteve S.A. may provide a sales force in South America,  Africa, United Kingdom,
Australia and New Zealand,  Canada, Spain and Portugal. On December 27, 2004, we
initiated a lawsuit in Federal Court identifying a conspiratorial  group seeking
to illegally  manipulate  our stock for  purposes of bringing  about the hostile
takeover of Hemispherx.  This  conspiratorial  group includes  Bioclones and the
potential legal action may adversely effect our agreement with Bioclones and the
potential for  marketing and  distribution  capacity in South  America,  Africa,
United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand.

         We cannot assure that our domestic or foreign  marketing  partners will
be able to  successfully  distribute  our  products,  or that we will be able to
establish  future  marketing  or third party  distribution  agreements  on terms
acceptable to us, or that the cost of establishing  these  arrangements will not
exceed any product  revenues.  The failure to continue these  arrangements or to
achieve other such  arrangements on  satisfactory  terms could have a materially
adverse effect on us.

There are no long-term  agreements with suppliers of required  materials.  If we
are unable to obtain the  required  raw  materials,  we may be required to scale
back  our  operations  or  stop   manufacturing   ALFERON  N  Injection   and/or
Ampligen(R).

A  number  of  essential  materials  are used in the  production  of  ALFERON  N
Injection(R),  including  human  white  blood  cells.  We do not have  long-term
agreements for the supply of any of such materials. There can be no assurance we
<PAGE>  32
can enter into  long-term  supply  agreements  covering  essential  materials on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

At present,  we do not have any agreements  with third parties for the supply of
any polymers for use in manufacturing  Ampligen.  We are consolidating  relevant
manufacturing  operations  into our New Brunswick,  New Jersey  facility for the
production  of  Ampligen  raw  materials.  This  consolidation  and  transfer of
manufacturing  operations has been  implemented as an inspection of the Ribotech
facility in South Africa,  our previous  supplier of Ampligen(R)  raw materials,
indicated  that it did not, at present,  meet the  necessary GMP standards for a
fully certified  commercial  process.  The transfer of Ampligen(R) raw materials
manufacture to our own facilities,  while having obvious advantages with respect
to  regulatory  compliance  (other  parts of the  43,000 sq.  ft.  wholly  owned
facility are already in compliance for Alferon N manufacture), may delay certain
steps in the commercialization process, specifically a targeted NDA filing.

If we are unable to obtain the  required  raw  materials,  we may be required to
scale back our operations or stop  manufacturing.  The costs and availability of
products  and  materials  we need  for the  production  of  Ampligen(R)  and the
commercial  production of ALFERON N Injection(R) and other products which we may
commercially  produce  are  subject  to  fluctuation  depending  on a variety of
factors  beyond  our  control,   including   competitive  factors,   changes  in
technology,  and FDA and  other  governmental  regulations  and  there can be no
assurance  that we will be able to obtain such  products and  materials on terms
acceptable to us or at all.

There is no assurance that  successful  manufacture of a drug on a limited scale
basis  for  investigational  use  will  lead  to  a  successful   transition  to
commercial, large-scale production.

         Small  changes  in  methods of  manufacturing  may affect the  chemical
structure  of  Ampligen(R)  and other RNA  drugs,  as well as their  safety  and
efficacy.  Changes in methods of manufacture,  including commercial scale-up may
affect the  chemical  structure  of  Ampligen(R)  and can,  among other  things,
require new clinical studies and affect orphan drug status, particularly, market
exclusivity  rights,  if any,  under the Orphan Drug Act.  The  transition  from
limited   production  of  pre-clinical  and  clinical  research   quantities  to
production  of  commercial  quantities  of our products  will  involve  distinct
management and technical  challenges and will require additional  management and
technical  personnel and capital to the extent such manufacturing is not handled
by third  parties.  There can be no  assurance  that our  manufacturing  will be
successful  or that  any  given  product  will  be  determined  to be  safe  and
effective,  capable of being manufactured  economically in commercial quantities
or successfully marketed.

We have limited manufacturing experience and capacity.

         Ampligen(R) has been only produced in limited quantities for use in our
clinical  trials and we are dependent upon certain third party suppliers for key
components of our products and for substantially all of the production  process.
The failure to continue these arrangements or to achieve other such arrangements
on  satisfactory  terms could have a material  adverse affect on us. Also, to be
successful,  our products  must be  manufactured  in  commercial  quantities  in
compliance with regulatory  requirements and at acceptable  costs. To the extent
we are  involved  in the  production  process,  our current  facilities  are not
adequate  for  the   production  of  our  proposed   products  for   large-scale
commercialization,  and we currently do not have  adequate  personnel to conduct
<PAGE> 33
commercial-scale  manufacturing.  We intend to utilize third-party facilities if
and when the need  arises  or, if we are  unable  to do so, to build or  acquire
commercial-scale   manufacturing   facilities.  We  will  need  to  comply  with
regulatory requirements for such facilities,  including those of the FDA and HPB
pertaining to current Good Manufacturing  Practices ("cGMP") regulations.  There
can be no assurance  that such  facilities  can be used,  built,  or acquired on
commercially  acceptable  terms,  or that such  facilities,  if used,  built, or
acquired, will be adequate for our long-term needs.

         In  connection   with  settling   various   manufacturing   infractions
previously  noted  by  the  FDA,  Schering-Plough  ("Schering")  entered  into a
"Consent  Decree"  with the FDA  whereby,  among  other  things,  it  agreed  to
discontinue various contract (third party)  manufacturing  activities at various
facilities  including its San Juan, Puerto Rico, plant.  Ampligen(R)  (which was
not involved in any of the cited  infractions)  was produced at this Puerto Rico
plant from year 2000-2004. Operating under instructions from the Consent Decree,
Schering has advised us that it would no longer manufacture  Ampligen(R) in this
facility  beyond  2004  and  would  assist  us in an  orderly  transfer  of said
activities to other non Schering facilities. Accordingly, we have entered into a
Confidentiality  Agreement  with Mayne  Pharma  Pty,  Ltd  ("Mayne")  to lead to
reinitiation  and expansion of its  Ampligen(R)  manufacturing  program.  We are
currently  in   discussions   with  Mayne  to  provide  us  with   proposals  on
manufacturing  Ampligen(R) at their facility.  Mayne (formerly known as Faulding
Pharma) has already  successfully  manufactured  Ampligen(R)  several  times for
ongoing  clinical  trials,  and  maintains  a  fully  GMP  compliant   facility.
Simultaneously, we expect to qualify at least one other GMP facility to maintain
a minimum of two independent  production sites. If we are unable to engage Mayne
and/or additional manufacturers in a timely manner, our plans to file an NDA for
Ampligen(R) and, eventually, to market and sell Ampligen(R) will be delayed.

         The purified drug concentrate  utilized in the formulation of ALFERON N
Injection(R)  is  manufactured  in our New  Brunswick,  New Jersey  facility and
ALFERON N  Injection(R)  is  formulated  and packaged at a  production  facility
operated by Abbott Laboratories  located in Kansas. We are dependent upon Abbott
Laboratories and/or another third party for product formulation and packaging.

We may not be profitable unless we can produce  Ampligen(R) or other products in
commercial quantities at costs acceptable to us.

         We have  never  produced  Ampligen(R)  or any other  products  in large
commercial  quantities.  We must  manufacture  our products in  compliance  with
regulatory  requirements in large commercial  quantities and at acceptable costs
in order for us to be profitable. We intend to utilize third-party manufacturers
and/or  facilities if and when the need arises or, if we are unable to do so, to
build  or  acquire  commercial-scale  manufacturing  facilities.  If  we  cannot
manufacture  commercial  quantities  of  Ampligen(R)  or enter into third  party
agreements for its manufacture at costs acceptable to us, our operations will be
significantly affected.  Also, each production lots of Alferon N Injection(R) is
subject to FDA review and approval prior to releasing the lots to be sold.  This
review and approval process could take considerable  time, which would delay our
having  product in inventory to sell.  Alferon N  Injection(R)  presently  has a
shelf life of 18 months after having been bottled.  Studies are being  conducted
to possibly extend the shelf life to 24 months.
<PAGE>  34
Rapid technological change may render our products obsolete or non-competitive.

         The  pharmaceutical  and biotechnology  industries are subject to rapid
and   substantial   technological   change.   Technological   competition   from
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities,  governmental entities
and others  diversifying  into the field is intense and is expected to increase.
Most of these  entities  have  significantly  greater  research and  development
capabilities than us, as well as substantial marketing, financial and managerial
resources,  and  represent  significant  competition  for  us.  There  can be no
assurance  that   developments  by  others  will  not  render  our  products  or
technologies  obsolete  or  noncompetitive  or that we will be able to keep pace
with technological developments.

Our products may be subject to substantial competition.

         Ampligen(R) . Competitors may be developing  technologies  that are, or
in the  future  may be,  the  basis  for  competitive  products.  Some of  these
potential  products  may  have  an  entirely  different  approach  or  means  of
accomplishing  similar  therapeutic  effects to products being  developed by us.
These  competing  products  may be more  effective  and  less  costly  than  our
products.  In  addition,  conventional  drug  therapy,  surgery  and other  more
familiar treatments may offer competition to our products.  Furthermore, many of
our competitors have  significantly  greater  experience than us in pre-clinical
testing and human clinical  trials of  pharmaceutical  products and in obtaining
FDA,  HPB  and  other  regulatory  approvals  of  products.   Accordingly,   our
competitors  may  succeed in  obtaining  FDA,  HPB or other  regulatory  product
approvals more rapidly than us. There are no drugs approved for commercial  sale
with respect to treating ME/CFS in the United States.  The dominant  competitors
with  drugs  to  treat  HIV  diseases  include  Gilead  Pharmaceutical,  Pfizer,
Bristol-Myers,  Abbott Labs, Glaxo Smithkline,  Merck and Schering-Plough  Corp.
These potential  competitors are among the largest  pharmaceutical  companies in
the world,  are well known to the public  and the  medical  community,  and have
substantially   greater   financial   resources,    product   development,   and
manufacturing and marketing  capabilities than we have.  Although we believe our
principal  advantage  is the unique  mechanism of action of  Ampligen(R)  on the
immune system, we cannot assure that we will be able to compete.

         ALFERON  N  Injection(R).  Many  potential  competitors  are  among the
largest pharmaceutical  companies in the world, are well known to the public and
the medical  community,  and have  substantially  greater  financial  resources,
product development,  and manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have.
ALFERON N Injection(R) currently competes with Schering's injectable recombinant
alpha  interferon  product  (INTRON(R) A) for the treatment of genital warts. 3M
Pharmaceuticals  also  received FDA approval for its  immune-response  modifier,
Aldara(R),  a  self-administered  topical  cream,  for the treatment of external
genital and perianal warts.  ALFERON N Injection(R) also competes with surgical,
chemical,  and other  methods of treating  genital  warts.  We cannot assess the
impact products  developed by our  competitors,  or advances in other methods of
the treatment of genital warts, will have on the commercial viability of ALFERON
N  Injection(R).  If and when we  obtain  additional  approvals  of uses of this
product, we expect to compete primarily on the basis of product performance. Our
potential  competitors have developed or may develop products (containing either
alpha or beta  interferon or other  therapeutic  compounds)  or other  treatment
modalities for those uses. In the United States, three recombinant forms of beta
interferon have been approved for the treatment of relapsing-remitting  multiple
sclerosis.  There can be no assurance that, if we are able to obtain  regulatory
approval of ALFERON N Injection(R) for the treatment of new indications, we will
<PAGE>  35
be able to achieve any significant  penetration into those markets. In addition,
because  certain  competitive  products  are not  dependent on a source of human
blood cells, such products may be able to be produced in greater volume and at a
lower cost than ALFERON N Injection(R).  Currently, our wholesale price on a per
unit  basis of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  is higher  than that of the  competitive
recombinant alpha and beta interferon products.

         General.  Other  companies may succeed in developing  products  earlier
than we do, obtaining approvals for such products from the FDA more rapidly than
we do, or developing products that are more effective than those we may develop.
While we will  attempt  to expand  our  technological  capabilities  in order to
remain  competitive,  there can be no assurance that research and development by
others or other  medical  advances  will not render our  technology  or products
obsolete or  non-competitive  or result in treatments  or cures  superior to any
therapy we develop.

Possible  side effects  from the use of  Ampligen(R)  or ALFERON N  Injection(R)
could adversely affect potential revenues and physician/patient acceptability of
our product.

          Ampligen(R).  We believe  that  Ampligen(R)  has been  generally  well
tolerated  with a low  incidence of clinical  toxicity,  particularly  given the
severely  debilitating or life  threatening  diseases that have been treated.  A
mild  flushing  reaction  has been  observed  in  approximately  15% of patients
treated in our various studies.  This reaction is occasionally  accompanied by a
rapid heart beat,  a tightness of the chest,  urticaria  (swelling of the skin),
anxiety,  shortness of breath, subjective reports of "feeling hot," sweating and
nausea.  The  reaction is usually  infusion-rate  related and can  generally  be
controlled  by slowing the infusion  rate.  Other  adverse side effects  include
liver enzyme level elevations,  diarrhea,  itching,  asthma, low blood pressure,
photophobia, rash, transient visual disturbances,  slow or irregular heart rate,
decreases  in  platelets  and  white  blood  cell  counts,  anemia,   dizziness,
confusion,  elevation of kidney function tests,  occasional  temporary hair loss
and various flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills, fatigue, muscular aches,
joint  pains,  headaches,  nausea and  vomiting.  These  flu-like  side  effects
typically  subside  within  several  months.  One or more of the potential  side
effects might deter usage of  Ampligen(R)  in certain  clinical  situations  and
therefore,  could  adversely  affect  potential  revenues and  physician/patient
acceptability of our product.

ALFERON N Injection(R).  At present, ALFERON N Injection(R) is only approved for
the  intralesional  (within the lesion)  treatment  of  refractory  or recurring
external genital warts in adults. In clinical trials conducted for the treatment
of genital  warts  with  ALFERON N  Injection(R),  patients  did not  experience
serious side  effects;  however,  there can be no assurance  that  unexpected or
unacceptable  side effects will not be found in the future for this use or other
potential  uses of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  which  could  threaten or limit such
product's usefulness.

We may be subject to product  liability  claims from the use of  Ampligen(R)  or
other of our products which could negatively affect our future operations.

         We face an inherent  business  risk of  exposure  to product  liability
claims in the event that the use of Ampligen(R) or other of our products results
in adverse  effects.  This  liability  might result from claims made directly by
patients,  hospitals, clinics or other consumers, or by pharmaceutical companies
or others  manufacturing these products on our behalf. Our future operations may
be negatively  affected from the litigation costs,  settlement expenses and lost
<PAGE>  36
product  sales  inherent to these  claims.  While we will continue to attempt to
take appropriate  precautions,  we cannot assure that we will avoid  significant
product  liability  exposure.  Although we currently  maintain product liability
insurance  coverage,  there can be no assurance that this insurance will provide
adequate  coverage against Ampligen and/or Alferon N Injection product liability
claims. A successful  product liability claim against us in excess of Ampligen's
$1,000,000  in insurance  coverage;  $3,000,000  in  aggregate,  or in excess of
Alferon's  $5,000,000 in insurance  coverage;  $5,000,000  in aggregate;  or for
which coverage is not provided could have a negative  effect on our business and
financial condition.

The loss of Dr. William A. Carter's services could hurt our chances for success.

         Our success is dependent  on the  continued  efforts of Dr.  William A.
Carter  because of his position as a pioneer in the field of nucleic acid drugs,
his being the  co-inventor  of  Ampligen(R),  and his  knowledge  of our overall
activities,  including  patents and clinical  trials.  The loss of Dr.  Carter's
services could have a material  adverse effect on our operations and chances for
success.  We have secured key man life  insurance in the amount of $2,000,000 on
the life of Dr. Carter and we have an employment agreement with Dr. Carter that,
as  amended,  runs  until May 8,  2008.  However,  Dr.  Carter  has the right to
terminate his employment  upon not less than 30 days prior written  notice.  The
loss of Dr.  Carter or other  personnel,  or the  failure to recruit  additional
personnel  as needed could have a  materially  adverse  effect on our ability to
achieve our objectives.

Uncertainty of health care reimbursement for our products.

         Our ability to successfully  commercialize our products will depend, in
part,  on the extent to which  reimbursement  for the cost of such  products and
related  treatment  will be  available  from  government  health  administration
authorities,   private  health  coverage   insurers  and  other   organizations.
Significant  uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved
health care products,  and from time to time legislation is proposed,  which, if
adopted,   could  further   restrict  the  prices   charged  by  and/or  amounts
reimbursable to  manufacturers  of  pharmaceutical  products.  We cannot predict
what,  if any,  legislation  will  ultimately  be  adopted or the impact of such
legislation  on us.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  third  party  insurance
companies will allow us to charge and receive  payments for products  sufficient
to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development.

There are  risks of  liabilities  associated  with  handling  and  disposing  of
hazardous materials.

         Our  business  involves  the  controlled  use of  hazardous  materials,
carcinogenic  chemicals and various radioactive  compounds.  Although we believe
that our safety  procedures for handling and disposing of such materials  comply
in  all  material   respects  with  the   standards   prescribed  by  applicable
regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials
cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of such an accident or the failure
to comply with applicable  regulations,  we could be held liable for any damages
that result,  and any such liability  could be  significant.  We do not maintain
insurance coverage against such liabilities.
<PAGE>  37
The market price of our stock may be adversely affected by market volatility.

         The  market  price of our  common  stock  has been and is  likely to be
volatile. In addition to general economic,  political and market conditions, the
price and trading volume of our stock could fluctuate widely in response to many
factors, including:

oannouncements of the results of clinical trials by us or our competitors;
o       adverse reactions to products;
o       governmental  approvals,  delays in expected  governmental  approvals or
        withdrawals of any prior governmental  approvals or public or regulatory
        agency concerns regarding the safety or effectiveness of our products;
o       changes in U.S. or foreign regulatory policy during the period of
        product development;
o       developments  in patent or other  proprietary  rights,  including  any
        third party  challenges  of our  intellectual  property rights;
o       announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors;
o       announcements of new products or new contracts by us or our competitors;
o       actual or anticipated  variations in our operating results due to the
level of development  expenses and other  factors;  o changes in  financial
estimates by securities  analysts and whether our earnings  meet or exceed the
estimates;
o       conditions and trends in the pharmaceutical and other industries;
        new accounting standards; and
o       the occurrence of any of the risks described in these "Risk Factors."

         Our  common  stock  is  listed  for  quotation  on the  American  Stock
Exchange.  For the  12-month  period ended  December 31, 2004,  the price of our
common  stock has ranged  from $1.50 to $5.40 per share.  We expect the price of
our common stock to remain  volatile.  The average daily  trading  volume of our
common stock varies  significantly.  Our  relatively  low average volume and low
average  number  of  transactions   per  day  may  affect  the  ability  of  our
stockholders to sell their shares in the public market at prevailing  prices and
a more active market may never develop.

         In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of the
securities of companies in our industry,  securities class action litigation has
often been instituted  against companies in our industry.  If we face securities
litigation in the future, even if without merit or unsuccessful, it would result
in  substantial  costs and a diversion of management  attention  and  resources,
which would negatively impact our business.

Our stock price may be adversely  affected if a significant amount of shares are
sold in the public market.

         As of February 15, 2005,  approximately  4,178,454 shares of our common
stock,  constituted  "restricted  securities"  as  defined in Rule 144 under the
Securities Act of 1933.  4,050,566 of these shares have been registered pursuant
to agreements  between us and the holders of these shares. In addition,  we have
registered  9,754,392 shares issuable (i) upon conversion of approximately  135%
of the January  2004  Debentures,  the October  2003  Debentures,  the July 2003
Debentures and the July 2004 Debentures; (ii) as payment of 135% of the interest
on all of the Debentures;  (iii) upon exercise of 135% of the July 2009 Warrants
issued in conjunction  with the January 2004  Debentures,  the May 2009 Warrants
and the June 2009  Warrants;  and (iv) upon exercise of certain other  warrants.
<PAGE>  38
Registration  of the shares permits the sale of the shares in the open market or
in privately negotiated transactions without compliance with the requirements of
Rule 144.  To the extent the  exercise  price of the  warrants  is less than the
market  price of the common  stock,  the holders of the  warrants  are likely to
exercise them and sell the  underlying  shares of common stock and to the extent
that the conversion  price and exercise  price of these  securities are adjusted
pursuant to  anti-dilution  protection,  the securities  could be exercisable or
convertible for even more shares of common stock. We also may issue shares to be
used to meet our capital  requirements  or use shares to  compensate  employees,
consultants  and/or directors.  We are unable to estimate the amount,  timing or
nature of future sales of outstanding common stock. Sales of substantial amounts
of our common  stock in the public  market  could cause the market price for our
common  stock to  decrease.  Furthermore,  a decline  in the price of our common
stock would likely impede our ability to raise  capital  through the issuance of
additional shares of common stock or other equity securities.

Provisions of our  Certificate of  Incorporation  and Delaware law could defer a
change of our management which could discourage or delay offers to acquire us.

         Provisions of our  Certificate  of  Incorporation  and Delaware law may
make  it  more  difficult  for  someone  to  acquire  control  of us or for  our
stockholders to remove existing  management,  and might discourage a third party
from offering to acquire us, even if a change in control or in management  would
be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, our Certificate of Incorporation
allows us to issue shares of preferred  stock without any vote or further action
by our  stockholders.  Our  Board  of  Directors  has the  authority  to fix and
determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred  stock.  Our Board of
Directors  also has the  authority  to issue  preferred  stock  without  further
stockholder  approval.  As a result,  our Board of Directors could authorize the
issuance  of a series  of  preferred  stock  that  would  grant to  holders  the
preferred right to our assets upon  liquidation,  the right to receive  dividend
payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the
right to the  redemption of the shares,  together  with a premium,  prior to the
redemption of our common stock.  In this regard,  in November 2002, we adopted a
stockholder  rights plan and, under the Plan, our Board of Directors  declared a
dividend distribution of one Right for each outstanding share of Common Stock to
stockholders of record at the close of business on November 29, 2002. Each Right
initially  entitles  holders to buy one unit of preferred stock for $30.00.  The
Rights generally are not  transferable  apart from the common stock and will not
be exercisable unless and until a person or group acquires or commences a tender
or exchange offer to acquire,  beneficial ownership of 15% or more of our common
stock.  However,  for Dr.  Carter,  our chief  executive  officer,  who  already
beneficially  owns 10.9% of our common stock,  the Plan's threshold will be 20%,
instead of 15%. The Rights will expire on November 19, 2012, and may be redeemed
prior thereto at $.01 per Right under certain circumstances.


         Because the risk factors  referred to above could cause actual  results
or outcomes to differ  materially  from those  expressed in any  forward-looking
statements  made  by us,  you  should  not  place  undue  reliance  on any  such
forward-looking  statements.  Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only
as of the date on which it is made and we undertake no  obligation to update any
forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the  date on  which  such  statement  is  made  or  reflect  the  occurrence  of
unanticipated  events.  New  factors  emerge  from  time to time,  and it is not
possible for us to predict which will arise.  In addition,  we cannot assess the
impact of each  factor on our  business  or the extent to which any  factor,  or
<PAGE> 39
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any  forward-looking  statements.  Our research in clinical efforts
may continue for the next several  years and we may continue to incur losses due
to clinical  costs incurred in the  development  of  Ampligen(R)  for commercial
application.  Possible  losses may fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result
of  differences in the timing of  significant  expenses  incurred and receipt of
licensing fees and/or cost recovery treatment revenues in Europe,  Canada and in
the United States.


ITEM 2.  Properties.

         We  currently   lease  our   headquarters   located  in   Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania  consisting  of a suite of offices of  approximately  15,000 square
feet.  We also lease space of  approximately  3,850  square  feet in  Rockville,
Maryland  for  research  and  development,  our  pharmacy,   packaging,  quality
assurance and quality control laboratories,  as well as additional office space.
We also currently  occupy and use the New Brunswick,  New Jersey  laboratory and
production  facility that we acquired from ISI. These facilities  consist of two
buildings located on 2.8 acres. One building is a two story facility  consisting
of a total of 31,300 square feet.  This facility has offices,  laboratories  and
production  space and  shipping  and  receiving  areas.  Building Two has 11,670
square feet  consisting  of  offices,  laboratories  and  warehouse  space.  The
property has parking space for approximately 100 vehicles.

         Our lease on the Rockville  facility expires in June 2005 and we are in
the  process  of  moving  our  laboratory  and  equipment  to our New  Brunswick
facility.  Consolidation of this laboratory with our existing  laboratory in New
Brunswick   will  provide   economical   benefit.   We  believe  that  when  the
consolidation is completed the consolidated  facility will enable us to meet our
requirements  for  planned  clinical  trials  and  treatment  protocols  for the
foreseeable future.

         We also  have a 24.9%  interest  in  Ribotech,  Ltd.  located  in South
Africa.  Ribotech  was  established  by  Bioclones  to  develop  and  operate  a
manufacturing facility. Raw materials production at the pilot facility commenced
in 1996.  The pilot  facility  was shut down in 2004 and  Ribotech  has  started
construction  on a new  production  facility.  At this time we have no assurance
that  this  facility  will be  completed.  We have no  obligation  to fund  this
construction.  Our  interest  in  Ribotech,  is a result  of the  marketing  and
manufacturing agreement executed with Bioclones in 1994.


ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings.

         On September 30, 1998, we filed a multi-count  complaint against Manuel
P. Asensio,  Asensio & Company, Inc. ("Asensio").  The action included claims of
defamation,  disparagement,  tortuous interference with existing and prospective
business relations and conspiracy, arising out of Asensio's false and defamatory
statements. The complaint further alleged that Asensio defamed and disparaged us
in furtherance of a manipulative, deceptive and unlawful short-selling scheme in
August and September,  1998. In 1999,  Asensio filed an answer and  counterclaim
alleging  that in response to  Asensio's  strong sell  recommendation  and other
press  releases,  we made  defamatory  statements  about Asensio.  We denied the
material  allegations of the counterclaim.  In July 2000, following dismissal in
federal court for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, we transferred the action
to the Pennsylvania State Court. In March 2001, the defendants  responded to the
complaints as amended and a trial  commenced on January 30, 2002. A jury verdict
disallowed the claims  against the  defendants for defamation and  disparagement
and the court granted us a directed verdict on the counterclaim. On July 2, 2002
the  Court  entered  an  order  granting  us a new  trial  against  Asensio  for
<PAGE>  40
defamation and disparagement. Thereafter, Asensio appealed the granting of a new
trial to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania.  The Superior Court of Pennsylvania
has denied  Asensio's  appeal.  Asensio has now  petitioned the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania for allowance of an appeal. We have opposed Asensio's  petition for
allowance  of appeal and the matter is now pending  before the Supreme  Court of
Pennsylvania.

         In June 2002, a former  ME/CFS  clinical  trial patient and her husband
filed a claim in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Middlesex County, against us,
one of our clinical trial  investigators and others alleging that she was harmed
in the ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach of warranties.
On June 25, 2004 all claims against us were dismissed with prejudice. The former
ME/CFS clinical trial patient and her husband have now appealed the dismissal of
their claims to the New Jersey  Superior  Court,  Apellate  Division,  where the
matter is now pending.

         In June 2002, a former ME/CFS clinical trial patient in Belgium filed a
claim in  Belgium,  against  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  NV/SA,  our Belgian
subsidiary,  and one of our clinical trial  investigators  alleging that she was
harmed in the Belgium ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach
of  warranties.  We believe the claim is without  merit and we are defending the
claim against us through our product liability insurance carrier.

         In  June  2004,  One  Penn  Associates,  L.P.  filed  a  claim  in  the
Philadelphia  Municipal  Court  for the  Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania  seeking
$44,242.68  for alleged  unpaid  rent and charges  related to our offices in One
Penn  Center in  Philadelphia.  We believe  this claim is without  merit and are
defending  same  pursuant  to the  terms  of our  lease as we were  damaged  and
deprived of the use of a portion of the offices due to water from the landlord's
faulty sprinkler system.

         In  December,  2004 we filed a multicount  complaint  in federal  court
(Southern  District  of  Florida)  against a  conspiratorial  group  seeking  to
illegally  manipulate our stock for purposes of bringing about a hosile takeover
of Hemispherx.  The lawsuit alleges that the conspiratorial group commenced with
a plan to seize  control  of our  cash  and  proprietary  assets  by an  illegal
campaign to drive down our stock price and  publish  disparaging  reports on our
management and current fiduciaries. The lawsuit seeks monetary damages from each
member of the  conspiratorial  group as well as injunctions  preventing  further
recurrences of their misconduct.  The conspiratorial group includes Bioclones, a
privately held South African  Biopharmaceutical  company that  collaborated with
us, and  Johannesburg  Consolidated  Investments,  a South African  corporation,
Cyril Donninger, R. B. Kebble, H. C. Buitendag, Bart Goemaere, and John Doe(s).

         On January 10, 2005,  we  initiated a multicount  lawsuit in the United
States  District  Court  for  the  Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania   seeking
injunctive  relief and damages against a conspiratorial  group, many of whom are
foreign  nationals or companies  located outside the United States alleging that
the conspiratorial group has engaged in secret meetings,  market  manipulations,
fraudulent  misrepresentations,  utilization  of foreign  accounts  and  foreign
secrecy laws all in furtherance of an illegal scheme to take over Hemispherx and
enrich  themselves  at the  expense  of  Hemispherx's  public  shareholders.  On
February  18, 2005 we filed an amended  complaint  in the same  lawsuit  joining
Redlabs,   USA,  Inc.  as  a  defendant  with  the  existing  defendants  R.E.D.
Laboratories,  N.V./S.A.,  Bart Goemaere,  Jan Goemaere,  Dr. Kenny De Meirleir,
Kenneth Schepmans, Johan Goossens, Lieven Vansacker and John Does.

<PAGE>  41

ITEM 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

         No matters were submitted to a vote of the security  holders during the
last quarter of the year ended December 31, 2004.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's  Common Equity,  Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


         Between  October 1, 2004 and March 1, 2005, we issued 524,528 shares of
common stock  consisting of 1) 470,807 shares for debt  repayment,  and interest
payments  related  to the 6%  Convertible  Debentures.  and 2) 53,721  shares in
payment of services rendered.

         The foregoing  issuances of securities  were private  transactions  and
exempt  from  registration  under  section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act  and/or
regulation D rule 506  promulgated  under the Securities  Act. These  securities
have been or will be registered with the SEC.

         Since  October  1997 our common stock has been listed and traded on the
American Stock Exchange  ("AMEX") under the symbol HEB. The following table sets
forth the high and low list prices for our Common  Stock for the last two fiscal
years as reported by the AMEX. Such prices reflect inter-dealer prices,  without
retail markup, markdowns or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.

COMMON STOCK                                   High                    Low
                                               ----                    ---
Time Period:
January 1, 2003 through March 31, 2003        $2.19                   $1.33
April 1, 2003 through June 30, 2003            3.35                    1.33
July 1, 2003 through September 30,
2003                                           2.35                    1.85
October 1, 2003 through December 31, 2003      2.94                    1.83

Time Period:

January 1, 2004 through March 31, 2004         4.85                    2.27
April 1, 2004 through June 30, 2004            5.40                    3.30
July 1, 2004 through September 30, 2004        3.54                    2.10
October 1, 2004 through December 31, 2004      2.50                    1.50

         As of March 11, 2005, there were approximately 258 holders of record of
our Common  Stock.  This number was  determined  from records  maintained by our
transfer agent and does not include  beneficial  owners of our securities  whose
securities are held in the names of various dealers and/or clearing agencies.

         On March 11, 2005, the last sale price for our common stock on the AMEX
was $1.44 per share.

         We have not paid any dividends on our Common Stock in recent years.  It
is  management's  intention not to declare or pay dividends on our Common Stock,
but to retain earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business.
<PAGE>  42
         The following table gives  information  about our Common Stock that may
be issued upon the  exercise of options,  warrants  and rights  under all of our
equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2004.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                            Number of securities
                                                                                            Remaining available for
                                                                                            future issuance under
                                            Number of Securities to  Weighted-average       equity compensation
                                            be issued upon exercise  Exercise price of      plans(excluding
                                            of outstanding options,  Outstanding            securities
                                            warrants and             options, warrants      reflected in
                                            rights                   and rights             column (a))
                                            ------                   -----------------      -------------------


<S>                                           <C>                          <C>                       <C>

Plan Category
-------------

                                                (a)                          (b)                        (c)


Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders:                              921,997                   $  2.66                      7,538,801


Equity compensation plans not approved         _                            _                         _
by security holders:
                                               --------                     --------                  ---------

Total                                          921,997                   $  2.66                      7,538,801

</TABLE>

         In  September  2003,  our Board of Directors  changed the  non-employee
Board  Member  compensation  to be 50% cash and 50%  stock.  The  Board's  stock
compensation is to be paid on the first day of each calendar quarter. The number
of shares paid shall have a value of $12,500  with the value of the shares being
determined  by the  closing  price of our  common  stock on the  American  Stock
Exchange on the last trading day of the preceding quarter. In no event shall the
number of shares issued under this plan exceed  1,000,000 shares over a ten year
period.
<PAGE>  43
ITEM 6. Selected  Financial  Data (in  thousands  except for share and per share
data).
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                    <C>              <C>                <C>                <C>             <C>

Year Ended
December 31                            2000             2001              2002            2003(2)            2004
-----------                            ----             ----              ----            -------            ----
Statement of       Operations
Data:
Revenues and License
fee Income                             $788             $390              $904             $657             $1,229
Total Costs and Expenses(1)           9,831            9,192             6,961            7,909             12,118
Interest Expense and Financing
Costs(3)                                -                 -                -               7,598            12,927
Net loss                             (8,552)           (9,083)          (7,424)          (14,770)          (24,140)
Basic and diluted net loss per
share                                 (0.29)            (0.29)           (0.23)            (0.42)            (0.53)
Shares used in computing basic
and diluted net loss per share      29,251,846       31,433,208        32,085,776       35,234,526      45,177,862

Balance Sheet Data:
Working Capital                       $7,550           $7,534            $2,925           $7,000           $14,504
Total Assets                          13,067           12,035             6,040           13,404            25,172
Common Stockholders Equity            11,572           10,763             3,630            9,248            20,081
Other Cash Flow Data:

Cash used in operating
activities                           $(8,074)         $(7,281)          $(6,409)         $(7,022)        $ (7,240)
Capital expenditures                    (171)               -                -               (19)          (1,696)
</TABLE>

(1) General and  Administrative  expenses  include  stock  compensation  expense
totaling $397,000, $673,000, $132,000, $237,000,  $2,000,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

(2) For  information  concerning  the  acquisition  of certain assets of ISI and
related  financing see note 4 to our consolidated  financial  statements for the
year ended December 31, 2004.

(3) In  accounting  for the March 12,  2003,  July 10,  2003,  October 29, 2003,
January 26, 2004 and July 13, 2004 issuances of 6% Senior Convertible Debentures
in the principal amounts of $5,426,000,  $5,426,000,  $4,142,357, and $4,000,000
and  $2,000,000  respectively,  and related  embedded  conversion  features  and
<PAGE>  44
warrant  issuances,  we recorded debt discounts of  approximately  $17.4 million
which,  in effect,  reduced the carrying value of the debt to $3.6 million.  For
additional  information refer to note 7 to our consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2004.

ITEM 7. Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.

         The  following  discussion  and  analysis  is related to our  financial
condition and results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2004.
This information should be read in conjunction with Item 6 - "Selected Financial
Data" and our  consolidated  financial  statements  and  related  notes  thereto
beginning on F-1 of this Form 10-K.

Statement of Forward-Looking Information

         Certain statements in the section are "forward-looking statements." You
should  read the  information  before  Part I above,  "Special  Note"  Regarding
Forward-Looking  Statements"  for more  information  about our  presentation  of
information.

Background

         We have reported net income only from 1985 through 1987. Since 1987, we
have incurred,  as expected,  substantial operating losses due to our conducting
clinical testing.

         In the course of almost three  decades,  we have  established  a strong
foundation  of  laboratory,  pre-clinical  and clinical data with respect to the
development of nucleic acids to enhance the natural  antiviral defense system of
the human body and the development of therapeutic  products for the treatment of
chronic diseases.  Our strategy is to obtain the required  regulatory  approvals
which will allow the progressive  introduction of Ampligen(R)  (our  proprietary
drug)  for  treating   Myalgic   Encephalomyelitis/   Chronic  Fatigue  Syndrome
("ME/CFS"),  HIV,  Hepatitis  C ("HCV")  and  Hepatitis  B ("HBV")  in the U.S.,
Canada,  Europe and Japan.  We recently  completed a phase III clinical trial in
the U.S.  for use of Ampligen in  treatment  of ME/CFS and are in the process of
assembling and analyzing the obtained data  preparatory to completing and filing
a New Drug Application("NDA") with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration("FDA").
We are also testing  Ampligen in Phase IIb  Clinical  Trials in the U.S. for the
treatment of newly emerging  multi-drug  resistant HIV, and for the induction of
cell mediated  immunity in HIV patients that are under control using potentially
toxic drug cocktails.

         Our  proprietary  drug  technology  utilizes  specifically   configured
ribonucleic  acid ("RNA") and is  protected by more than 170 patents  worldwide,
with  over  14  additional  patent  applications   pending  to  provide  further
proprietary protection in various international  markets.  Certain patents apply
to the  use of  Ampligen(R)  alone  and  certain  patents  apply  to the  use of
Ampligen(R) in combination with certain other drugs. Some compositions of matter
patents  pertain to other new RNA compounds,  which have a similar  mechanism of
action.

         In March 2003 we obtained from Interferon Sciences, Inc. ("ISI") all of
its raw materials, work-in-progress and finished product ALFERON N Injection(R),
together with a limited license to sell ALFERON N Injection(R),  a natural alpha
interferon  that has been  approved for  commercial  sale for the  intralesional
treatment of refractory or recurring external  condylomata  acuminata  ("genital
<PAGE>  45
warts")  in  patients  18 years of age or older in the United  States.  In March
2004, we acquired from ISI the balance of ISI's rights to its product as well as
ISI's  production  facility.  We are marketing the ALFERON N Injection(R) in the
United  States   through   sales   facilitated   via  third  party   agreements.
Additionally,  we intend to implement  studies testing the efficacy of ALFERON N
Injection(R)  in multiple  sclerosis and other chronic viral  diseases.  In this
regard,  the FDA  recently  authorized  a Phase II  clinical  study  designed to
investigate  the  activity  and  safety of  Alferon  LDO(R)  in early  stage HIV
positive patients.

     We were incorporated in Maryland in 1996 under the name HEM research, Inc.,
and originally served as a supplier of research support  products.  Our business
was  redirected  in  the  early  1980's  to  the  development  of  nucleic  acid
pharmaceutical  technology  and  the  commercialization  of RNA  drugs.  We were
reincorporated in Delaware and changed our name to Hem  Pharmaceutical  Corp. in
1991 and to Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.,  in June 1995. We have three  domestic
subsidiaries BioPro Corp., BioAegean Corp., and Core BioTech Corp., all of which
are  incorporated  in  Delaware.  Our foreign  subsidiaries  include  Hemispherx
Biopharma  Europe  N.V./S.A.  established  in  Belgium  in 1998  and  Hemispherx
Biopharma Europe S.A. incorporated in Luxembourg in 2002.

Result of Operations

Years Ended December 31, 2004 vs. 2003

         During the year ended December 31, 2004, we 1) materially  improved our
cash position,  2) completed the  acquisition of our production  facility in New
Brunswick,  New  Jersey,  as well as,  acquired  all of ISI's  rights  to market
Alferon N, 3)  completed  drug  dosing in our Phase III AMP 516 ME/CFS  clinical
trial and 4)  continued  our  efforts  to develop  Ampligen/Alferon  N. Our cash
position  improved as a result of placing  January and July 2004 6%  convertible
debentures  with an aggregate  maturity value of $6,000,000  (gross  proceeds of
$5,695,000)  and the August 2004  private  placement  with select  institutional
investors  of  approximately  3,617,000  shares of our common stock and warrants
producing $7,524,000 in gross proceeds. Completion of the drug dosing in the AMP
516  ME/CFS  clinical  trial in  August  2004  allows  us to start the next step
towards final data collection and analysis.

         Progress was made on all fronts  including a 100% increase in Alferon N
sales.  This increase in sales of Alferon was due,  among other  things,  to the
fact that we were selling for an entire year in 2004  compared to nine months in
2003.  However,  we were  disappointed in these results as we planned to achieve
much higher sales.  Adjustments to our marketing strategy were made in late 2004
and we expect better results in 2005.

Net loss

         Non-cash charges materially affected our net losses for the years ended
December  31,  2004 and 2003.  Our  losses  of  $24,140,000  for the year  ended
December  31,  2004,  include  non-cash  financing  charges of  $12,543,000  and
non-cash charges of $2,000,000 for stock compensation  expenses.  The losses for
the same period in 2003 of $14,770,000  included  non-cash  financing charges of
$7,345,000.  This  $9,370,000  increase  in net  operating  losses  reflects  an
increase of $7,198,000 in non-cash accounting charges,  $692,000 in research and
development  expenses  and  $1,610,000  in  production/cost  of goods sold.  The
increase  in our  research  and  development  costs  were the result of 1) costs
<PAGE>  46
incurred in the development of a more efficient bottling  manufacturing  process
for Alferon N  Injection,  2) vials  abstracted  from the third lot of Alferon N
Injection  inventory  for  research  and  development  purposes,  and  3)  costs
associated  with using Alferon N Injection in a clinical trial to treat patients
infected  with the West Nile  Virus.  Our  production  cost/cost  of goods  sold
increased  due to 1) higher  Alferon N  Injection  sales,  2) costs  related  to
preparing our New  Brunswick,  NJ facility for the  installation  of the lab now
located in  Rockville,  MD, and 3)  expanding  production  at our New  Brunswick
facility  to  include  Ampligen(R)  raw  material.   The  $2,000,000  for  stock
compensation  expense primarily consisted of $1,769,000  resulting from warrants
issued to Dr.  Carter in 2003 that  vested  in the  first  quarter  2004.  These
warrants  vested upon the second ISI asset closing  which  occurred on March 17,
2004.  See Item 11.  "Executive  Compensation"  for  details  related to how Dr.
Carter has been compensated with respect to this matter.

Revenues

         Revenues  for the year  ended  December  31,  2004 were  $1,229,000  as
compared to revenues of $657,000  for the same period in 2003.  Revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2004 from sales of ALFERON N totaled  $1,050,000  versus
$509,000  for the period of March 11,  2003,  the date we acquired the rights to
the Alferon N business from ISI,  through  December 31, 2003. Sales of Alferon N
are  anticipated  to increase as we have more  product  available  and intend to
expand our marketing/sales programs on an international basis. Revenues from our
ME/CFS cost recovery treatment programs principally underway in the U.S., Canada
and Europe were  $179,000 for the year ended  December 31, 2004 versus  $148,000
for the year ended  December  31,  2003.  These  clinical  programs  allow us to
provide Ampligen(R) therapy at our cost to severely debilitated ME/CFS patients.
Under this program the patients pay for the cost of  Ampligen(R)  doses infused.
These costs total approximately $7,200 for a 24-week treatment program.


         Since  acquiring the right to manufacture and market Alferon N on March
11, 2003,  we have focused on converting  the  work-in-progress  inventory  into
finished goods. This  work-in-progress  inventory included three production lots
totaling the equivalent of approximately  55,000 vials (doses) at various stages
of the  manufacturing  process.  Approximately  34,000 vials have been produced.
Some 3,000 of the remaining  vials within this lot were held back to be utilized
in the development of a more compatible vial size for manufacturing of Alferon N
Injection.  We plan on  initiating  the process of  converting  the third lot of
approximately 16,000 vials from  work-in-progress to finished goods inventory in
2005.  Approximately 2,000 vials were abstracted from the third lot for research
and development purposes as well during the 4th quarter 2004. Our production and
quality control personnel in our New Brunswick,  NJ facility are involved in the
extensive process of manufacturing and validation required by the FDA.

         Our sales and marketing  agreement  with  Engitech,  LLC. to distribute
ALFERON N on a nationwide  basis did not produce the desired result.  Sales have
not  increased as planned and we are  expanding our in house sales and marketing
efforts.  We are  considering the use of other sales  organizations  in order to
meet our ALFERON N sales goals.

         We executed a Memorandum  of  Understanding  (MOU) in January 2004 with
Fujisawa Deutschland GmbH, ("Fuji") a major pharmaceutical corporation, granting
them an  exclusive  option  for a limited  number of months to enter a Sales and
Distribution Agreement with exclusive rights to market Ampligen(R) for ME/CFS in
Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The MOU required us to file the full report on
the results of our AMP 516 Clinical Trial with Fuji by May 31, 2004. If the full
<PAGE>  47
report  was not  provided  to Fuji by May 31,  2004  and  Fuji  did not  wish to
exercise  its  option,  we would  have been  required  to refund one half of the
400,000  Euro fee. We submitted  our initial  report to Fuji on May 28, 2004 and
responded to subsequent inquiries for additional information.  The option period
ends 12 weeks after the later of Fuji's review of the full report on the results
of our Amp 516  clinical  trial and Fuji's  meeting  with  three of the  trial's
principal   investigators.   We  received  an  initial  fee  of  400,000   Euros
(approximately  $497,000 US). If we did not provide them with the full report by
December  31,  2004 and Fuji did not wish to exercise  its  option,  we would be
required to refund the entire fee. On November 9, 2004,  we and Fuji  terminated
the MOU by mutual  agreement.  We did not agree on the process to be utilized in
certain European  Territories for obtaining  commercial approval for the sale of
Ampligen(R) in the treatment of patients suffering from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
(CFS).  Instead of a  centralized  procedure,  and in order to obtain an earlier
commercial  approval of  Ampligen(R) in Europe,  we have  determined to follow a
decentralized  filing procedure which was not anticipated in the MOU. We believe
that  it  now  is in the  best  interest  of  our  stockholders  to  potentially
accelerate  entry into  selected  European  markets  whereas  the  original  MOU
specified a centralized registration procedure.  Pursuant to mutual agreement of
the parties we refunded  200,000  Euros to Fuji.  We have recorded the remaining
200,000 Euros as an accrued  liability as of December 31, 2004. We are currently
holding the 200,000 Euros pending  further  developments  in accordance with the
mutually agreed upon termination with Fuji.

         On March 17, 2004, we closed on the acquisition of all of the worldwide
rights of ALFERON N as well as the FDA approved  biological  production facility
in New  Brunswick,  New  Jersey.  We are  looking to expand our  marketing/sales
programs on an international basis.

Production costs/cost of goods sold

         Production  costs for the year ended  December  31,  2004 and 2003 were
$2,112,000  and  $502,000,   respectively.  These  costs  reflect  approximately
$470,000  for the cost of sales of  ALFERON N  Injection(R)  for the year  ended
December 31, 2004. In addition,  costs of sales for Alferon N  Injection(R)  for
the period  March 11, 2003  (acquisition  date of  inventory  from ISI)  through
December 31, 2003 amounted to $240,000.  The remaining  production costs in 2004
represent expenditures  associated with preparing the New Brunswick facility for
the  installation  of the lab  now  located  in  Rockville,  MD and for  further
production of Alferon N Injection(R)  and Ampligen(R)  raw materials.  In August
2004, we released most of the second lot of product (approximately 13,000 vials)
to Abbott laboratories for bottling and realized  approximately  12,000 vials of
Alferon N. Some 3,000 of the  remaining  vials within this lot were held back to
be utilized in the development of a more compatible vial size for  manufacturing
of Alferon N Injection.  We plan on  initiating  the process of  converting  the
third lot of approximately 16,000 vials from  work-in-progress to finished goods
inventory in 2005.  Approximately 2,000 vials were abstracted from the third lot
for research and development  purposes as well during the current  quarter.  Our
production and quality control  personnel in our New Brunswick,  NJ facility are
involved in the extensive  process of manufacturing  and validation  required by
the FDA.

Research and Development costs

         Overall  research  and  development  direct  costs  for the year  ended
December  31, 2004 were  $3,842,000  as compared to  $3,150,000  during the same
period a year earlier. These costs primarily reflect the direct costs associated
with our  effort to  develop  our lead  product,  Ampligen(R),  as a therapy  in
<PAGE> 48
treating  chronic  diseases  and  cancers as well as  on-going  clinical  trials
involving  patients  with HIV. The primary  reasons for the increase in research
and  development  costs of $692,000 for the year ended  December 31, 2004 versus
the  same  period  a year ago were  primarily  due to 1) costs  incurred  in the
development of a more  efficient  bottling  manufacturing  process for Alferon N
Injection,  2) vials  abstracted  from the  third  lot of  Alferon  N  Injection
inventory for research and development  purposes,  and 3) costs  associated with
using Alferon N Injection in a clinical  trial to treat  patients  infected with
the West Nile Virus.

         We recently  completed the  double-blind  segment of our AMP 516 ME/CFS
Phase III  clinical  trial for use of  Ampligen(R)  in the  treatment of ME/CFS.
Clinical data on the primary endpoint exercise  treadmill duration was presented
at the 17th International Conference on Anti-viral Research in Tucson, AZ on May
3, 2004. The data showed that patients  receiving Ampligen for 40 weeks improved
exercise  treadmill  performance  by a medically and  statistically  significant
amount compared to the Placebo group. New data was presented at the Interscience
Conference on  Antimicrobial  Agents and  Chemotherapy  on increases in exercise
capacity  with  Ampligen  and  Placebo  which were  correlated  with an improved
ability to utilize oxygen,  so called,  maximum oxygen  consumption or (VO2max).
VO2max has been previously shown by others to be decreased with individuals with
CFS. An  abnormal  exercise  stress  test,  including  a low VO2max,  could help
qualify CFS patients for disability under Social Security  Administration rules.
Additional  data on subset  analyses  showed  that both  Stratification  cohorts
(those with baseline exercise  treadmill duration greater than or less than nine
minutes) improved exercise capacity by over 6.5%, an amount considered medically
significant in other chronic diseases.

         Ampligen is also  currently in two Phase IIb studies for the  treatment
of HIV to overcome multi-drug resistance, virus mutation and toxicity associated
with current HAART  therapies.  One study,  the AMP-719,  is a Salvage  Therapy,
conducted in the U.S.  and  evaluating  the  potential  synergistic  efficacy of
Ampligen in multi-drug resistant HIV patients for immune enhancement. The second
study,  the  AMP-720,  is a clinical  trial  designed to evaluate  the effect of
Ampligen under  Strategic  Treatment  Intervention  and is also conducted in the
U.S.  Enrollment  in the AMP 719  study is  presently  on hold as we  focus  our
efforts on ramping up the AMP 720 study.

ME/CFS

         Over 230 patients  have  participated  in our ME/CFS Phase III clinical
trial. In August 2004, the remaining  patients completed drug dosing in the open
label segment (Stage II) of this Phase III protocol. We completed the randomized
placebo  controlled  phase  (Stage I) of this  study in  February  2004 and have
started  final data  collection  for the data  analysis.  This process  includes
validation and quality  assurance and should be completed by early 2005. As with
any experimental  drug being tested for use in treating human diseases,  the FDA
must approve the testing and clinical  protocols  employed and must render their
decision based on the safety and efficacy of the drug being tested. Historically
this is a long and costly process.  Our ME/CFS AMP 516 clinical study is a Phase
III study, which based on favorable  results,  will serve as the basis for us to
file a new drug  application  with the FDA.  The FDA review  process  could take
18-24 months and result in one of the  following  events;  1) approval to market
Ampligen(R)  for use in treating  ME/CFS  patients,  2) required more  research,
development,  and clinical  work,  3) approval to market as well as conduct more
testing,  or 4)reject our application.  Given these variables,  we are unable to
project when material net cash inflows are expected to commence from the sale of
Ampligen(R).
<PAGE>  49
HIV

         We  are   currently   focused   on   recruiting   additional   clinical
investigators and HIV patients to participate in the AMP 720 HIV clinical trial.
Our  efforts  to do this have been  somewhat  hampered  as most of our  clinical
resources  have been directed to completing the AMP 516 ME/CFS  clinical  trial.
Now that the AMP 516  patients  have  completed  the  randomized  segment of the
clinical trial,  we are devoting more resources  toward the AMP 720 HIV clinical
trial. Our AMP 719 HIV clinical trial has been put on hold at this time.

         The  Amp 720 HIV  study  is a  treatment  using a  Strategic  Treatment
Interruption  (STI). The patients'  antiviral HAART regimens are interrupted and
Ampligen(R) is substituted as mono-immunotherapy. Ampligen(R) is an experimental
immunotherapeutic  designed  to display  both  antiviral  and  immune  enhancing
characteristics.  Prolonged use of Highly Active Antiretroviral  Therapy (HAART)
has been associated with long-term,  potentially fatal, toxicities. The clinical
study  AMP  720  is  designed  to  address  these  issues  by   evaluating   the
administration of our lead experimental  agent,  Ampligen(R),  a double stranded
RNA drug acting potentially both as an immunomodulator and antiviral.  Patients,
who have  completed at least nine months of  Ampligen(R)  therapy,  were able to
stay off HAART for a total STI duration  with a mean time of 29.0 weeks  whereas
the control group,  which was also taken off HAART,  but not given  Ampligen(R),
had earlier HIV rebound with a mean  duration of 18.7 weeks.  Thus,  on average,
Ampligen(R)  therapy spared the patients  excessive  exposure to HAART, with its
inherent toxicities,  for more than 11 weeks. As more patients are enrolled, the
related clinical costs will continue to increase with some offset to our overall
expenses  due to the  diminishing  cost  of the  ME/CFS  clinical  trial.  It is
difficult  to estimate  the  duration or  projected  costs of these two clinical
trials  due to the  many  variables  involved,  i.e.:  patient  drop  out  rate,
recruitment  of clinical  investigators,  etc. The length of the study and costs
related to our clinical trials cannot be determined at this time as such will be
materially  influenced  by (a) the number of  clinical  investigators  needed to
recruit and treat the required  number of  patients,  (b) the rate of accrual of
patients and (c) the retention of patients in the studies and their adherence to
the  study  protocol  requirements.   Under  optimal  conditions,  the  cost  of
completing the studies could be approximately $2.0 to $3.0 million.  The rate of
enrollment  depends  on  patient  availability  and on other  products  being in
clinical  trials for the treatment of HIV, as there is competition  for the same
patient  population.  At  present,  more  than  18 FDA  approved  drugs  for HIV
treatment may compete for available  patients.  The length, and subsequently the
expense of these studies,  will also be determined by an analysis of the interim
data,  which  will  determine  when  completion  of  the  ongoing  Phase  IIb is
appropriate  and whether a Phase III trial be  conducted or not. In case a Phase
III study is required;  the FDA might require a patient population exceeding the
current one which will  influence  the cost and time of the trial.  Accordingly,
the number of "unknowns" is sufficiently  great to be unable to predict when, or
whether, we may obtain revenues from our HIV treatment indications.

         In  September,  2004 we  commenced  a clinical  trial  using  Alferon N
Injection to treat  patients  infected with the West Nile Virus.  The infectious
Disease  section of New York Queens  Hospital and the Weill  Medical  College of
Cornell  University will be conducting this  double-blinded,  placebo controlled
trial. During 2004, over 2,000 human cases of West Nile Virus have been reported
in 40 states.
<PAGE>  50
Manufacturing

         In order to obtain  Ampligen(R)  raw  materials of higher  quality (GMP
certified)  and  on  a  more  regular  production  basis,  we  have  implemented
consolidation  and transfer of relevant  manufacturing  operations  into our New
Brunswick, New Jersey facility. This consolidation and transfer of manufacturing
operations has been implemented as a recent  inspection of the Ribotech facility
in South Africa,  our previous supplier of Ampligen(R) raw materials,  indicated
that it did not,  at  present,  meet the  necessary  GMP  standards  for a fully
certified   commercial  process.  The  transfer  of  Ampligen(R)  raw  materials
manufacture to our own facilities,  while having obvious advantages with respect
to  regulatory  compliance  (other  parts of the  43,000 sq.  ft.  wholly  owned
facility are already in compliance for Alferon N manufacture), may delay certain
steps in the commercialization  process,  specifically a targeted NDA filing. To
facilitate  the  process,  we are in the  process of hiring a senior  regulatory
officer with specific  expertise in global quality  assurance for  multinational
pharmaceutical operations .

         In  connection   with  settling   various   manufacturing   infractions
previously  noted  by  the  FDA,  Schering-Plough  ("Schering")  entered  into a
"Consent  Decree"  with the FDA  whereby,  among  other  things,  it  agreed  to
discontinue various contract (third party)  manufacturing  activities at various
facilities  including its San Juan, Puerto Rico, plant.  Ampligen(R)  (which was
not involved in any of the cited  infractions)  was produced at this Puerto Rico
plant from year 2000-2004. Operating under instructions from the Consent Decree,
Schering has recently advised us that it would no longer manufacture Ampligen(R)
in this facility at the end of the  applicable  term (which is 4th quarter 2004)
and would  assist us in an  orderly  transfer  of said  activities  to other non
Schering  facilities.  Accordingly,  we  have  entered  into  a  Confidentiality
Agreement  with Mayne Pharma Pty,  Ltd  ("Mayne")  to lead to  reinitiation  and
expansion  of  its  Ampligen(R)  manufacturing  program.  We  are  currently  in
discussions with Mayne to provide us with proposals on manufacturing Ampligen(R)
at their  facility.  Mayne  (formerly  known as  Faulding  Pharma)  has  already
successfully manufactured Ampligen(R) several times for ongoing clinical trials,
and  maintains  a fully GMP  compliant  facility.  Simultaneously,  we expect to
qualify at least one other GMP facility to maintain a minimum of two independent
production   sites.  If  we  are  unable  to  engage  Mayne  and/or   additional
manufacturers in a timely manner,  our plans to file an NDA for Ampligen(R) and,
eventually, to market and sell Ampligen(R) will be delayed.

General and Administrative Expenses

         General and Administrative ("G&A") expenses for the year ended December
31, 2004 and 2003 were  approximately  $6,164,000 and $4,257,000,  respectively.
The increase in G&A expenses of  $1,907,000  during this period is primarily due
to non-cash charges of $2,000,000 for stock compensation expenses in 2004. These
stock  compensation  charges  consisted of  $1,769,000  resulting  from warrants
issued to Dr.  Carter in 2003 that  vested in 2004 and  directors'  fees paid in
2004 of  $231,000.  The  warrants  noted above  vested upon the second ISI asset
closing  which  occurred  on March 17,  2004.  Please  see  "Item 11.  Executive
Compensation."  contained  herein  for  more  details  on  how  Dr.  Carter  was
compensated.  In addition,  investment  banking fees  relating to  assistance in
financing   matters  increased  in  2004  as  compared  to  a  period  early  by
approximately  $124,000.  These  increases  were offset by a decrease in service
fees in 2004 of  approximately  $191,000 as compared  to a year  earlier.  These
services fees related to the acquisition of ISI.
<PAGE>  51
Impairment loss

         During the year ended December 31, 2004, we recorded a non-cash  charge
of $373,000 with respect to our investment in Chronix.  This impairment  reduces
our  carrying  value to reflect a permanent  decline in  Chronix's  market value
based on its then proposed investment offerings.

Other Income/Expense

         Interest and other income for the year ended December 31, 2004 and 2003
totaled $49,000 and $80,000,  respectively. All funds in excess of our immediate
need are invested in short-term high quality securities.

Interest Expense and Financing Costs

         Interest  expense and  financing  costs were  $12,543,000  for the year
ended  December  31,  2004  versus  $7,345,000  for the same  period a year ago.
Non-cash financing costs consist of the amortization of debenture closing costs,
the  amortization  of Original  Issue  Discounts and the  amortization  of costs
associated  with beneficial  conversion  features of our debentures and the fair
value of the warrants relating to the Debentures. These charges are reflected in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations under the caption "Financing Costs."

         In connection  with the redemption  obligation  recorded in conjunction
with the January 2004  Debentures,  we recorded  additional  financing  costs of
approximately $947,000 in the first quarter 2004. In the second quarter 2004, we
recorded a reduction in financing costs of  approximately  $260,000.  Please see
Note 7 in the  consolidated  financial  statements  contained  herein  for  more
details on these transactions.

Years Ended December 31, 2003 vs. 2002
--------------------------------------
         During the year ended December 31, 2003, we 1) acquired  certain assets
and patent rights to ALFERON N Injection(R), 2) privately placed the March 2003,
the July 2003,  and October 2003, 6%  convertible  debentures  with an aggregate
maturity value of $14,994,357 (gross proceeds of $12,850,000),  3) continued our
efforts to develop  Ampligen(R)  for the  treatment of patients  afflicted  with
ME/CFS and HIV,  4)  activated  the ISI New  Brunswick  production  facility  to
process  doses of Alferon N and 5) produced  some 21,000  doses of Alferon N for
sale in 2003.

Net loss

         Our net loss was approximately  $14,770,000 for the year ended December
31, 2003  versus a net loss of  $7,424,000  in 2002.  Per share loss in 2003 was
$0.42 cents versus a per share loss of $0.23 in 2002. This year-to-year increase
in  losses  of  $7,346,000  is  primarily  due to  non-cash  financing  costs of
$7,345,000  relating  to  our  March  2003,  July  2003,  and  October  2003  6%
convertible debentures. These non-cash charges account for 50% of our net losses
for the year ended December 31, 2003. In addition, our losses during this period
include  $957,000 in operating  expenses  relating to our new Alferon  division.
Solely for comparison purposes, excluding our 2003 losses for these two factors,
our losses were $6,468,000 in 2003 compared to $7,424,000 in 2002 or a reduction
totaling  $956,000.  This  was  primarily  due to a  decrease  in  research  and
development  direct costs of $1,800,000 in 2003 due to reduced costs  associated
with the development of Ampligen(R) to treat ME/CFS  patients.  During 2002, our
<PAGE>  52
AMP 516 ME/CFS Phase III clinical  trial was in full force and effect  therefore
increasing our  manufacturing  and clinical  support expenses during that period
(See "Research and Development Costs" below). This was offset by the recovery of
certain  legal  expenses  in 2002 of  approximately  $1,050,000  related  to the
Asensio lawsuit and trial from our insurance  carrier.  This recovery produced a
one-time  reduction in G&A Expenses  for 2002 (See  "General and  Administrative
Expenses" below).

Revenues

         Our revenues  were $657,000 in 2003 compared to revenues of $904,000 in
2002.  Our 2002  revenues  included a  licensing  fee  payment of  approximately
$563,000 which was not repeated in 2003.

         Revenues from our ME/CFS cost recovery treatment  programs  principally
underway in the U.S., Canada and Europe were $148,000 in 2003 versus $341,000 in
2002.  These clinical  programs allow us to provide  Ampligen(R)  therapy at our
cost to severely  debilitated  ME/CFS patients.  Under this program the patients
pay for the cost of Ampligen(R) doses infused.  These costs total  approximately
$7,200 for a 24 weeks treatment program. In addition,  since the March 11, 2003,
acquisition  of  inventory  from ISI,  revenues  from sales of ALFERON N totaled
$509,000.  Sales of Alferon N are  anticipated  to increase as we are  producing
more product and our marketing/sales programs are underway.

         Revenues  from  the  cost  recovery  treatment  programs  in 2002  were
$341,000 or 57% higher than 2003 revenues.  We expected  revenues in the U.S. to
decline due to our efforts to complete  the AMP 516 ME/CFS  Phase III trials and
the focus of our  clinical  resources on the start up of the AMP 719 and AMP 720
HIV clinical  trials.  The clinical data collected from treating  patients under
the cost recovery  treatment  programs will augment and  supplement the clinical
data collected in the U.S. AMP 516 Phase III ME/CFS trial.

         In 2002, We received a licensing fee of 625,000 Euros  ($563,000)  from
Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve S.A. ("Esteve") pursuant to a sales and distribution
agreement in which Esteve was granted the exclusive right to market  Ampligen(R)
in Spain,  Portugal and Andorra for the  treatment of ME/CFS in turn we provided
to Esteve technical scientific and commercial  information.  The agreement terms
require no additional performance by us.

         Since  acquiring the right to manufacture and market Alferon N in March
2003, we have focused on converting the work-in-progress inventory into finished
goods. This  work-in-progress  inventory included three production lots totaling
the  equivalent of  approximately  55,000 vials (doses) at various stages of the
manufacturing  process.  In August 2003, we released the first lot of product to
Abbott  Laboratories  for bottling and realized  some 21,000 vials of ALFERON N.
Preliminary  work has  started on  completing  the  second lot of  approximately
16,000 vials. Our production and quality control  personnel in the New Brunswick
facility are involved in the extensive  process of manufacturing  and validation
required by the FDA.  Plans are  underway for  completing  the third lot of some
18,000 vials now in very early stages of production.

         Our marketing  and sales plan for ALFERON N consists of engaging  sales
force  contract   organizations  and  supplementing  their  sales  efforts  with
marketing support. This marketing support would consist of building awareness of
ALFERON N with physicians as a successful and effective  treatment of refractory
on recurring external genital warts in patients of age 18 or older and to assist
primary prescribers in expanding their practice.
<PAGE>  53
         On August 18,  2003,  we entered into a sales and  marketing  agreement
with Engitech, LLC. to distribute ALFERON N on a nationwide basis. The agreement
stipulated that Engitech will deploy a sales force of 100 sales  representatives
within one year in the U.S. domestic market and further expand the sales team up
to 250 sales  representative  in the  second  year and after  that as many as it
takes to  continually  drive  market  share.  Engitech,  Inc.  is to develop and
implement  marketing  plans  including  extensive   scientific  and  educational
programs for use in marketing ALFERON N.

Production costs

         Production  costs were  $502,000 for the year ended  December 31, 2003.
These costs  reflect  approximately  $240,000 for the cost of sales of ALFERON N
Injection(R)  during the period of April 1, 2003 through  December 31, 2003.  In
addition,  we  recorded  $262,000  of  production  costs  at the  New  Brunswick
facility.  We ramped up the  facility  in April 2003 and started  production  on
three lots of Alferon N Injection(R)  work in process inventory of which one lot
was completed and is ready to be sold.

Research and Development costs

         Our  overall  research  and  development  direct  costs  in  2003  were
$3,150,000  compared  to  research  and  development  direct  costs  in  2002 of
$4,946,000.  These costs primarily  reflect the direct costs associated with our
effort to  develop  our lead  product,  Ampligen(R),  as a therapy  in  treating
chronic  diseases and cancers.  At this time,  this effort  consists of on-going
clinical trials involving patients with HIV. Our research and development direct
costs are  $1,796,000  lower in 2003 due to reduced  costs  associated  with the
development of Ampligen(R)  to treat ME/CFS  patients.  During 2002, our AMP 516
ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial  was in full  force  and  effect,  therefore,
increasing our manufacturing and clinical support expenses during that period.

         Our  strategy  is  to  develop  our  lead  compound,  the  experimental
immunotherapeutic  Ampligen(R),  to treat  chronic  diseases  for which there is
currently  no adequate  treatment  available.  We seek the  required  regulatory
approval,  which will allow the commercial  introduction  of Ampligen for ME/CFS
and HIV/AIDS in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Japan.

         We recently  completed the  double-blind  segment of our AMP 516 ME/CFS
Phase III  clinical  trial for use of  Ampligen(R)  in the  treatment of ME/CFS.
Ampligen is also  currently in two Phase IIb studies for the treatment of HIV to
overcome  multi-drug  resistance,  virus mutation and toxicity  associated  with
current HAART therapies. One study, the AMP-719, is a Salvage Therapy, conducted
in the U.S. and  evaluating  the potential  synergistic  efficacy of Ampligen in
multi-drug resistant HIV patients for immune enhancement.  The second study, the
AMP-720,  is a clinical  trial designed to evaluate the effect of Ampligen under
Strategic  Treatment  Intervention and is also conducted in the U.S. The AMP 719
study is presently on hold as we devote our efforts on the AMP 720 study.

AMP 516

         Over 230 patients  have  participated  in our ME/CFS Phase III clinical
trial.  Approximately  14 patients  are in the open label phase of the  clinical
process. We have completed the randomized placebo controlled phase of this study
and expect to complete data collection and start the data analysis  process with
the expectation of filing an NDA (New Drug  Application) with the FDA by the end
of 2004. As with any  experimental  drug being tested for use in treating  human
<PAGE>  54
diseases,  the FDA must approve the testing and clinical  protocols employed and
must render  their  decision  based on the safety and efficacy of the drug being
tested.  Historically  this is a long and  costly  process.  Our  ME/CFS AMP 516
clinical  study is a Phase III study,  which based on  favorable  results,  will
serve as the basis for us to file a new drug  application  with the FDA. The FDA
review  process  could  take 18-24  months  and  result in one of the  following
events;  1) approval to market  Ampligen(R) for use in treating ME/CFS patients,
2) required more research, development, and clinical work, 3) approval to market
as well as conduct  more  testing,  or  4)reject  our  application.  Given these
variables,  we are unable to project when material net cash inflows are expected
to commence from the sale of Ampligen(R).

AMP 719 and AMP 720

         We  are   currently   focused   on   recruiting   additional   clinical
investigators and HIV patients to participate in the AMP 720 HIV clinical trial.
Our efforts to do this have been  somewhat  hampered in late 2003 as most of our
clinical  resources have been directed to completing the AMP 516 ME/CFS clinical
trial.  Now that the AMP 516 patients have completed the  randomized  segment of
the clinical  trial,  we expect to devote more resources  toward the AMP 720 HIV
clinical trial.
Our AMP 719 HIV clinical trial has been put on hold at this time.

         In July 2003, Dr. Blick, a principal  investigator  in our HIV studies,
presented  updated results on our Amp 720 HIV study at the 2nd IAS CONFERENCE ON
HIV  PATHOGENESIS  AND TREATMENT in Paris France.  In this study using Strategic
Treatment Interruption (STI), patients' antiviral HAART regimens are interrupted
and  Ampligen(R)  is  substituted  as  mono-immunotherapy.   Ampligen(R)  is  an
experimental  immunotherapeutic  designed to display  both  antiviral  an immune
enhancing characteristics. Prolonged use of Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy
(HAART) has been associated with long-term,  potentially fatal, toxicities.  The
clinical  study AMP 720 is designed to address  these issues by  evaluating  the
administration of our lead experimental  agent,  Ampligen(R),  a double stranded
RNA drug acting potentially both as an immunomodulator and antiviral.  Patients,
who have  completed at least nine months of  Ampligen(R)  therapy,  were able to
stay off HAART for a total STI duration  with a mean time of 29.0 weeks  whereas
the control group,  which was also taken off HAART,  but not given  Ampligen(R),
had earlier HIV rebound with a mean  duration of 18.7 weeks.  Thus,  on average,
Ampligen(R)  therapy spared the patients  excessive  exposure to HAART, with its
inherent toxicities,  for more than 11 weeks. As more patients are enrolled, the
related clinical costs will continue to increase with some offset to our overall
expenses  due to the  diminishing  cost  of the  ME/CFS  clinical  trial.  It is
difficult  to estimate  the  duration or  projected  costs of these two clinical
trials  due to the  many  variables  involved,  i.e.:  patient  drop  out  rate,
recruitment  of clinical  investigators,  etc. The length of the study and costs
related to our clinical trials cannot be determined at this time as such will be
materially  influenced  by (a) the number of  clinical  investigators  needed to
recruit and treat the required  number of  patients,  (b) the rate of accrual of
patients and (c) the retention of patients in the studies and their adherence to
the  study  protocol  requirements.   Under  optimal  conditions,  the  cost  of
completing the studies could be approximately $2.0 to $3.0 million.  The rate of
enrollment  depends  on  patient  availability  and on other  products  being in
clinical  trials for the treatment of HIV, as there is competition  for the same
patient  population.  At  present,  more  than  18 FDA  approved  drugs  for HIV
treatment may compete for available  patients.  The length, and subsequently the
expense of these studies,  will also be determined by an analysis of the interim
data,  which  will  determine  when  completion  of  the  ongoing  Phase  IIb is
appropriate  and whether a Phase III trial be  conducted or not. In case a Phase
<PAGE>  55
III study is required;  the FDA might require a patient population exceeding the
current one which will  influence  the cost and time of the trial.  Accordingly,
the number of "unknowns" is sufficiently  great to be unable to predict when, or
whether, we may obtain revenues from our HIV treatment indications.

General and Administrative Expenses

         General and Administrative  expenses ("G&A") were $4,257,000 during the
year ended December 31, 2003,  which includes  $957,000 of expenses  relating to
our new Alferon Division and $237,000 for a non cash stock compensation  charge.
Excluding  the  Alferon  expenses,  our G&A costs were  $3,300,000  compared  to
$2,015,000 of expenses in 2002.  This increase of $1,285,000 is primarily due to
the  recovery  of certain  legal  expenses in 2002 of  approximately  $1,050,000
related to the  Asensio  lawsuit  and trial  from our  insurance  carrier.  This
recovery  produced a one time  reduction  in G&A  Expenses  for 2002.  Also,  we
recorded non-cash stock compensation expenses of $237,000 in 2003 as compared to
$133,000 in 2002.

Equity Loss-Unconsolidated Affiliates

         In the year ended  December 31, 2002, we recorded a non-cash  charge of
$1,470,000  to  operations  with respect to our  investments  in  unconsolidated
affiliates. $1,074,000 of these charges were related to our investment in R.E.D.
These charges were the result of our  determination  that R.E.D.'s  business and
financial  position had  deteriorated  to the point that our investment had been
permanently impaired.

         We also  recorded a non-cash  charge of  $292,000  with  respect to our
investment in Chronix Biomedical.  This impairment reduced our carrying value in
this investment to reflect a permanent  decline in Chronix's  market value based
on its then proposed investment offering.

         These  charges  are  reflected  in  the   Consolidated   Statements  of
Operations under the caption "Equity loss in unconsolidated  affiliate."  Please
see "RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT/COLLABORATIVE  AGREEMENTS" in Item 1. Business for
more details on these transactions.

Other Income/Expense

         Interest and other income totaled  $80,000 in 2003 compared to $103,000
recorded in 2002.  Lower cash available for investment  basically  accounted for
the difference as interest  rates remained  relatively low in 2003. All funds in
excess of our immediate need are invested in short-term high quality securities.

Interest Expense and Financing Costs

         Interest expense and financing costs were $7,598,000 in 2003.  Non-cash
financing costs consist of $581,000 for the  amortization  of debenture  closing
costs,   $1,066,000  for  the  amortization  of  Original  Issue  Discounts  and
$5,698,000 for the amortization of costs  associated with beneficial  conversion
features of the  debentures  and the fair value of the warrants  relating to the
March 2003, July 2003 and October 2003 6% convertible debentures.  These charges
are reflected in the  Consolidated  Statements  of Operations  under the caption
"Financing Costs." Please see Note 16 in the consolidated  financial  statements
contained herein for more details on these transactions.
<PAGE>  56
Liquidity And Capital Resources

         Cash used in operating  activities for the year ended December 31, 2004
was  $7,240,000.  Cash  provided  by  financing  activities  for the year  ended
December 31, 2004  amounted to  $19,085,000,  substantially  from  proceeds from
debenture offerings, the sale of common stock and the exercising of common stock
warrants.  As of December 31, 2004, we had approximately  $16,737,000 million in
cash and  short-term  investments.  These funds should be sufficient to meet our
operating cash requirements  including debt service for the near term.  However,
we may  need  to  raise  additional  funds  through  additional  equity  or debt
financing  or from other  sources in order to complete  the  necessary  clinical
trials and the regulatory  approval processes  including the  commercializing of
Ampligen(R)  products.  There can be no assurances  that we will raise  adequate
funds from these or other sources,  which may have a material  adverse effect on
our  ability to  develop  our  products.  Also,  we have the  ability to curtail
discretionary spending,  including some research and development activities,  if
required to conserve cash.

         Please  see  "Recent  Financing  And  Asset  Acquisitions"  in  Item 1.
Business and Note 4 - "Acquisition of Assets of Interferon  Sciences,  Inc." and
Note  7  -  "Debenture  Financing"  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements
contained herein for more details on our acquisition of assets and debenture and
stock financings.

         Because of our long-term  capital  requirements,  we may seek to access
the public equity market  whenever  conditions are favorable,  even if we do not
have an  immediate  need for  additional  capital at that time.  Any  additional
funding may result in  significant  dilution  and could  involve the issuance of
securities with rights, which are senior to those of existing  stockholders.  We
may  also  need  additional  funding  earlier  than  anticipated,  and our  cash
requirements,  in  general,  may vary  materially  from those now  planned,  for
reasons  including,  but not limited to, changes in our research and development
programs,   clinical  trials,   competitive  and  technological   advances,  the
regulatory  process,  and  higher  than  anticipated  expenses  and  lower  than
anticipated revenues from certain of our clinical trials for which cost recovery
from participants has been approved.



<PAGE>  57

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                                                     (dollars in thousands)
                                                                 Obligations Expiring by Period
 Contractual Cash Obligations        =======================================================================

            (Including Interest)                   Total               2005             2006           2007-2008
                                            ======================================================= ===============
<S>                                                    <C>                  <C>               <C>             <C>

Operating Leases                                        $445               $187              $193             $65

Convertible Debentures
October 29, 2003 $4,142,000 6%
Senior Convertible Debenture                           2,175               2,175              -                -
January 26, 2004 $4,000,000 6% Senior Convertible
Debenture                                              3,268               3,268              -                -

July 26, 2004 $2,000,000 6%
Senior Convertible Debenture                           2,120               1,413             707               -
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total                                               $8,000              $7,043            $900             $65
                                           ===================================== ================= ===============

</TABLE>

New Accounting Pronouncements

         In December  2004,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board (FASB)
issued Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004) (FASB
123R),  Shared-Based  Payment. FASB 123R will require the Corporation to expense
share-based  payments,  including  employee stock  options,  based on their fair
value.  The  Corporation  is  required  to adopt  the  provisions  of FASB  123R
effective as of the beginning of its third  quarter in 2005.  FASB 123R provides
alternative  methods of adoption,  which include  prospective  application and a
modified  retroactive  application.  The Corporation is currently evaluating the
financial impact, including the available alternative of adoption of FASB 123R.


Disclosure About Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

         Prior to our annual meeting of stockholders in September 2003, we had a
limited  number of shares of Common Stock  authorized but not issued or reserved
for  issuance  upon  conversion  or  exercise  of  outstanding  convertible  and
exercisable  securities such as debentures,  options and warrants.  Prior to the
meeting,  to permit consummation of the sale of the July 2003 Debentures and the
related  warrants,  Dr. Carter agreed that he would not exercise his warrants or
options unless and until our stockholders  approve an increase in our authorized
shares of common stock. For Dr. Carter's waiver of his right to exercise certain
options and warrants prior to approval of the increase in our authorized shares,
we have agreed to compensate Dr. Carter.

         In  connection  with  the  Debenture  agreements,  we have  outstanding
letters of credit of $1,000,000 as additional collateral.
<PAGE>  58
Critical Accounting Policies

         Financial  Reporting Release No. 60 requires all companies to include a
discussion of critical accounting policies or methods used in the preparation of
financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are described in Notes
to the Consolidated  Financial Statements.  The significant  accounting policies
that we believe are most  critical to aid in fully  understanding  our  reported
financial results are the following:

Revenue

         Revenues  for  non-refundable  license  fees are  recognized  under the
Performance  Method-Expected  Revenue. This method considers the total amount of
expected revenue during the performance period, but limits the amount of revenue
recognized  in a period to total  non-refundable  cash  received  to date.  This
limitation is appropriate  because future  milestone  payments are contingent on
future events.

         Upon  receipt,  the upfront  non-refundable  payment is  deferred.  The
non-refundable  upfront payments plus  non-refundable  payments arising from the
achievement of defined milestones are recognized as revenue over the performance
period based on the lesser of (a) percentage of completion or (b) non-refundable
cash earned (including the upfront payment).

         This method  requires the  computation  of a ratio of cost  incurred to
date to  total  expected  costs  and then  apply  that  ratio to total  expected
revenue. The amount of revenue recognized is limited to the total non-refundable
cash received to date.

         Revenue  from the sale of  Ampligen(R)  under  cost  recovery  clinical
treatment  protocols  approved by the FDA is  recognized  when the  treatment is
provided to the patient.

         Revenues  from the sale of product are  recognized  when the product is
shipped,  as title is transferred to the customer.  We have no other  obligation
associated with our products once shipment has occurred.

Patents and Trademarks

         Patents and  trademarks are stated at cost  (primarily  legal fees) and
are amortized using the  straight-line  method over the estimated useful life of
17 years We review our patents and trademark  rights  periodically  to determine
whether  they have  continuing  value.  Such review  includes an analysis of the
patent and  trademark's  ultimate  revenue  and  profitability  potential  on an
undiscounted   cash  basis  to  support  the  realizability  of  our  respective
capitalized cost. In addition, management's review addresses whether each patent
continues to fit into our strategic business plans.

Concentration of Credit Risk

         Financial  instruments  that  potentially  subject  us to credit  risks
consist of cash equivalents and accounts receivable.

         Our  policy  is to limit  the  amount  of  credit  exposure  to any one
financial   institution  and  place  investments  with  financial   institutions
evaluated as being credit  worthy,  or in short-term  money  markets,  which are
<PAGE>  59
exposed  to  minimal  interest  rate and credit  risks.  At times,  we have bank
deposits and  overnight  repurchase  agreements  that exceed  federally  insured
limits.

         Concentration  of credit risk, with respect to receivables,  is limited
through  our credit  evaluation  process.  We do not require  collateral  on our
receivables.  Our receivables  consist principally of amounts due from wholesale
drug companies as of December 31, 2004.


Item 7A.      Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

         Excluding  obligations to pay us for various licensing related fees, we
had  approximately  $16,737,000  in cash and  cash  equivalents  and  short-term
investments  at  December  31,  2004.  To the  extent  that  our  cash  and cash
equivalents  exceed our near term  funding  needs,  we invest the excess cash in
three to six month high  quality  interest  bearing  financial  instruments.  We
employ established conservative policies and procedures to manage any risks with
respect to investment exposure.

          We have not entered into,  and do not expect to enter into,  financial
instruments for trading or hedging purposes.


ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

         The consolidated  balance sheets as of December 31, 2003, and 2004, and
our consolidated  statements of operations,  changes in stockholders' equity and
comprehensive loss and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period
ended  December  31,  2004,  together  with  the  report  of BDO  Seidman,  LLP,
independent  registered  public  accountants,  are  included  at the end of this
report.  Reference is made to the "Index to Financial  Statements  and Financial
Statement Schedule" on page F-1.

ITEM  9.  Changes  in and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
Financial Disclosures.

         None.

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures.

Effectiveness of Control Procedures

         Our Chairman of the Board (serving as the principal  executive officer)
and the Chief  Financial  Officer  performed  an  evaluation  of our  disclosure
controls and  procedures,  which have been designed to permit us to  effectively
identify and timely  disclose  important  information.  They  concluded that the
controls and  procedures  were  effective as of December 31, 2004 to ensure that
material  information  was  accumulated  and  communicated  to  our  management,
including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial   Officer,   as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  During the
quarter ended December 31, 2004, we have made no change in our internal controls
over financial reporting that has materially  affected,  or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.

Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

         Our  management,  including the Chief  Executive  Officer and the Chief
Financial  Officer,  is responsible for  establishing  and maintaining  adequate
<PAGE>  60
internal  controls over financial  reporting,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934.  Our internal  controls were
designed to provide reasonable  assurance as to the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation and  presentation  of the  consolidated  financial
statements  for  external  purposes in  accordance  with  accounting  principles
generally  accepted in the United  States,  as well as to safeguard  assets from
unauthorized use or disposition.

         We  conducted  an  evaluation  of the  effectiveness  of  our  internal
controls over financial  reporting based on the framework in Internal Control --
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the
Treadway  Commission.  This evaluation  included review of the  documentation of
controls,  evaluation of the design  effectiveness  of controls,  testing of the
operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Through
this  evaluation,  we did not identify any material  weaknesses  in our internal
controls.  There are inherent  limitations in the effectiveness of any system of
internal controls over financial reporting; however, based on our evaluation, we
have  concluded  that  our  internal  controls  over  financial  reporting  were
effective as of December 31, 2004.

         BDO Seidman, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has
issued an attestation report on management's assessment of internal control over
financial reporting,  which is included in ITEM 9A.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting

To The Board of Directors and Stockholders:

     We have audited management's assessment, included in Management's Report on
Internal  Control Over Financial  Reporting,  that  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.
maintained  effective  internal control over financial  reporting as of December
31, 2004, based on criteria established in Internal Control'Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the Treadway  Commission
(the COSO criteria).  Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.'s management is responsible for
maintaining  effective  internal  control over  financial  reporting and for its
assessment of the  effectiveness of internal  control over financial  reporting.
Our  responsibility  is to express an opinion on managemen's  assessment and an
opinion on the  effectiveness  of the company's  internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.

     We  conducted  our audit in  accordance  with the  standards  of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and  perform  the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether
effective  internal  control over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in all
material  respects.  Our audit included  obtaining an  understanding of internal
control over financial reporting,  evaluating management's  assessment,  testing
and evaluating the design and operating  effectiveness of internal control,  and
performing   such  other   procedures   as  we   considered   necessary  in  the
circumstances.  We believe that our audit  provides a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

     A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial  statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
<PAGE>  61
financial  reporting  includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that, in reasonable  detail,  accurately and fairly
reflect the  transactions  and  dispositions  of the assets of the company;  (2)
provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use, or  disposition  of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

     Because  of its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial
reporting  may not prevent or detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of any
evaluation  of  effectiveness  to future  periods  are  subject to the risk that
controls may become  inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

     In our opinion,  management's  assessment that Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.
maintained  effective  internal control over financial  reporting as of December
31,  2004,  is  fairly  stated,  in all  material  respects,  based  on the COSO
criteria. Also, in our opinion,  Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. maintained,  in all
material  respects,  effective  internal control over financial  reporting as of
December 31, 2004, based on the COSO criteria.

     We have also audited,  in accordance  with  standards of the Public Company
Accounting  Oversight Board (United States),  the consolidated balance sheets of
Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. and  subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004 and 2003,
and the related consolidated statements of operations,  changes in stockholders'
equity and comprehensive loss, and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended  December 31, 2004, and our report dated February 4, 2005 expressed
an unqualified opinion thereon.


/s/ BDO SEIDMAN LLP
-----------------------------
Philadelphia, PA
February 4, 2005


ITEM 9B. Other Information.

         None.
<PAGE>  62

                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

         The following  sets forth  biographical  information  about each of our
directors and executive officers as of the date of this report:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         Name                                         Age               Position
         <S>                                         <C>                  <C>

         William A. Carter, M.D.                      67                Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and

         R.  Douglas Hulse                            61                President

         Robert E. Peterson                           68                Chief Financial Officer

         David R. Strayer, M.D.                       59                Medical Director, Regulatory Affairs

         Mei-June Liao, Ph.D.                         54                Vice President of Regulatory Affairs, Quality
                                                                        Control and Research and Development
         Robert Hansen                                61                Vice President of Manufacturing

         Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.                        55                Director of Process Development

         Richard C. Piani                             78                Director

         William M. Mitchell, M.D.                    70                Director

         Ransom W. Etheridge                          66                Director,  Secretary and General Counsel

         Iraj Eqbhal Kiani, Ph.D.                     59                Director
</TABLE>


     Each  director has been  elected to serve until the next annual  meeting of
stockholders,  or until his earlier  resignation,  removal from office, death or
incapacity.  Each  executive  officer  serves at the  discretion of the Board of
Directors, subject to rights, if any, under contracts of employment.

     WILLIAM A. CARTER,  M.D., the  co-inventor of Ampligen,  joined us in 1978,
and has served  as: (a) our Chief  Scientific  Officer  since May 1989;  (b) the
Chairman of our Board of Directors  since January 1992; (c) our Chief  Executive
Officer since July 1993; (d) our President since April, 1995; and (e) a director
since 1987. From 1987 to 1988, Dr. Carter served as our Chairman. Dr. Carter was
a leading  innovator in the  development  of human  interferon  for a variety of
treatment  indications  including various viral diseases and cancer.  Dr. Carter
received the first FDA approval to initiate clinical trials on a beta interferon
product  manufactured  in the U.S. under his  supervision.  From 1985 to October
1988, Dr. Carter served as our Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Scientist.  He
received his M.D.  degree from Duke  University and underwent his  post-doctoral
training at the National Institutes of Health and Johns Hopkins University.  Dr.
Carter also served as Professor  of  Neoplastic  Diseases at  Hahnemann  Medical
University,  a position he held from 1980 to 1998. Dr. Carter served as Director
of Clinical Research for Hahnemann Medical University's Institute for Cancer and
Blood  Diseases,  and as a professor at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and the
<PAGE>  63
State  University  of New  York at  Buffalo.  Dr.  Carter  is a Board  certified
physician and author of more than 200 scientific articles, including the editing
of various textbooks on anti-viral and immune therapy.

     R. DOUGLAS HULSE was appointed our President and Chief Operating Officer in
February 2005. Mr. Hulse has been an executive  director at Sage Group, Inc., an
international  organization providing senior level strategic management services
to the biotechnology and pharmaceutical  sector,  since 1995. Mr. Hulse is a Phi
Beta Kappa graduate of Princeton University with a cum laude degree in chemistry
and the holder of S.M. Degrees in both management and Chemical  Engineering from
M.I.T.,  previously  served as our Chief Operating Officer in 1996 and 1997. Mr.
Hulse devotes approximately 40 to 50% of his time to our business.

     ROBERT E. PETERSON has served as our Chief  Financial  Officer since April,
1993 and served as an  Independent  Financial  Advisor to us from 1989 to April,
1993. Also, Mr. Peterson has served as Vice President of the Omni Group, Inc., a
business  consulting  group based in Tulsa,  Oklahoma  since 1985.  From 1971 to
1984,  Mr.  Peterson  worked for PepsiCo,  Inc. and served in various  financial
management  positions  including Vice President and Chief  Financial  Officer of
PepsiCo Foods International and PepsiCo  Transportation,  Inc. Mr. Peterson is a
graduate of Eastern New Mexico University.

     DAVID R.  STRAYER,  M.D. who served as Professor of Medicine at the Medical
College of  Pennsylvania  and  Hahnemann  University,  has acted as our  Medical
Director  since 1986.  He is Board  Certified  in Medical  Oncology and Internal
Medicine  with  research  interests  in the fields of cancer  and immune  system
disorders. Dr. Strayer has served as principal investigator in studies funded by
the Leukemia Society of America,  the American Cancer Society,  and the National
Institutes  of  Health.  Dr.  Strayer  attended  the School of  Medicine  at the
University of California at Los Angeles where he received his M.D. in 1972.

     MEI-JUNE LIAO,  Ph.D.  has served as Vice President of Regulatory  Affairs,
Quality and Research & Development  since October 2003 and as Vice  President of
Research  &  Development  since  March  2003  with   responsibilities   for  the
regulatory,  quality control and product  development of Alferon(R).  Before the
acquisition  of certain  assets of ISI, Dr. Liao was Vice  President of Research
and Development  from 1995 to 2003 and held senior positions in the Research and
Development  Department  of ISI from 1983 to 1994.  Dr. Liao  received her Ph.D.
from Yale University in 1980 and completed a three year postdoctoral appointment
at the  Massachusetts  Institute  of  Technology  under the  direction  of Nobel
Laureate in Medicine,  Professor H. Gobind  Khorana.  Dr. Liao has authored many
scientific publications and invention disclosures.

         ROBERT HANSEN joined us as Vice President of Manufacturing in 2003 upon
the  acquisition of certain assets of ISI. He is responsible for the manufacture
of Alferon N(R).  Mr. Hansen had been Vice  President of  Manufacturing  for ISI
since 1997, and served in various capacities in manufacturing  since joining ISI
in 1987. He has a B.S. degree in Chemical  Engineering from Columbia  University
in 1966.
<PAGE>  64
     CAROL A. SMITH, Ph.D. is Director of Process  Development and has served as
our  Director of  Manufacturing  and Process  Development  since April 1995,  as
Director of  Operations  since 1993 and as the Manager of Quality  Control  from
1991 to 1993, with responsibility for the manufacture,  control and chemistry of
Ampligen(R).  Dr.  Smith was  Scientist/Quality  Assurance  Officer for Virotech
International,  Inc. from 1989 to 1991 and Director of the Reverse Transcriptase
and Interferon  Laboratories and a Clinical Monitor for Life Sciences, Inc. from
1983 to 1989.  She  received  her Ph.D.  from the  University  of South  Florida
College  of  Medicine  in  1980  and  was an  NIH  post-doctoral  fellow  at the
Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine.

     RICHARD  C.  PIANI  has been a  director  since  1995.  Mr.  Piani has been
employed  as a  principal  delegate  for  Industry  to the City of  Science  and
Industry,  Paris,  France, a billion dollar scientific and educational  complex.
Mr. Piani provided  consulting to us in 1993,  with respect to general  business
strategies for our European operations and markets. Mr. Piani served as Chairman
of Industrielle du Batiment-Morin,  a building materials corporation,  from 1986
to 1993. Previously Mr. Piani was a Professor of International Strategy at Paris
Dauphine  University  from 1984 to 1993.  From 1979 to 1985, Mr. Piani served as
Group  Director  in  Charge  of   International   and  Commercial   Affairs  for
Rhone-Poulenc  and from 1973 to 1979 he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Societe "La  Cellophane",  the French company which  invented  cellophane and
several  other  worldwide  products.  Mr. Piani has a Law degree from Faculte de
Droit, Paris Sorbonne and a Business Administration degree from Ecole des Hautes
Etudes Commerciales, Paris.

     RANSOM W.  ETHERIDGE has been a director  since October 1997, and presently
serves  as our  secretary  and  general  counsel.  Mr.  Etheridge  first  became
associated  with  us in 1980  when he  provided  consulting  services  to us and
participated  in  negotiations  with  respect to our initial  private  placement
through  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Mr.  Etheridge  has been  practicing  law since
1967,  specializing  in  transactional  law.  Mr.  Etheridge  is a member of the
Virginia  State  Bar,  a  Judicial  Remedies  Award  Scholar,  and has served as
President  of the  Tidewater  Arthritis  Foundation.  He is a  graduate  of Duke
University,  and received his Law degree from the University of Richmond  School
of Law.

     WILLIAM M. MITCHELL,  M.D.,  Ph.D. has been a director since July 1998. Dr.
Mitchell  is a  Professor  of  Pathology  at  Vanderbilt  University  School  of
Medicine.  Dr.  Mitchell  earned a M.D. from  Vanderbilt and a Ph.D.  from Johns
Hopkins University,  where he served as an Intern in Internal Medicine, followed
by a Fellowship at its School of Medicine.  Dr.  Mitchell has published over 200
papers,  reviews and abstracts  dealing with viruses and anti-viral  drugs.  Dr.
Mitchell  has worked for and with many  professional  societies,  including  the
International  Society for Interferon Research,  and committees,  among them the
National  Institutes of Health,  AIDS and Related  Research  Review  Group.  Dr.
Mitchell previously served as one of our directors from 1987 to 1989.

     IRAJ EQHBAL KIANI,  M.B.A.,  Ph.D., was appointed to the Board of Directors
on May 1,  2002.  Dr.  Kiani is a citizen  of England  and  resides in  Newport,
California.  Dr. Kiani served in various local government position including the
Governor of Yasoi,  Capital of  Boyerahmand,  Iran. In 1980,  Dr. Kiani moved to
England,  where he  established  and managed  several  trading  companies over a
period of some 20 years. Dr. Kiani is a planning and logistic  specialist who is
now  applying  his  knowledge  and  experience  to build a worldwide  immunology
network, which will use our proprietary technology. Dr. Kiani received his Ph.D.
degree from the University of Warwick in England.
<PAGE>  65
    Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

         Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and  directors,
and  persons  who own more  than ten  percent  of a  registered  class of equity
securities,  to  file  reports  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
reflecting  their  initial  position  of  ownership  on  Form 3 and  changes  in
ownership  on Form 4 or Form 5.  Based  solely on a review of the copies of such
Forms received by us, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2004, all of our officers,  directors and ten percent stockholders complied with
all applicable Section 16(a) filing  requirements on a timely basis, except that
Dr. Esteve, a former director, and Mr. Kiani did not file a Form 3.

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Expert

     Audit Committee.  Our Audit Committee of the Board of Directors consists of
Richard Piani, Committee Chairman, William Mitchell, M.D. and Iraj-Eqhbal Kiani.
Mr. Piani, Dr. Mitchell and Iraj-Eqhbal Kiani are Independent  Directors.  We do
not have a financial  expert as defined in  Securities  and Exchange  Commission
rules on the committee in the true sense of the description.  However, Mr. Piani
is a  Businessman  and has 40 years  of  experience  of  working  with  budgets,
analyzing  financials  and dealing with financial  institutions.  We believe Mr.
Piani,  Dr. Mitchell and  Iraj-Eqhbal  Kiani to be independent of management and
free of any relationship that would interfere with their exercise of independent
judgment as members of this  committee.  Our audit  committee is responsible for
annually  recommending  independent   accountants,   preparing  the  reports  or
statements as may be required by AMEX or the securities laws, and reviewing: (i)
the  adequacy of our system of internal  accounting  controls;  (ii) our audited
financial  statements and reports and discussing the statements and reports with
management,  including any  significant  adjustments,  management  judgments and
estimates, new accounting policies and disagreements with management;  and (iii)
disclosures by independent accountants concerning relationships with our company
and the performance of our independent accountants

Code of Ethics

         Our Board of Directors  adopted a code of ethics and  business  conduct
for officers,  directors  and  employees  that went into effect on May 19, 2003.
This  code has  been  presented  and  reviewed  by each  officer,  director  and
employee.  You may  obtain  a copy of this  code  by  visiting  our web  site at
www.hemispherx.net  (Corporate Info) or by written request to our office at 1617
JFK Boulevard, Suite 660, Philadelphia, PA 19103.


    Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

         The  summary   compensation   table  below  sets  forth  the  aggregate
compensation paid or accrued by us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002 to (i) our Chief  Executive  Officer and (ii) our five most highly
paid  executive  officers  other  than the CEO who  were  serving  as  executive
officers at the end of the last  completed  fiscal  year and whose total  annual
salary and bonus exceeded $100,000 (collectively, the "Named Executives").
<PAGE>  66
                             EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Name and Principal Position   Year          Salary ($)            Restricted      Warrants & Options   All Other
                                                                  Stock Awards    Awards               Compensation(1)
<S>                             <C>            <C>                <C>             <C>                  <C>
----------------------------- ------------- --------------------- --------------- -------------------- ---------------
William A. Carter             2004           (2)605,175                 -         (3)  320,000            $32,003
  Chairman of                 2003           (2)582,461                 -         (4)1,450,000             28,375
the            Board and CEO  2002           (2)565,514                 -         (5)1,000,000             24,747
                                                                        -

Robert E. Peterson            2004          (6) 221,242                 -         (7)   63,824               -
  Chief                       2003          (6) 193,816(6)              -                  -                 -
Financial                     2002              187,689                 -         (5)  200,000               -
         Officer

David R. Strayer, M.D.        2004              180,394                 -         (8)   10,000               -
  Medical Director            2003              190,096                 -                  -                 -
                              2002              178,594                 -         (5)   50,000               -



Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.         2004              134,658                -         (8)    10,000               -
  Director                    2003              140,576                -                  -                  -
of                            2002              128,346                -         (5)    20,000               -
Process Development


Mei-June Liao, Ph.D., V.P.    2004              149,000               -         (8)    10,000                -
of Quality Control            2003          (9) 100,575               -                  -                   -
                              2002                  -                 -                  -                   -

Robert Hansen                 2004              132,000               -         (8)    10,000                -
V.P. of Manufacturing         2003           (9)104,500               -                  -                   -
                              2002                   -                -                  -                   -
----------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Consists of  insurance  premiums  paid by us with  respect to term life and
     disability insurance for the benefit of the named
         executive officer.

(2)  Includes  bonuses of $96,684,  $99,481 and $121,035 in 2002, 2003 and 2004,
     respectively.


(3)  Consist of a stock option grant of 320,000 shares  exercisable at $2.60 per
     share.


(4)  Represents   warrants  to  purchase   1,450,000   shares  of  common  stock
     exercisable at $2.20 per share.

(5)  Represents  number of options to purchase  shares of common stock at $2 per
     share.
<PAGE>  67
(6)  2002  includes a bonus of $36,634 and 2003 includes a bonus of $37,830 both
     paid in 2004, 2004 includes a bonus of $44,248 paid in 2005.

(7)  Consist of stock option  grant of 50,000  shares  exercisable  at $3.44 per
     share and 13,824 stock options to purchase common stock at $2.60 per share.

(8)  Consists of stock option grant exercisable at $1.90 per share.

(9)  Compensation since March 2003. Employed by ISI prior to that.

         The following  table sets forth  certain  information  regarding  stock
options  granted  during  2004 to the  executive  officers  named in the Summary
Compensation Table.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

------------------ ------------------------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------------------------
                            Individual Grants
------------------ ------------------------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------------------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------------------------
      Name            Number Of        Percentage Of      Exercise    Expiration Date    Potential Realizable Value At
                                       Total Options
                      Securities        Granted To
                      Underlying       Employees In
                       Warrants         Fiscal Year      Price Per                       Assumed Rates Of Stock Price
                       Granted            2004(1)        Share (2)                       Appreciation For Options Term
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------------------------
<S>                    <C>                 <C>                <C>            <C>            <C>                 <C>
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                                                                                            5% (3)           10%(3)
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------

Carter, W.A.                320,000               50.5         $2.60      9/7/14             $1,357,130       $2,161,355
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------

Peterson, R.          50,000 13,864               10.1          3.44      6/22/14               280,170          446,123
                                                                2.60      9/7/14                 58,627           93,369
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------

Strayer, D.                  10,000                1.6          1.90      12/7/14                30,949           49,498
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------

Smith, C.                    10,000                1.6          1.90      12/7/14                30,949           49,498
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------

Liao, M.                     10,000                1.6          1.90      12/7/14                30,949           49,498
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------

Hansen, R.                   10,000                1.6          1.90      12/7/14                30,949           49,498
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
</TABLE>

(1)      Total stock options issued to employees in 2004 were 633,080.

(2)      The exercise price is equal to the closing price of our common stock at
         the date of issuance.

(3)      Potential  realizable  value is based on an assumption  that the market
         price of the common stock  appreciates  at the stated rates  compounded
         annually, from the date of grant until the end of the respective option
         term. These values are calculated based on requirements  promulgated by
         the Securities and Exchange  Commission and do not reflect our estimate
         of future stock price appreciation.

<PAGE>  68


The      following  table sets forth  certain  information  regarding  the stock
         options  held as of December 31, 2004 by the  individuals  named in the
         above Summary Compensation Table.

                 AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
                        AND FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUE
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         Securities Underlying   Unexercised     Value of Unexercised
                                                         Warrants/                               In-the-Money-Options At Fiscal
                                                         Options at Fiscal Year  End Numbers     Year End (1)
                                                                                                 Dollars
Name                    Shares          Value Realized      Exercisable          Unexercisable    Exercisable       Unexercisable
                        Acquired on     ($)
                        Exercise (#)
----------------------- --------------- ---------------- ---------------- ------------------- ----------------- ------------------
<S>                            <C>            <C>              <C>                   <C>             <C>                 <C>
----------------------- --------------- ---------------- ---------------- ------------------- ----------------- ------------------
William Carter                -                -            5,325,378(2)          250,000(3)           $69,750                 $0
Robert Peterson               -                -              453,750(4)                   0                 0                  0
David Strayer                 -                -              130,000(5)           10,000(7)                 0                  0
Carol Smith                   -                -               41,791(6)           10,000(7)                 0                  0
Mei-June Liao                 -                -                       -           10,000(7)                 0                  0
Robert Hansen                 -                -                       -           10,000(7)                 0                  0
</TABLE>
----------------------------
(1)      Computation based on $1.90, the December 31, 2004 closing bid price for
         the common stock on the American Stock Exchange.

(2)      Consist of (i) 750,000 warrants exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring
         on August 13, 2007 (ii) 188,325 warrants exercisable at $6.00 per share
         expiring on February 22, 2006 (iii)  188,325  warrants  exercisable  at
         $9.00 per share expiring on February 22, 2006 (iv)  1,450,000  warrants
         to purchase  common  stock at $2.20 per share  expiring on September 8,
         2008, (v) 320,000 stock option  exercisable at $2.60 per share expiring
         on September 7, 2014 and (vi) 73,728 stock options exercisable at $2.71
         per share until exercised. Also includes  2,355,000warrants and options
         held in the name of Carter  Investments,  L.C. of which W.A.  Carter in
         the  principal  beneficiary.  These  securities  consist of (i) 170,000
         warrants  exercisable  at  $4.00  per  share  expiring  on  January  1,
         2008,(ii)  300,000 warrants  exercisable at $6.00 per share expiring on
         January 1, 2006 (iii) 20,000  warrants  exercisable  at $4.00 per share
         expiring on 2008,(iv) 465,000 warrants exercisable at $1.75 expiring on
         January 1, 2008, and 1,400,000 warrants  exercisable at $3.50 per share
         expiring on September 30, 2007.

(3)      Consists of (i) 250,000 warrants exercisable at $2.00 per share
         expiring on August 13, 2007.

(4)      Consists of (i) 10,000  stock  options  exercisable  at $4.03 per share
         expiring on January 3, 2011 (ii) 13,750 stock  options  exercisable  at
<PAGE>  69
        $3.50 per share  expiring on January 22, 2007,  (iii) 200,000  warrants
         exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on August 13, 2007, (iv) 50,000
         warrants  exercisable  at $3.50  expiring on March 1, 2006, (v) 100,000
         warrants  exercisable  at $5.00 per share  expiring on April 14,  2006,
         (vi)  30,000  warrants  exercisable  at $5.00  per  share  expiring  on
         February 28, 2009 and 50,000 options to purchase  common stock at $3.44
         per share expiring June 22, 2014.

(5)      Consists of (i) 50,000 warrants exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring
         on August 13, 2007, (ii) 50,000 warrants exercisable at $4.00 per share
         expiring on February 28, 2008,  (iii) 10,000 stock options  exercisable
         at $4.03  expiring  on January 3, 2011 and (iv)  20,000  stock  options
         exercisable at $3.50 per share expiring on January 22, 2007.

(6)      Consists of (i) 20,000 warrants exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring
         on August 13, 2007, (ii) 5,000 warrants  exercisable at $4.00 per share
         expiring on June 7, 2008,  (iii) 10,000 stock  options  exercisable  at
         $4.03 per share  expiring  on  January 3,  2016,  and (iv) 6,791  stock
         options exercisable at $3.50 per share expiring on January 22, 2007.

(7)      Consists of options to purchase common stock at $1.90 per share
         expiring on December 7, 2014.

In September 2003, our Board of Directors changed the non-employee  Board Member
compensation to be 50% cash and 50% stock. The Board's stock  compensation is to
be paid on the first day of each  calendar  quarter.  The number of shares  paid
shall have a value of $12,500 with the value of the shares being  determined  by
the closing price of our common stock on the American Stock Exchange on the last
trading  day of the  preceding  quarter.  In no event shall the number of shares
issued under this plan exceed 1,000,000 shares over a ten year period.

Employment and Change in Control Agreements

         On March 11, 2005, our board of directors, at the recommendation of the
Compensation  Committee,  approved an amended and restated employment  agreement
and an amended and restated engagement agreement with Dr. William A. Carter.

         The amended and restated employment agreement provides for Dr. Carter's
employment as our Chief  Executive  Officer and Chief  Scientific  Officer until
December  31,  2010  unless  sooner  terminated  for  cause or  disability.  The
agreement automatically renews for successive one year periods after the initial
termination  date unless we or Dr. Carter give written notice otherwise at least
ninety days prior to the termination date or any renewal period.  Dr. Carter has
the right to terminate  the  agreement  on 30 days' prior  written  notice.  The
initial  base  salary  retroactive  to January 1, 2005 is  $290,888,  subject to
adjustment based on the average increase or decrease in the Consumer Price Index
for the prior year. In addition,  Dr. Carter could receive an annual performance
bonus  of up to  25%  of  his  base  salary,  at  the  sole  discretion  of  the
Compensation  Committee of the board of directors,  based on his  performance or
our  operating  results.  Dr.  Carter will not  participate  in any  discussions
concerning the determination of his annual bonus. Dr. Carter is also entitled to
an incentive  bonus of 0.5% of the gross proceeds  received by us from any joint
venture  or  corporate  partnering  arrangement.  Dr.  Carter's  agreement  also
<PAGE>  70
provides that he be paid a base salary and benefits  through the last day of the
then term of the agreement if he is terminated without "cause",  as that term is
defined in agreement. In addition,  should Dr. Carter terminate the agreement or
the  agreement  be  terminated  due to his death or  disability,  the  agreement
provides that Dr Carter be paid a base salary and benefits  through the last day
of the month in which the  termination  occurred  and for an  additional  twelve
month period. Pursuant to his original agreement, Dr. Carter was granted options
to purchase  73,728 (post split)  shares in 1991.  The exercise  period of these
options  is  extended  through  December  31,  2010  and,  should  Dr.  Carter's
employment agreement be extended beyond that date, the option exercise period is
further extended to the last day of the extended employment period.

         The amended and restated engagement  agreement,  retroactive to January
1, 2005,  provides for our  engagement of Dr. Carter as a consultant  related to
patent  development,  as one of our  directors  and as chairman of the Executive
Committee  of our board of  directors  until  December  31, 2010  unless  sooner
terminated  for cause or  disability.  The  agreement  automatically  renews for
successive  one year periods after the initial  termination  date or any renewal
period.  Dr.  Carter has the right to terminate  the agreement on 30 days' prior
written notice. The initial base fee as of January 1, 2004 is $207,777,  subject
to annual  adjustments  equal to the  percentage  increase or decrease of annual
dollar value of directors' fees provided to our directors during the prior year.
The annual fee is further subject to adjustment based on the average increase or
decrease in the Consumer Price Index for the prior year. In addition, Dr. Carter
could receive an annual  performance  bonus of up to 25% of his base fee, at the
sole direction of the Compensation Committee of the board of directors, based on
his performance.  Dr. Carter will not participate in any discussions  concerning
the  determination  of this annual bonus.  Dr. Carter's  agreement also provides
that he be paid  his  base fee  through  the  last  day of the then  term of the
agreement if he is terminated  without  "cause",  as that term is defined in the
agreement.  In  addition,  should Dr.  Carter  terminate  the  agreement  or the
agreement be terminated due to his death or disability,  the agreement  provides
that Dr.  Carter be paid fees due him through the last day of the month in which
the termination occurred and for an additional twelve month period.

         On February 14, 2005 we entered  into an agreement  with The Sage Group
of  Branchburg,  New Jersey for R. Douglas Hulse,  an Executive  Director of The
Sage Group, to serve as President and Chief Operating Officer of our company. In
addition,  other  Sage  Group  principals  and  Senior  Directors  will  be made
available  to assist as needed.  The  engagement  is expected to continue  for a
period of 18 months;  however,  it is  terminable  on 30 days written  notice by
either party after 12 months.  Compensation  for the services include a ten year
warrant to purchase  250,000  shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
$1.55. These warrants are to be issued to Sage Healthcare Advisors,  LLC and are
to vest at the rate of 12,500 per month of the  engagement  with 25,000  vesting
upon completion of the eighteenth month.  Vesting  accelerates in the event of a
merger or a purchase of a majority of our assets or equity.  The Sage Group also
is to receive a monthly retainer of $10,000 for the period of the engagement. In
addition, for each calendar year (or part thereof) during which the agreement is
in effect,  The Sage Group will be entitled to an  incentive  bonus in an amount
equal to 0.5% of the gross  proceeds  received  by us during  such year from any
joint ventures or corporate  partnering  arrangements.  After termination of the
agreement,  The Sage Group will only be entitled to receive the incentive  bonus
based upon gross proceeds  received by us during the two year period  commencing
on the  termination  of the  agreement  with  respect to any joint  ventures  or
corporate  partnering  arrangements  entered  into by us during  the term of the
agreement.  Mr. Hulse will devote approximately two to two and one half days per
week to our business.

         We entered  into an  engagement  agreement,  retroactive  to January 1,
2005, with Ransom W. Etheridge which provides for Mr. Etheridge's  engagement as
our General  Counsel until December 31, 2009 unless sooner  terminated for cause
<PAGE>  71
or  disability.  The  agreement  automatically  renews for  successive  one year
periods  after the  initial  termination  date unless we or Mr.  Etheridge  give
written notice  otherwise at least ninety days prior to the termination  date or
any renewal period. Mr. Etheridge has the right to terminate the agreement on 30
days' prior written  notice.  The initial annual fee for services is $96,000 and
is annually  subject to adjustment  based on the average increase or decrease in
the Consumer  Price Index for the prior year.  Mr.  Etheridge's  agreement  also
provides  that he be paid all fees  through the last day of then current term of
the agreement if he is terminated without "cause" as that term is defined in the
agreement.  In addition,  should Mr.  Etheridge  terminate  the agreement or the
agreement be terminated due to his death or disability,  the agreement  provides
that Mr. Etheridge be paid the fees due him through the last day of the month in
which the termination  occurred and for an additional  twelve month period.  Mr.
Etheridge will devote approximately 85% of his business time to our business.

         We  entered  into  an  amended  and  restated   engagement   agreement,
retroactive  to January 1, 2005,  with Robert E. Peterson which provides for Mr.
Peterson's  engagement as our Chief  Financial  Officer until  December 31, 2010
unless sooner terminated for cause or disability.  Mr. Peterson has the right to
terminate the agreement on 30 days' prior written notice. The initial annual fee
for  services is  $202,680  and is annually  subject to  increases  based on the
average increase in the cost of inflation index for the prior year. Mr. Peterson
shall receive an annual bonus in each year that our Chief  Executive  Officer is
granted a bonus.  The bonus  shall equal a  percentage  of Mr.  Peterson's  base
annual  compensation  comparable to the  percentage  bonus received by the Chief
Executive  Officer.  In addition,  Mr. Peterson shall receive bonus compensation
upon Federal Drug Administration approval of commercial application of Ampligen.
Mr. Peterson's agreement also provides that he be paid all fees through the last
day of then current term of the agreement if he is terminated without "cause" as
that  term is  defined  in the  agreement.  In  addition,  should  Mr.  Peterson
terminate  the  agreement  or the  agreement be  terminated  due to his death or
disability,  the agreement  provides that Mr.  Peterson be paid the fees due him
through the last day of the month in which the  termination  occurred and for an
additional  twelve month period.  Mr. Peterson will devote  approximately 85% of
his business time to our business.

On March 11,  2005 the Board of  Directors,  deeming  it  essential  to the best
interests  of our  shareholders  to  foster  the  continuous  engagement  of key
management  personnel  and  recognizing  that, as is the case with many publicly
held  corporations,  a change of control might occur and that such  possibility,
and the uncertainty and questions which it might raise among  management,  might
result in the departure or distraction of management  personnel to the detriment
of our company and our  shareholders,  determined to reinforce and encourage the
continued  attention  and  dedication  of  members  of our  management  to their
engagement   without   distraction  in  the  face  of   potentially   disturbing
circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in control of our company
and entered into identical  agreements  regarding change in control with William
A. Carter, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific  Officer,  Robert E.
Peterson,  our Chief  Financial  Officer  and Ransom W.  Etheridge,  our General
Counsel.  Each of the agreements  regarding  change in control became  effective
March  11,  2005  and  continue  through  December  31,  2007 and  shall  extend
automatically  to the third  anniversary  thereof  unless we give  notice to the
other party prior to the date of such extension that the agreement term will not
be extended. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a change in control occurs during
the term of the agreements, the term of the agreements will continue through the
second anniversary of the date on which the change in control occurred.  Each of
the  agreements  entitles  William A. Carter,  Robert E.  Peterson and Ransom W.
<PAGE>  72
Etheridge,  respectively,  to change of  control  benefits,  as  defined  in the
agreements  and  summarized   below,   upon  their  respective   termination  of
employment/engagement  with our company during a potential change in control, as
defined  in the  agreements  or after a change in  control,  as  defined  in the
agreements,  when  their  respective  terminations  are caused (1) by us for any
reason other than permanent disability or cause, as defined in the agreement (2)
by  William  A.  Carter,   Robert  E.  Peterson   and/or  Ransom  W.  Etheridge,
respectively,  for good reason as defined in the agreement or, (3) by William A.
Carter,  Robert E. Peterson  and/or Ransom W.  Etheridge,  respectively  for any
reason during the 30 day period commencing on the first date which is six months
after the date of the change in control.

The benefits for each of the foregoing executives would be as follows:

o A lump sum cash  payment  of three  times his base  salary  and  annual  bonus
amounts; and o Outplacement benefits.

Each  agreement  also  provides  that the  executive is entitled to a "gross-up"
payment  to make him whole  for any  federal  excise  tax  imposed  on change of
control or severance payments received by him.

Dr. Carter's agreement also provides for the following benefits:

o Continued insurance coverage through the third anniversary of his termination;
and o Retirement  benefits computed as if he had continued to work for the above
period.





Compensation of Directors

         The  compensation  package  for Members of the Board of  Directors  was
changed on September 9, 2003.  Board member  compensation  consists of an annual
retainer of $100,000 to be paid 50% in cash and 50% in Company common stock.  On
September 9, 2003 the Directors  approved a 10 year plan which  authorizes up to
1,000,000 shares for use in supporting this compensation plan. In addition,  all
non-employee  directors  received some  compensation in 2003 for special project
work performed on our behalf. This project work ceased as of September 30, 2003.
All directors have been granted options to purchase common stock under our Stock
Option  Plans  and/or  Warrants  to  purchase  common  stock.  We  believe  such
compensation  and payments  are  necessary in order for us to attract and retain
qualified outside directors.

2004 Equity Incentive Plan

         Our 2004 Equity  Incentive Plan ("2004 Plan") provides for the grant of
non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock and other stock awards to our employees,  directors, officers, consultants
and advisors  for the  purchase of up to an  aggregate  of  8,000,000  shares of
common stock. The 2004 plan is administered by the board of directors, which has
complete  discretion to select eligible  individuals to receive and to establish
the terms of grants  under the plan.  Stock  options  awarded  under the  Equity
Incentive  Plan may be  exercisable at such times (not later than 10 years after
the date of grant) and at such exercise  prices (not less than fair market value
at the date of  grant) as the Board may  determine.  The Board may  provide  for
options to become immediately  exercisable upon a "change in control" as defined
in the plan. The number of shares of common stock  available for grant under the
2004 Plan is subject to adjustment for changes in capitalization. As of December
<PAGE>  73
31, 2004, 7,366,920 shares were available for grants under the 2004 Plan. Unless
sooner  terminated,  the Equity  Incentive  Plan will  continue  in effect for a
period of 10 years from its effective date

1990 Stock Option Plan

         Our 1990 Stock Option Plan, as amended ("1990 Plan"),  provides for the
grant of options to our employees, directors, officers, consultants and advisors
for the purchase of up to an aggregate of 460,798  shares of common  stock.  The
1990  plan  is  administered  by the  Compensation  Committee  of the  board  of
directors,  which has complete  discretion  to select  eligible  individuals  to
receive and to  establish  the terms of option  grants.  The number of shares of
common stock  available  for grant under the 1990 Plan is subject to  adjustment
for  changes in  capitalization.  As of  December  31,  2004,  no  options  were
available  for grants  under the 1990 plan.  This plan  remains in effect  until
terminated by the Board of Directors or until all options are issued.

401(K) Plan

         In December 1995, we established a defined contribution plan, effective
January 1, 1995,  entitled the Hemispherx  Biopharma  employees  401(K) Plan and
Trust  Agreement.  All of our full time employees are eligible to participate in
the 401(K) plan following one year of employment. Subject to certain limitations
imposed by federal tax laws,  participants  are eligible to contribute up to 15%
of their salary (including bonuses and/or commissions) per annum.  Participants'
contributions  to  the  401(K)  plan  may be  matched  by  Hemispherx  at a rate
determined  annually by the board of  directors.  Each  participant  immediately
vests in his or her deferred salary contributions,  while our contributions will
vest over one year. In 2004 we provided matching  contributions to each employee
for up to 6% of annual pay for a total of $76,886 for all eligible employees.


Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

     During  the  fiscal  year  ended  December  31,  2004,  the  members of our
Compensation Committee were William Mitchell and Richard Piani. Dr. Mitchell and
Mr. Piani received fees for certain  consulting  work performed on our behalf in
2003. Refer to Item 13. "Certain  Relationships  and Related  Transactions"  for
more information.

Compensation Committee Report on Compensation

     The Compensation  Committee makes  recommendations  concerning salaries and
compensation for our employees and consultants.

     The following report of the compensation  committee discusses our executive
compensation  policies and the basis of the  compensation  paid to our executive
officers in 2004.

     In general, the compensation  committee seeks to link the compensation paid
to each executive  officer to the  experience and  performance of such executive
officer. Within these parameters, the executive compensation program attempts to
provide an overall  level of executive  compensation  that is  competitive  with
companies   of   comparable   size  and  with  similar   market  and   operating
characteristics.

     There are three elements in our executive total compensation  program,  all
determined by individual  and corporate  performance as specified in the various
employment agreements; base salary, annual incentive, and long-term incentives.
<PAGE>  74
Base Salary

     The Summary  Compensation  Table shows  amounts  earned  during 2004 by our
executive  officers.  The base compensation of such executive officers is set by
terms of the employment agreement entered into with each such executive officer.
We established  the base salaries for Chief  Executive  Officer,  Dr. William A.
Carter  under an  employment  agreement  in  December  3, 1998 (as  amended  and
restated on March 11, 2005), which provides for a base salary of $290,887.68. In
addition,  we entered  into an agreement  with Dr.  Carter for his services as a
consultant  related  to patient  development,  development  of patents  and as a
member of our Board of Directors.  This agreement  establishes a base annual fee
of   $207,776.88.   Both  agreements  are  subject  to  annual  cost  of  living
adjustments.  Dr. Carter is entitled to an annual performance bonus of up to 25%
of the base  salary of each  agreement  at the  discretion  of the  compensation
committee of the Board of Directors.

     On March 11, 2005, we entered into an extended  engagement  agreement  with
Robert E. Peterson, Chief Financial Officer retroactive to January 1, 2005 for a
base annual fee of $202,680 until December 31, 2010.  Mr.  Peterson's  agreement
all ows for an nual cost of living increases and a performance bonus.

     On March 11, 2005, we entered into an engagement  agreement  with Ransom W.
Etheridge,  Corporate  General  Counsel,  retroactive  to January 1, 2005 for an
annual fee of $96,000 until December 31, 2009.

Annual Incentive

         Our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and our  Chief  Financial  Officer  are
entitled  to an  annual  incentive  bonus  as  determined  by  the  compensation
committee  based on such  executive  officers'  performance  during the previous
calendar year. The cash bonus awarded to our Chief Executive Officer in 2004 and
the cash bonus awarded to the Chief  Financial  Officer in 2004 were  determined
based on this provision in their employment agreements.

Long-Term Incentives

         We grant long-term incentive awards periodically to align a significant
portion of the executive compensation program with stockholder interest over the
long-term  through  encouraging  and  facilitating  executive  stock  ownership.
Executives are eligible to participate in our incentive stock option plans.  Our
Chief Executive Officer and President,  Dr. William Carter,  received a grant of
320,000 stock options in 2004.  These options are exercisable at $2.60 per share
and expire on September 7, 2014, unless previously exercised. The options vested
on September 8, 2004.

         On June 23, 2004, our Chief Financial Officer,  Robert E. Peterson, was
granted 50,000 stock options exercisable at $3.44 per share expiring on June 22,
2014 unless previously  exercised.  These options were issued in connection with
his renewed and extended employment agreement. On September 8, 2004 Mr. Peterson
was granted  13,824 stock  options  exercisable  at $2.60 per share  expiring on
September 7, 2014.

         Ransom  Etheridge,  our Corporate  Secretary and General  Counsel,  was
awarded 50,000 stock options on September 8, 2004 exercisable at $2.60 per share
expiring September 7, 2014, unless previously exercised.

<PAGE>  75
Performance Graph

                                               Total Return to Shareholders
                                          (Includes reinvestment of dividends)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGE
                                                                       Years Ending
<S>                                         <C>             <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Company Name / Index                                       Dec00       Dec01       Dec02       Dec03       Dec04
----------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA INC                                  -52.20       -5.26      -52.67        6.10      -15.93
S&P 600 INDEX                                              11.80        6.54      -14.63       38.79       22.65
PEER GROUP                                                -33.76       48.39      -45.76        5.33      -52.63

</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       INDEXED RETURNS
<S>                                         <C>             <C>          <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>
                                            Base                       Years Ending
                                            Period
Company Name / Index                        Dec99          Dec00       Dec01       Dec02       Dec03       Dec04
----------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA INC                     100           47.80       45.28       21.43       22.74       19.12
S&P 600 INDEX                                100          111.80      119.11      101.68      141.13      173.09
PEER GROUP                                   100           66.24       98.29       53.31       56.15       26.60





Peer Group Companies
----------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
AVI BIOPHARMA INC
IMMUNE RESPONSE CORP/DE
LA JOLLA PHARMACEUTICAL CO
MAXIM PHARMACEUTICALS INC

</TABLE>
<PAGE>  76
[GRAPHIC OMITTED][GRAPHIC OMITTED]

Item 12.  Security  Ownership of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management and
     Related Stockholder Matters.

         The  following  table sets  forth as of March 1,  2005,  the number and
percentage of outstanding shares of common stock beneficially owned by:

o        Each  person,  individually  or as a group,  known to us to be
         deemed the  beneficial  owners of five  percent or more of our
         issued and outstanding common stock;
o        each of our directors and the Named Executives; and
o        all of our officers and directors as a group.

         As of March 1, 2005, there were no other persons,  individually or as a
group,  known to the  Hemispherx  to be  deemed  the  beneficial  owners of five
percent or more of the issued and outstanding common stock.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner         Shares Beneficially Owned          % Of Share Beneficially Owned
<S>                                                <C>                                     <C>
-------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- -------------------------------------------
William A. Carter, M.D.                                 6,067,868 (1)                 10.9

Robert E. Peterson                                        468,074 (2)                  *

Ransom W. Etheridge                                       454,430(3)                   *
2610 Potters Rd.
Virginia Beach, VA 23452
<PAGE>  77
Richard C. Piani                                          241,469(4)                   *
97 Rue Jeans-Jaure
Levaillois-Perret
France 92300

Doug Hulse                                               339,400(10)                   *
Sage Group, Inc.
3322 Route 22 West
Building 2, Suite 201
Branchburg, NJ  08876

William M. Mitchell, M.D.                                215,454(5)                    *
Vanderbilt University
Department of Pathology
Medical Center North
21st and Garland
Nashville, TN 37232

David R. Strayer, M.D.                                   148,746(6)                    *

Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.                                     51,791(7)                    *

Iraj-Eqhbal Kiani, Ph.D.                                  12,000(8)                    *
Orange County Immune Institute
18800 Delaware Street
Huntingdon Beach, CA 92648
Mei-June Liao, Ph.D.                                      10,000(9)                    *
Robert Hansen                                             10,000(9)                    0
All directors and executive officers as a
group (11 persons)                                     8,019,232                     14.1%
------------------------
* Less than 1%
</TABLE>
(1)      Includes (i) warrants to purchase  1,450,000  shares of common stock at
         $2.20 per share, expiring on September 8, 2008, (ii) 1,000,000 warrants
         to purchase common stock at $2.00 per share expiring on August 7, 2007,
         (iii)  188,325  warrants  to purchase  common  stock at $6.00 per share
         expiring on February 22, 2006, (iv) 188,325 warrants to purchase common
         stock at $9.00 per share  expiring on February  22,  2006,  (v) 320,000
         stock options to purchase  common stock at $2.60 per share  expiring on
         September 7, 2014,  (vi) 73,728 stock options  exercisable at $2.71 per
         share until  exercised and (vii) 492,490  shares of common stock.  Also
         includes 2,355,000 warrants and options originally issued to Dr. Carter
         and subsequently  transferred to Carter Investments of which Dr. Carter
         is a  majority  owner.  These  warrants  and  options  include  170,000
         warrants to purchase  common stock at $4.00 per share expiring  January
         1, 2008;  300,000  warrants to purchase common stock at $6.00 per share
         expiring on January 1, 2006;  20,000  warrants to purchase common stock
         expiring on January 1, 2008;  465,000 warrants to purchase common stock
<PAGE>  78
         at $1.75  expiring on June 30, 2005 and 1,400,000  warrants to purchase
         common stock at $3.50 expiring on September 30, 2007.

(2)      Includes  (i) 13,750  options to purchase  common  stock at an exercise
         price of $3.50 per share, expiring on January 7, 2007; (ii) warrants to
         purchase  50,000  shares of Common stock at an exercise  price of $3.50
         per share,  expiring on February 28, 2006;  (iii)  warrants to purchase
         100,000  shares of common  stock at $5.00 per share,  expiring on April
         14, 2006;  (iv) 30,000  warrants to purchase  common stock at $5.00 per
         share an expiring  on April 30,  2006 (v)  options to  purchase  10,000
         shares at $4.03 per share that  expire on January 3, 2011 (vi)  200,000
         warrants  exercised  at $2.00 per share  expiring  on August 13,  2007,
         (vii)  50,000  options  to  purchase  common  stock at $3.44  per share
         expiring on June 22, 2014;  (viii)  13,824  options to purchase  common
         stock  exercisable at $2.60 per share expiring on September 7, 2014 and
         (ix) 500 shares of common stock.

(3)      Includes  (i) 100,000  warrants to purchase  common  stock at $2.00 per
         share  expiring on August 13,  2007,  (ii) 20,000  warrants to purchase
         common stock at $4.00 per share expiring January 2, 2008, (iii) 100,000
         stock options to purchase  common stock at $2.75 per share  expiring on
         November 13, 2013,  (iv) 50,000 stock options to purchase  common stock
         at $2.60 per share  expiring on September 7, 2014 and 84,430  shares of
         common stock. Also includes 100,000 stock options  originally issued to
         Mr.  Etheridge and  subsequently  transferred  to relatives and trusts.
         These  options to purchase  common stock at $2.75 expire on December 4,
         2013.

(4)      Includes  (i) 20,000  warrants  to purchase  common  stock at $4.00 per
         share  expiring  on January  1,  2006,  (ii)  54,608  stock  options to
         purchase Common Stock at $2.60 per share expiring on September 7, 2014,
         (iii)  100,000  warrants  exercisable  at $2.00 per share  expiring  on
         August 13, 2007,  (iv) 48,961 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Piani
         (v) 12,900 shares of common stock owned jointly by Mr. and Mrs.  Piani;
         and (vi) 5,000 shares of common stock owned by Mrs. Piani.

(5)      Includes  (I)  warrants to purchase  12,000  shares of common  stock at
         $6.00 per share, expiring on August 25, 2008; (ii) 50,000 stock options
         to purchase  common  stock at $2.60 per share  expiring on September 7,
         2014,(iii) 100,000 warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring in
         August 13, 2007 and 53,454 shares of common stock.


(6)      Includes (i) stock options to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock at
         $3.50 per shares expiring on February 22, 2007; (ii) 50,000 warrants to
         purchase  common  stock at $4.00 per shares  expiring on  February  28,
         2008;  (iii) 10,000 stock  options  exercisable  at $4.03 per share and
         expiring on January 3, 2011;  50,000  warrants to purchase common stock
         at $2.00 per share  and  expiring  on August  13,  2007,  10,000  stock
         options  to  purchase  common  stock at $1.90  per  share  expiring  on
         December 7, 2014 and (iv) 8,746 shares of common stock.

(7)      Consists of 5,000 warrants to purchase  common stock at $4.00 per share
         expiring  June 7,  2008;  6,791  stock  options  exercisable  at  $3.50
         expiring  January 22, 2007,  20,000  warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per
         share expiring in August 13, 2007, options to purchase 10,000 shares of
         common stock at $ 4.03 per share expiring on January 3, 2011 and 10,000
         stock options to purchase  common stock at $1.90 per share  expiring on
         December 7, 2014.
<PAGE>  79
(8)      Consist of 12,000 warrants exercisable at $3.86 per share expiring on
         April 30, 2005.

(9)      Consists of options to purchase common stock at $1.90 per share
         expiring on  December 7, 2014.

(10) Consists of 250,000  options to  purchase  common  stock at $1.55  expiring
     February  13,  2015.  These  warrants  vest at the rate of 12,000 per month
     beginning March 14, 2005. These options are issued to Sage Healthcare, LLC,
     an affiliate of The Sage Group. Also includes 89,400 shares of common stock
     owned by The Sage Group.

      Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

         We have employment  agreements  with certain of our executive  officers
and have granted such  officers and  directors  options and warrants to purchase
our  common  stock,  as  discussed  under  the  headings,  "Item  11.  Executive
Compensation," and "Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management," above.

         Ransom W.  Etheridge,  our  secretary and one of our  directors,  is an
attorney in private  practice,  who renders  corporate legal services to us from
time to time,  for  which he has  received  fees  totaling  $60,000  in 2004 and
options to purchase  Company  stock valued at $237,000  using the Black  Scholes
pricing  model and  recorded as stock  compensation  expense.  Richard C. Piani,
another of our  directors,  lives in Paris,  France and  assisted  our  European
subsidiaries  in their  dealings  with  medical  institutions  and the  European
Medical Evaluation  Authority.  Dr. William Mitchell,  another of our directors,
assisted  us in  establishing  clinical  trial  protocols  and  performed  other
scientific work for us from time to time. The services  provided by these latter
two directors were terminated in September  2003. For these services,  these two
directors  were paid an  aggregate  of  $144,955,  $170,150 and $100,100 for the
years ending December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, respectively.

         Through November 2002,  William A. Carter, our Chief Executive Officer,
had received an aggregate of $12,106 in short term advances which were repaid as
of December 31,  2002.  All advances  bore  interest at 6% per annum.  We loaned
$60,000 to Ransom W.  Etheridge in November,  2001 for the purpose of exercising
15,000 class A redeemable warrants. This loan bears interest at 6% per annum.

     We paid $33,450, $18,800 and $7,600 for the years ending December 31, 2002,
2003 and 2004,  respectively  to Carter  Realty for the rent of property used at
various  times in years  2002,  2003 and 2004 by us. The  property  was owned by
others, but was acquired in 2004 by Resort House, LLC of which William A. Carter
has minority interest .

     Antoni Esteve,  one of our former  directors,  is a Member of the Executive
Committee and Director of Scientific and Commercial  Operations of  Laboratorios
Del Dr.  Esteve S.A. In March 2002,  our  European  subsidiary  Hemispherx  S.A.
entered into a Sales and Distribution Agreement with Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve
S.A. For more information  about our activities with Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve
S.A. see "European  Operations" in Item 1. Business above. In addition, in March
2003, we issued  347,445 shares of our common stock to Provesan SA, an affiliate
of  Laboratorios  Del Dr.  Esteve  S.A.,  in  exchange  for  1,000,000  Euros of
convertible   preferred  equity   certificates  of  Hemispherx  S.A.,  owned  by
Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve S.A.
<PAGE>  80
ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

All audit and professional services provided by BDO Seidman, LLP are approved by
the Audit Committee.  The total fees billed by BDO Seidman, LLP were $308,497 in
2003 and $226,484 in 2004.  The following  table shows the aggregate fees billed
to us by BDO Seidman,  LLP for  professional  services  rendered during the year
ended December 31, 2004.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             Amount ($)
------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>                                     <C>
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Description of Fees                                         2003                                    2004
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Audit Fees                                                $264,917                                $149,950
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Audit-Related Fees                                          43,580                                  76,534
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Tax Fees                                                     -                                       -
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
All Other Fees                                               -                                       -
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------

------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Total                                                     $308,497                                $226,484
                                                          ========                                ========
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
</TABLE>
Audit Fees

Represents fees for professional  services  provided for the audit of our annual
financial  statements  and review of our  financial  statements  included in our
quarterly  reports and services in  connection  with  statutory  and  regulatory
filings.

Audit-Related Fees

Represents  the fees for  assurance  and related  services  that are  reasonably
related to the  performance of the audit or review of our financial  statements,
including those in 2003 and 2004 related to the acquisition of ISI.

The Audit  Committee has determined  that BDO Seidman,  LLP's rendering of these
non-audit  services is compatible with maintaining  auditors  independence.  The
Board of Directors  considers BDO Seidman,  LLP to be well qualified to serve as
our independent public accountants.  The committee also approved the charges for
services performed in 2004.

The Audit  Committee  pre-approves  all auditing  services and the terms thereof
(which may include  providing  comfort  letters in  connection  with  securities
underwriting) and non-audit services (other than non-audit  services  prohibited
under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act or the  applicable  rules of the SEC or
the Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board) to be  provided  to us by the
independent auditor;  provided,  however, the pre-approval requirement is waived
with respect to the provisions of non-audit  services for us if the "de minimus"
provisions  of Section 10A  (i)(1)(B) of the Exchange  Act are  satisfied.  This
authority  to  pre-approve  non-audit  services  may be delegated to one or more
members of the Audit  Committee,  who shall present all decisions to pre-approve
an activity to the full Audit  Committee  at its first  meeting  following  such
decision.
<PAGE>  81

                                                      PART IV

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a)(1)(2)Financial  Statements and Schedules - See index to financial statements
         on page F-1 of this Annual Report.

(a)(3)   Exhibits - See exhibit index below.

Except as disclosed in the footnotes, the following exhibits were filed with the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as exhibits to our Form S-1  Registration
Statement (No.  33-93314) or amendments  thereto and are hereby  incorporated by
reference:

Exhibit
No.                     Description

2.1 First Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated March 11,  2003,  by and between the
Company and ISI.(1) 2.2 Second Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 11, 2003, by
and between the Company and ISI.(1)

 3.1  Amended and Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the
      Company,   as   amended,    along   with   Certificates   of
      Designations.
 3.1.1 Series E Preferred Stock.
 3.2  By-laws of Registrant, as amended.
 4.1  Specimen certificate representing our Common Stock.
 4.2  Rights Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2002, between the
      Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  The
      Right   Agreement   includes  the  Form  of  Certificate  of
      Designation,  Preferences  and Rights of the Series A Junior
      Participating   Preferred   Stock,   the   Form  of   Rights
      Certificate  and  the  Summary  of  the  Right  to  Purchase
      Preferred Stock.(2)
4.3   Form of 6%  Convertible  Debenture of the Company  issued in
      March 2003.(1)
4.4   Form of Warrant for Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in
      March 2003.(1)
4.5   Form of Warrant for Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in
      June 2003.(3)
4.6   Form of 6%  Convertible  Debenture of the Company  issued in
      July 2003.(4)

4.7   Form of Warrant for Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in
      July 2003.(4)
4.8   Form of 6%  Convertible  Debenture of the Company  issued in
      October 2003.(5)
4.9   Form of Warrant for Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in
      October 2003.(5)
4.10  Form of 6%  Convertible  Debenture of the Company  issued in
      January 2004.(6)
4.11  Form of Warrant for Common  Stock of the  Company  issued in
      January 2004.(6)
4.12  Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company. (9)
10.1  1990 Stock Option Plan.
10.2  1992 Stock Option Plan.
10.3  1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
10.4  Form   of   Confidentiality,   Invention   and   Non-Compete
      Agreement.
10.5  Form of Clinical Research Agreement.
10.6  Form of Collaboration Agreement.
10.7  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the
      Company and Dr. William A. Carter, dated as of July 1, 1993.(7)
10.8  Employment  Agreement  by and  between  the  Registrant  and
      Robert E. Peterson, dated April 1, 2001.
10.9  License  Agreement  by and between the Company and The Johns
      Hopkins University, dated December 31, 1980.
<PAGE>  82
10.10 Technology Transfer,  Patent License and Supply Agreement by
      and between the Company,  Pharmacia LKB Biotechnology  Inc.,
      Pharmacia P-L Biochemicals  Inc. and E.I. du Pont de Nemours
      and Company, dated November 24, 1987.
10.11 Pharmaceutical  Use  Agreement,  by and  between the Company
      and Temple University, dated August 3, 1988.
10.12 Assignment  and  Research  Support  Agreement by and between
      the Company, Hahnemann University and Dr. David Strayer, Dr.
      lsadore  Brodsky  and Dr.  David  Gillespie,  dated June 30, 1989.
10.13 Lease  Agreement  between the  Company and Red Gate  Limited
      Partnership,   dated  November  1,  1989,  relating  to  the
      Company's Rockville, Maryland facility.
10.14 Agreement  between the Company and  Bioclones  (Proprietary)
      Limited.
10.15 Amendment,  dated August 3, 1995,  to Agreement  between the
      Company and Bioclones  (Proprietary)  Limited  (contained in
      Exhibit 10.14).
10.16 Licensing Agreement with Core BioTech Corp.
10.17 Licensing Agreement with BioPro Corp.
10.18 Licensing Agreement with BioAegean Corp.
10.19 Agreement with Esteve.
10.20 Agreement with Accredo (formerly Gentiva) Health Services.
10.21 Agreement with Biovail Corporation International.
10.22 Forbearance  Agreement  dated March 11, 2003, by and between
      ISI, the American National Red Cross and the Company.(1)
10.23 Forbearance  Agreement  dated March 11, 2003, by and between
      ISI, GP Strategies Corporation and the Company.(1)
10.24 Securities Purchase Agreement,  dated March 12, 2003, by and
      among the Company and the Buyers named therein.(1)
10.25 Registration Rights Agreement,  dated March 12, 2003, by and
      among the Company and the Buyers named therein.(1)
10.26 Securities Purchase  Agreement,  dated July 10, 2003, by and
      among the Company and the Buyers named therein.(4)
10.27 Registration  Rights Agreement,  dated July 10, 2003, by and
      among the Company and the Buyers named therein.(4)
10.28 Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated October 29, 2003, by
      and among the Company and the Buyers named therein.(5)
10.29 Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated October 29, 2003, by
      and among the Company and the Buyers named therein.(5)
10.30 Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated January 26, 2004, by
      and among the Company and the Buyers named therein.(6)
10.31 Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated January 26, 2004, by
      and among the Company and the Buyers named therein.(6)
10.32 Memorandum of Understanding with Fujisawa. (8)
10.33 Securities Purchase  Agreement,  dated July 30, 2004, by and
      among the Company and the Purchasers named therein.(9)
10.34 Registration  Rights Agreement,  dated July 30, 2004, by and
      among the Company and the Purchasers named therein. (9)
10.35 Agreement for services of R. Douglas Hulse, (11)
10.36 Amended and Restated Employment  Agreement of Dr. William A.
      Carter. (10)
10.37 Engagement Agreement with Dr. William A. Carter. (10)
10.38 Amended and restated employment  agreement of Dr. William A.
      Carter (11)
10.39 Amended and restated  engagement  agreement with Dr. William
      A. Carter (11)
10.40 Amended and  restated  engagement  agreement  with Robert E.
      Peterson (11)
10.41 Engagement Agreement with Ransom W. Etheridge (11)
10.42 Change in control agreement with Dr. William A. Carter (11)
10.43 Change in control agreement with Dr. William A. Carter (11)
10.44 Change in control agreement with Robert E. Peterson (11)
10.45 Change in control agreement with Ransom Etheridge (11)
<PAGE>  83
21   Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
23.1 BDO Seidman, LLP consent.(11)
31.1 Certification  pursuant  to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
     from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.(11)
31.2 Certification  pursuant  to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
     from the Company's Chief Financial Officer.(11)
32.1 Certification  pursuant  to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
     from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.(11
32.2 Certification  pursuant  to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
     from the Company's Chief Financial Officer.(11)

(1) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated March 12, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(2) Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2002 as an
exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A (No. 0-27072) and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(3) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated June 27, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(4) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated July 14, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(5) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated October 30, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(6) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated January 27, 2004 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(7) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  quarterly  report on Form 10-Q (No.  1-13441)  for the  period  ended
September 30, 2001 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

(8) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Form  S-1  Registration  Statement  (No.  333-113796)  and is  hereby
incorporated by reference.

(9) Filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated August 6, 2004 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

(10) Filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated September 15, 2004 and
is hereby incorporated by reference.

(11)     Filed herewith.

<PAGE>  84


SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ William A. Carter
    ---------------------------------------------
        William A. Carter, M.D.
        Chief Executive Officer

March 11, 2005


Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
of 1934, as amended,  this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of this Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                   <C>                                      <C>

/s/ William A. Carter William A. Carter,      Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
----------------------
M.D.                                          Officer and Director                        March 11, 2005
/s/ Richard Piani    Richard Piani            Director                                    March 11, 2005
---------------------
/s/ Robert E. Peterson                        Chief Financial Officer                     March 11, 2005
----------------------
Robert E. Peterson

/s/ Ransom Etheridge  Ransom Etheridge        Secretary And Director                      March 11, 2005
----------------------


/s/ William Mitchell William Mitchell,        Director                                    March 11, 2005
---------------------
M.D., Ph.D.

/s/ Iraj E. Kiani                             Director                                    March 11, 2005
-----------------
Iraj E. Kiani, Ph.D.

</TABLE>

<PAGE> F-1

        HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES
        Index to Consolidated Financial Statements


                                      Page

  Report of Independent Registered Certified,
  Public Accounting Firm. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   F-2

  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2003 and 2004. .  F-3

  Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2004. . . . . . . F-4

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
  and Comprehensive (Loss) for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2004  . . . . . . F-5


  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2004 . . . . . . .F-6


  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . .  F-8


<PAGE>  F-2


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.


          We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2004 the
related consolidated  statements of operations,  changes in stockholders' equity
and comprehensive  loss and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended  December  31,  2004.  These  consolidated  financial  statements  are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

          We conducted our audits in accordance  with auditing  standards of the
Public Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board (United  States).  Those  standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about
whether the financial  statements  are free of material  misstatement.  An audit
includes  examining,  on a test  basis,  evidence  supporting  the  amounts  and
disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit also includes  assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

          In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  referred to
above  present  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the  financial  position of
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2004 and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2004 in conformity with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

                We also have audited,  in  accordance  with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting  Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of
Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.  internal  control over  financial  reporting as of
December  31,  2004,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  -
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the
Treadway  Commission  (COSO) and our report dated  February 4, 2004 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon.



/s/ BDO SEIDMAN, LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 4, 2005


<PAGE>  F-3


                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
                           December 31, 2003 and 2004
                                 (in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               2003                2004
                                                                               ----                ----
<S>                                                                               <C>                 <C>
                                 ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                        $ 3,764             $8,813
 Short term investments (Note 5)                                                    1,495              7,924
 Inventory (Note 3)                                                                 2,896              2,148
 Accounts and other receivables (Note 2)                                              282                139
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                            170                266

                                                                          ----------------    ---------------
         Total current assets                                                       8,607             19,290
                                                                          ----------------    ---------------

Property and equipment, net                                                            94              3,303
Patent and trademark rights, net                                                    1,027                908
Investment                                                                            408                 35
Deferred acquisition costs (Note 4)                                                 1,546                  -
Deferred financing costs                                                              393                319
Advance receivable (Note 7)                                                         1,300              1,300
Other assets                                                                           29                 17

                                                                          ----------------    ---------------
         Total assets                                                            $ 13,404           $ 25,172
                                                                                 ========           ========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                                                  $  488              $ 526
 Accrued expenses (Note 6)                                                          1,119              1,012
 Current portion of long-term debt                                                      -              3,248
                                                                           ---------------    ---------------
 Total current liabilities                                                          1,607              4,786
                                                                          ----------------    ---------------

 Long-Term Debt-net of current portion (Note 7)                                     2,058                305

Commitments and contingencies
(Notes 10, 12, 13 and 15)

Redeemable common stock (Note 4)                                                      491                  -
Stockholders' equity (Note 8):
 Common stock                                                                          39                 50
 Additional paid-in capital                                                       123,054            158,024
 Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                 -                (10)
 Accumulated deficit                                                             (113,843)          (137,983)
 Treasury stock                                                                        (2)                  -

                                                                           ---------------   ----------------
 Total stockholders' equity                                                         9,248             20,081
                                                                          ----------------    ---------------

 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                      $ 13,404            $25,172
                                                                                 ========            =======
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE>  F-4



             HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                    Consolidated  Statements of Operations For each of the years
    in the three-year period ended December 31, 2004
                (in thousands, except share and per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                                                                -----------------------------
                                                                      2002                2003                 2004
                                                                      ----                ----                 ----
<S>                                                                    <C>                  <C>                 <C>
Revenues:
Sales of product net                                                  $ -           $            509        $       1,050
Clinical treatment programs                                                  341                 148                  179
License fee income                                                           563                   -                    -
                                                                -----------------   -----------------    -----------------

Total Revenues:                                                              904                 657                1,229

Costs and expenses:
Production/cost of goods sold                                                  -                 502                2,112
Research and development                                                   4,946               3,150                3,842
General and administrative                                                 2,015               4,257                6,164
                                                                -----------------   -----------------    -----------------

Total costs and expenses                                                   6,961               7,909               12,118

Equity loss and write off of  investments in unconsolidated
affiliates (Note 2c)
                                                                          (1,470)                  -                (373)
Interest and other income                                                    103                  80                   49
Interest expense                                                                                (253)                (384)
Financing costs (Note 7)                                                                      (7,345)             (12,543)
                                                                -----------------   -----------------    -----------------

Net loss                                                               $ (7,424)          $ (14,770)           $ (24,140)
                                                                       =========          ==========           ==========

Basic and diluted loss per share                                         $ (.23)             $ (.42)             $ (.53)
                                                                         =======             =======             =======

Weighted average shares outstanding                                   32,085,776          35,234,526           45,177,862
                                                                      ==========          ==========           ==========

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE> F-5
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive (loss)
                          For each of the years in the
                             three-year period ended
                                December 31, 2004
                        (in thousands except share data)
<S>                                        <C>     <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>
                                         Common  Common     Additional  Accumulated                                    Total
                                         Stock   Stock .001 paid-in     other                      Treasury   Treasury stockholders
                                         Shares  Par Value  capital     Comprehensive  Accumulated stock      Stock    equity
                                         ------  ------     -------     Income (loss)  deficit     shares     ------   -----------
                                                                        -------------  -------     ------
Balance at December 31, 2001         32,575,986  $  33    $ 106,832       $   17      $ (91,649)  515,706    $ (4,470)   $ 10,763
Common stock  issued                     25,800      -           37            -              -         -            -         37
Treasury stock Purchased                      -      -            -            -              -    27,500         (50)        (50)
Stock issued in settlement
  of debt                                48,392      -          154           -              -         -            -         154
Stock and stock warrant
  compensation expense                        -      -          132           -              -         -            -         132
Net comprehensive (loss)                      -      -            -          18         (7,424)        -            -      (7,406)
                                       ---------  -----     ---------  -------------- -------   ---------    ---------  -----------
Balance at December 31, 2002          32,650,178    33      107,155          35        (99,073)   543,206      (4,520)      3,630
Debt conversion and
  interest payments                    4,334,916     4        6,741           -              -         -            -       6,745
Fair value ascribed to debenture
  beneficial conversion features and
  related warrants issued                     -      -        9,363           -              -         -            -       9,363
Warrants exercised                       790,745     1        1,234           -              -         -            -       1,235
Common stock issued in connection
  with ISI acquisition                 1,068,789     1        1,667           -              -         -            -       1,668
Reclassification of redeemable
  Common Stock in connection
  with ISI acquisition                        -      -         (491)          -              -         -            -        (491)
Treasury stock purchased                      -      -            -           -              -      43,000        (83)        (83)
Treasury Stock retired                  (339,543)    -       (4,272)          -              -    (339,543)     4,144        (128)
Conversion of minority interest
  of subsidiary into common stock        347,445     -          946           -              -          -           -         946
Stock issued in settlement of debt       215,047     -          474           -              -    (246,220)       457         931
Stock warrant compensation expense             -     -          237           -              -          -           -         237
Net comprehensive loss                         -     -            -         (35)        (14,770)        -           -     (14,805)
                                      ----------- -----   ----------   -------------  ---------  ---------    --------   ---------
Balance December 31, 2003             39,067,577    39      123,054           -        (113,843)       443          (2)     9,248
Treasury shares sold                           -     -            -           -              -        (443)          2          2
Shares issued for:
   Payment of accounts payable           127,243     -          382           -              -          -           -         382
   OID on convertible debt               158,104     -          465           -              -          -           -         465
   Purchase of building                  487,028     1        1,626           -              -          -           -       1,627
   Conversion of debt                  3,691,695     5        7,239           -              -          -           -       7,244
   Interest on convertible debt          170,524     -          430           -              -          -           -         430
   Private placement, net of
     issuance costs                    3,617,306     3        6,981           -              -          -           -       6,984
   Warrants exercised                  2,268,586     2        5,091           -              -          -           -       5,093
Stock Issued with convertible debt        43,703     -        8,540           -              -          -           -       8,540
Conversion price adjustment                    -     -        1,038           -              -          -           -       1,038
Reclassification of redeemable
   Common Stock in connection
   with ISI acquisition                        -     -          491           -              -          -           -         491
Options and warrants issued for services       -     -        2,000           -              -          -           -       2,000
Adjustment in accordance with EITF 00-19       -     -          687           -              -          -           -         687
net comprehensive loss                         -     -           -          (10)         (24,140)       -           -     (24,150)
                                        --------- -----   ----------      ------     -----------  ---------    --------  --------
Balance December 31, 2004             49,631,766 $  50    $ 158,024     $   (10)      $ (137,983)       -        $  -    $ 20,081
                                       ========== =====   =========       ======     ===========  =========    ========  ========
</TABLE>
              See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements


<PAGE> F-6


                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                         Consolidated Statements of Cash
              Flows for each of the years in the three-year period
                             ended December 31, 2004
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                                       --------------------------------------------------
                                                           2002               2003              2004
                                                           ----               ----              ----
<S>                                                        <C>               <C>                 <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss                                                $(7,424)          $(14,770)         $(24,140)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

 Depreciation of property and
   Equipment                                                  91                 80               113
 Amortization of patent and
   Trademark rights                                          206                122               327
 Amortization of deferred
   Financing costs                                             -              7,345             12,543
 Equity loss and write off of
   Investments in unconsolidated
   Affiliates                                              1,470                 -                 373
 Stock option and warrant
   Compensation and service
   Expense                                                   132                237              2,000
Inventory reserve                                              -                  -                225
Changes in assets and liabilities:
 Inventory                                                     -             (1,429)               523
 Accounts and other receivables                           (1,293)             1,225                143
 Prepaid expenses and other
   Current assets                                            104                (98)               (96)
 Accounts payable                                            (67)              (298)               420
 Accrued expenses                                            385                558                323
 Other assets                                                (13)                 6                  6
                                                       --------------    ---------------     ---------------

 Net cash used in operating
   Activities                                             (6,409)            (7,022)            (7,240)
                                                       --------------    ---------------     ---------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchase of property and
   Equipment, net                                                -               (19)             (150)
 Additions to patent and trademark
   Rights                                                     (176)             (154)             (208)
 Maturity of short term
   Investments                                               5,293               520              1,496
 Purchase of short term
   Investments                                                (520)           (1,496)            (7,934)
 Deferred acquisition costs                                      -              (638)                 -
                                                       --------------    ---------------     ---------------
 Net cash (used in) provided by
   Investing Activities                                      4,597            (1,787)            (6,796)
                                                       --------------    ---------------     ---------------


                                   (CONTINUED)
</TABLE>

<page> F-7

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                 (in thousands)

                                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                                       ---------------------------------------------------
                                                           2002               2003              2004
<S>                                                        <C>                <C>                <C>
                                                          ----               ----              ----
Cash flows from financing activities:
                                                           $ 65                $ -              $  -
 Proceeds from issuance of common
   stock,net                                                  -                  -             6,984
 Deferred financing costs                                     -               (835)             (542)
 Proceeds from issuance of
   Preferred stock Certificates of
   Subsidiary                                               946                  -                 -
 Proceeds from long-term borrowing                            -             11,300             7,550
 Advance receivable                                           -             (1,300)                -
 Proceeds from exercise of stock
   Warrants                                                   -              1,235             5,093
 Purchase of treasury stock                                 (50)               (83)                -
                                                       --------------    ---------------    --------------
 Net cash provided by financing
   Activities                                               961             10,317            19,085
                                                       --------------    ---------------    --------------
 Net increase (decrease) in cash
   and cash equivalents                                    (851)             1,508             5,049

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year            3,107              2,256             3,764
                                                       --------------    ---------------    --------------

Cash and cash equivalents  at end of year                $2,256             $3,764            $8,813
                                                         ======             ======            ======

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Issuance of common stock for
accounts payable and accrued
expenses                                                  $ 154              $ 931             $ 382
                                                          =====              =====             =====

Issuance of Common Stock for
Acquisition of ISI assets
deferred acquisition  costs
Stock Options and Warrants                                                  $1,668            $1,626
                                                                             =====             =====
Issued for Compensation                                     $132              $237            $2,000
                                                            ====              ====            ======

Issuance of Common Stock for
Debt Conversion Interest
Payments and debt payments                                    -             $6,741            $7,669
                                                                            ======             =====
Common Stock Issued for
Conversion of Minority Interest
in Subsidiary                                                 -               $946                -
                                                                            ======
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE> F-8


                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) Business

Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. and subsidiaries  (the Company) is a pharmaceutical
company using nucleic acid technologies to develop therapeutic  products for the
treatment of viral diseases and certain  cancers.  The Company's drug technology
uses specially configured ribonucleic acid (RNA). The Company's  double-stranded
RNA drug product,  trademarked Ampligen(R), is in human clinical development for
various   therapeutic   indications.   The  potential  efficacy  and  safety  of
Ampligen(R)  is being  evaluated  clinically for three  anti-viral  indications:
myalgic  encephalomyelitis,  also known as chronic fatigue syndrome  ("ME/CFS"),
human immunodeficiency virus ("HIV") associated disorders, and chronic hepatitis
C ("HVC")  virus  infection.  The  Company  also has  clinical  experience  with
Ampligen(R) used in treating  patients with certain cancers including renal cell
carcinoma  (kidney cancer) and metastatic  malignant  melanoma.  The Company has
other compounds to be evaluated.

         On March 11, 2003, we acquired from Interferon  Sciences,  Inc. ("ISI")
ISI's inventory of ALFERON N INJECTIONS(R),  a  pharmaceutical  product used for
the treatment of certain types of genital warts,  and a limited  license for the
production, manufacturing, use, marketing and sale of this product.


The  consolidated  financial  statements  include the  financial  statements  of
Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. and its wholly-owned  subsidiaries.  All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

(a) Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents consist of money market  certificates and overnight  repurchase
agreements collateralized by money market securities with original maturities of
less than  three  months,  with  both a cost and fair  value of  $3,764,000  and
$8,813,000 at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

(b) Short-term Investments

Investments  with original  maturities of more than three months and  marketable
equity securities are considered available for sale. The investments  classified
as available for sale include debt securities and equity  securities  carried at
estimated  fair value of $1,495,000 and $7,924,000 at December 31, 2003 and 2004
respectively.  The  unrealized  gains and losses are  recorded as a component of
shareholders' equity.

(c) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates

Investments in companies in which the Company owns 20% or more and not more than
50% are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

Investments in companies in which the Company owns less than 20% of and does not
exercise a  significant  influence  are  accounted  for using the cost method of
accounting.

In 1998, the Company  invested  $1,074,000 for a 3.3% equity  interest in R.E.D.
Laboratory ("R.E.D.").  R.E.D. is a privately held biotechnology company for the
development of diagnostic markers for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and other chronic
immune  diseases.  We have a research  collaboration  agreement  with R.E.D.  to
assist in this development.  R.E.D. is headquartered in Belgium.  The investment
was  recorded at cost.  During the three months ended June 30, 2002 and December
31, 2002 we recorded non-cash charges of $678,000 and $396,000 respectively,  to
<PAGE>  F-9
operations  with  respect to our  investment  in R.E.D.  These  charges were the
result of our determination  that R.E.D.'s  business and financial  position had
deteriorated to the point that our investments had been permanently impaired.

In April, 1999 we acquired a 30% equity position in the California  Institute of
Molecular  Medicine  ("CIMM")  for  $750,000  and  entered  into a research  and
development arrangement.  CIMM'S research is focused on developing therapies for
use in  treating  patients  affected by  Hepatitis C ("HCV").  We use the equity
method of accounting with respect to this investment.  During the fourth quarter
of 2001 we recorded a non-cash charge of $485,000 with respect to our investment
in CIMM. This was a result of our determination  that CIMM's operations have not
yet evolved to the point where the full carrying value of our  investment  could
be supported based on that company's  financial  position and operating results.
During  2002,  CIMM  continued  to  suffer  significant  losses  resulting  in a
deterioration of its financial  condition.  The $485,000 written off during 2001
represented  the  unamortized  balance  of  goodwill  included  as  part  of the
Company's  investment.   Additionally,  during  2001  the  Company  reduced  its
investment  in  CIMM  based  on its  percentage  interest  in  CIMM's  continued
operating  losses.  The Company's  remaining  investment at December 31, 2001 in
CIMM,  representing  its 30%  interest  in CIMM's  equity at such date,  was not
deemed to be permanently  impaired,  but was completely written off during 2002.
Such amount was not material.  These  charges are reflected in the  Consolidated
Statements  of  Operations  under the  caption  "Equity  loss in  unconsolidated
affiliates".

The  Company's  investment  in Ribotech,  Ltd. is also  accounted  for using the
equity method of accounting.  The Company  received  24.9% of Ribotech,  Ltd. as
partial compensation under the license agreement described in Note 12. Ribotech,
Ltd.  has incurred  net losses  since  inception.  The Company does not share in
those losses in accordance with the licensing  agreement and is not obligated to
fund such losses. The net investment in Ribotech is zero at all year end periods
presented.

Investments  include  an  initial  equity  investment  of  $290,625  in  Chronix
Biomedical ("Chronix").  Chronix focuses upon the development of diagnostics for
chronic  diseases.  This  initial  investment  was  made in May 31,  2000 by the
issuance of 50,000 shares of Company common stock from the treasury.  On October
12, 2000, the Company issued an additional 50,000 shares of its common stock and
on March 7, 2001 the Company  issued 12,000 more shares of its common stock from
the  treasury to Chronix for an aggregate  equity  investment  of $700,000.  The
percentage ownership in Chronix is approximately 5.4% and is accounted for under
the cost method of  accounting.  During the quarters ended December 31, 2002 and
September  30, 2004,  we recorded  non cash  charges of $292,000  and  $373,000,
respectively with respect to our investment in Chronix.  This impairment reduces
our  carrying  value to reflect a permanent  decline in  Chronix's  market value
based on its then proposed investment offerings.


(d) Property and Equipment                           (000 omitted)
                                                      December 31,
                                                      -------------
                                                    2003        2004
                                                   -------   ----------
       Land and buildings                          $    -     $  3,316
       Furniture, fixtures, and equipment             779          786
       Leasehold improvements                          85   85
                                                   -------   ----------
       Total property and equipment                   864        4,187
       Less accumulated depreciation                  770          884
                                                   -------   ----------
       Property and equipment, net               $     94     $  3,303
                                                   =======   ==========
<PAGE> F-10
Property and equipment consists of land, building,  furniture,  fixtures, office
equipment,  and leasehold improvements and is recorded at cost. Depreciation and
amortization  is computed  using the  straight-line  method  over the  estimated
useful lives of the respective  assets,  ranging from five to thirty-nine years.
Depreciation  and  amortization  expense was  $91,000,  $80,000 and $113,000 for
2002, 2003 and 2004,  respectively.  In 2002, fully depreciated equipment in the
amount of $418,000 and fully depreciated leasehold improvements in Europe in the
amount of $12,000 were written-off due to the closing of European offices.

(e) Patent and Trademark Rights

Patents  and  trademarks  are  stated  at cost  (primarily  legal  fees) and are
amortized using the straight line method over the established  useful life of 17
years.  The Company  reviews its patents and trademark  rights  periodically  to
determine  whether they have continuing  value. Such review includes an analysis
of the patent and trademark's ultimate revenue and profitability potential on an
undiscounted  cash flow basis to support  the  realizability  of its  respective
capitalized cost. Management's review addresses whether each patent continues to
fit into the Company's strategic business plans. During the years ended December
31, 2002,  2003 and 2004,  the Company  decided not to pursue the  technology in
certain countries for strategic  reasons and recorded charges of $5,000,  $5,000
and  $223,000  respectively.  Amortization  expense was  $201,000,  $122,000 and
$104,000 in 2002, 2003 and 2004,  respectively.  The accumulated amortization as
of December 31, 2003 and 2004 is $2,150,000 and $1,807,000, respectively.

As of December 31, 2004, the weighted average  remaining life of the patents and
trademarks was 8.7 years. Amortization of patents and trademarks for each of the
next five years is as follows:  2005 - $87,000,  2006 - $87,000, 2007 - $86,000,
2008 - $86,000 and 2009 - $86,000.

(f) Revenue and License Fee Income

On March 20, 2002 our European  Subsidiary  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  S.A.
("Hemispherx,  S.A.")  entered  into a Sales  and  Distribution  agreement  with
Laboratorios  del Dr.  Esteve  S.A.  ("Esteve").  Pursuant  to the  terms of the
Agreement, Esteve was granted the exclusive right to market Ampligen(R)in Spain,
Portugal and Andorra for the treatment of Myalgic  Encephalitis/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS").  Esteve paid the initial and non refundable fee of 625,000
Euros (approximately $563,000) to Hemispherx S.A. on April 24, 2002.

The  terms  of  the  agreement   granting  the  licensee  marketing  rights  for
Ampligen(R) for the treatment of myalgic/chronic  fatigue syndrome ("ME/CFS") in
Spain,  Portugal and Andorra  require the Company to provide the  licensee  with
technical,  scientific and  commercial  information.  The Company  fulfilled the
requirements  during the first quarter of 2002. The agreement  terms required no
additional performance on the part of the Company.

The  agreement  also  requires the licensee to pay of 1,000,000  Euros after FDA
approval of Ampligen(R) for the treatment of ME/CFS and a fee of 1,000,000 after
issuance in Spain of final marketing approval  authorization for Ampligen(R) for
the treatment of ME/CFS.

Revenues for  non-refundable  license fees are recognized  under the Performance
Method-Expected  Revenue.  This method  considers  the total  amount of expected
revenue  during  the  performance  period,  but  limits  the  amount of  revenue
recognized  in a period to total  non-refundable  cash  received  to date.  This
limitation is appropriate  because future  milestone  payments are contingent on
future events.
<PAGE>  F-11
Upon receipt, the upfront non-refundable payment is deferred. The non-refundable
upfront  payments plus  non-refundable  payments arising from the achievement of
defined  milestones are recognized as revenue over the performance  period based
on the lesser of (a) percentage of completion or  (b)non-refundable  cash earned
(including the upfront payment).

This method  requires  the  computation  of a ratio of cost  incurred to date to
total expected costs and then apply that ratio to total  expected  revenue.  The
amount  of  revenue  recognized  is  limited  to the total  non-refundable  cash
received to date.

The  percentage  of  expenses  incurred  to date to total  expected  expenses in
connection with the research and development  project,  exceed the percentage of
license  fees  received  compared  to total  license  fees to be earned  per the
agreement. Therefore the amount of revenue recognized by the Company was limited
to the total non-refundable cash received to date of approximately $563,000.

We executed a Memorandum  of  Understanding  (MOU) in January 2004 with Fujisawa
Deutschland GmbH, ("Fuji") a major pharmaceutical corporation,  granting them an
exclusive  option  for  a  limited  number  of  months  to  enter  a  Sales  and
Distribution Agreement with exclusive rights to market Ampligen(R) for ME/CFS in
Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The MOU required us to file the full report on
the results of our AMP 516 Clinical Trial with Fuji by May 31, 2004. If the full
report  was not  provided  to Fuji by May 31,  2004  and  Fuji  did not  wish to
exercise  its  option,  we would  have been  required  to refund one half of the
400,000  Euro fee. We submitted  our initial  report to Fuji on May 28, 2004 and
responded to subsequent inquiries for additional information.  The option period
ends 12 weeks after the later of Fuji's review of the full report on the results
of our Amp 516  clinical  trial and Fuji's  meeting  with  three of the  trial's
principal   investigators.   We  received  an  initial  fee  of  400,000   Euros
(approximately  $497,000 US). If we did not provide them with the full report by
December  31,  2004 and Fuji did not wish to exercise  its  option,  we would be
required to refund the entire fee. On November 9, 2004,  we and Fuji  terminated
the MOU by mutual  agreement.  We did not agree on the process to be utilized in
certain European  Territories for obtaining  commercial approval for the sale of
Ampligen(R) in the treatment of patients suffering from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
(CFS).  Instead of a  centralized  procedure,  and in order to obtain an earlier
commercial  approval of  Ampligen(R) in Europe,  we have  determined to follow a
decentralized  filing procedure which was not anticipated in the MOU. We believe
that  it  now  is in the  best  interest  of  our  stockholders  to  potentially
accelerate  entry into  selected  European  markets  whereas  the  original  MOU
specified a centralized registration procedure.  Pursuant to mutual agreement of
the parties we refunded  200,000  Euros to Fuji.  We have recorded the remaining
200,000 Euros as an accrued  liability as of December 31, 2004. We are currently
holding the 200,000 Euros pending  further  developments  in accordance with the
mutually agreed upon termination with Fuji.

Revenue from the sale of  Ampligen(R)  under cost  recovery  clinical  treatment
protocols  approved by the FDA is  recognized  when the treatment is provided to
the patient.

Revenues from the sale of Alferon N Injection(R) are recognized when the product
is shipped,  as title is transferred  to the customer.  The Company has no other
obligation associated with its products once shipment has occurred.

(g) Net Loss Per Share

Basic and  diluted  net loss per share is computed  using the  weighted  average
number of shares of common  stock  outstanding  during  the  period.  Equivalent
common shares,  consisting of stock options and warrants,  are excluded from the
calculation of diluted net loss per share since their effect is antidilutive.
<PAGE>  F-12
(h) Accounting for Income taxes

Deferred income tax assets and  liabilities are determined  based on differences
between  the  financial   statement  reporting  and  tax  bases  of  assets  and
Liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws in effect when
the differences are expected to reverse.  The measurement of deferred income tax
assets is reduced, if necessary,  by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits,
which are not expected to be realized.  The effect on deferred income tax assets
and  liabilities  of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that such
tax rate changes are enacted.

(i) Comprehensive (loss)

Comprehensive  (loss) consists of net loss and net unrealized  gains (losses) on
securities  and is  presented  in the  consolidated  statements  of  changes  in
stockholders' equity and comprehensive (loss).

(j) Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with generally  accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect  the  reported  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of
contingent  assets and  liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting  period.  Actual
results could differ from those estimates.


(k) Foreign currency translations

Assets  and  liabilities  of the  Company's  foreign  operations  are  generally
translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates as of balance sheet date.
Revenues and  expenses  are  translated  at average  exchange  rates during each
period.  Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations
are included in the results of operations as incurred. The resulting translation
adjustments are immaterial for all years presented.

(l) Recent Accounting Standard and Pronouncements:


         In December  2004,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board (FASB)
issued Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004) (FASB
123R),  Shared-Based  Payment. FASB 123R will require the Corporation to expense
share-based  payments,  including  employee stock  options,  based on their fair
value.  The  Corporation  is  required  to adopt  the  provisions  of FASB  123R
effective as of the beginning of its third  quarter in 2005.  FASB 123R provides
alternative  methods of adoption,  which include  prospective  application and a
modified  retroactive  application.  The Corporation is currently evaluating the
financial impact, including the available alternative of adoption of FASB 123R.


(m) Research and Development Costs

Research and development related to both future and present products are charged
to operation as incurred.

(n) Stock Based Compensation

The Company follows Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 123,
"Accounting  for  Stock-Based   Compensation."  We  chose  to  apply  Accounting
Principal Board Opinion 25 and related  interpretations  in accounting for stock
options granted to our employees.
<PAGE>  F-13
The Company  provides pro forma  disclosures of  compensation  expense under the
fair  market  value  method  of  SFAS  No.  123,   "Accounting  for  Stock-Based
Compensation,"  and SFAS No. 148,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation -
Transition and Disclosure."

The weighted average assumptions used for the years presented are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            December 31,
                                                                   2002             2003              2004
                                                                   ----             ----              ----
<S>                                                                <C>               <C>               <C>
Risk-free interest rate    5.23%                                  5.23%      2.25 - 3.4%
Expected dividend yield    -                                        -                -
Expected lives                                                  2.5 yrs          2.5 yrs              5-10 yrs
Expected volatility        63.17%                                98.07%     68.92-71.16%
</TABLE>
Had  compensation  cost for the Company's  option plan been determined using the
fair value method at the grant dates,  the effect on the  Company's net loss and
loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2002,  2003, and 2004 would have
been as follows:

                    (In Thousands except for per share data)

For the years ended December 31,     2002             2003        2004
--------------------------------
                                    ------         ------      -------
  Net (loss)as reported            $(7,424)     $ (14,770)    $  (24,140)


  Add: Stock based compensation
  included in net loss as reported,
  net of related tax effects         -               -            1,769

  Deduct: Stock based compensation
  determined under fair value based
  method for all awards, net of
  related tax effects               (1,085)        (1,825)         (638)
                                    --------   -----------    ----------


  Pro forma - net loss             $(8,509)      $ (16,594)    $ (23,009)
                                   =========   ============  ============

  Basic and diluted loss
  per share - as reported           $(.23)         $ (.42)       $ (.53)
                                    ========   ============  ===========

  Basic and diluted loss
  per share - pro forma             $(.27)         $ (.47)        $ (.51)
                                    ========   ============  ===========


For stock warrants granted to non-employees,  the Company measures fair value of
the equity instruments  utilizing the Black-Scholes method if that value is more
reliably  measurable  than  the  fair  value  of the  consideration  or  service
received. The Company amortizes such cost over the related period of service.

The exercise  price of all stock  warrants  granted was equal to or greater than
the fair market value of the underlying common stock as defined by APB 25 on the
date of the grant.

(0)  Accounts Receivable

Concentration  of credit risk, with respect to accounts  receivable,  is limited
due to the Company's  credit  evaluation  process.  The Company does not require
collateral on its receivables.  The Company's  receivables  primarily consist of
<PAGE>  F-14
amounts due from the wholesale drug companies as of December 31, 2004.

(3)    Inventories

The Company uses the lower of first-in, first-out ("FIFO") cost or market method
of accounting for inventory.

Inventories consist of the following:
                                                     December 31,
                                                 2003             2004
                                                -----             -----
Raw materials and work in process              $1,729           $ 1,711

Finished goods, net of reserves of $225,000
at December 31, 2004                            1,167               437
                                               ------             ------
                                               $2,896            $2,148
                                               ======             ======


(4)    ACQUISITION OF ASSETS OF INTEFERON SCIENCES, INC.

On March  11,  2003,  we  acquired  from  ISI,  ISI's  inventory  of  ALFERON  N
Injection(R)  and a  limited  license  for  the  production,  manufacture,  use,
marketing and sale of this product. As partial consideration,  we issued 487,028
shares of our  common  stock to ISI  Pursuant  to our  agreements  with ISI,  we
registered  these shares for public sale and ISI has  reported  that it has sold
all of these shares.  We also agreed to pay ISI 6% of the net sales of ALFERON N
Injection(R).

On March 11, 2003, we also entered into an agreement to purchase from ISI all of
its rights to the product and other assets related to the product including, but
not limited to, real estate and machinery.  For these assets, we agreed to issue
to ISI an  additional  487,028  shares and to issue  314,465  shares and 267,296
shares,  respectively  to the  American  National  Red Cross  and GP  Strategies
Corporation,  two  creditors of ISI. We  guaranteed  the market value of all but
62,500  of these  shares  to be $1.59  per  share on the  termination  date.  As
discussed  below,  we issued all of these shares and ISI, GP Strategies  and the
American  National  Red  Cross  have  reported  that they have sold all of their
shares.

We also  agreed to  satisfy  other  liabilities  of ISI which  were past due and
secured  by a lien on ISI's  real  estate  and to pay ISI 6% of the net sales of
products containing natural alpha interferon.

On May 30, 2003, we issued the shares to GP Strategies and the American National
Red Cross.  Pursuant  to our  agreements  with ISI and these two  creditors,  we
registered the foregoing  shares for public sale. We guaranteed the market value
all but 62,500 of these  shares to be $1.59 per share.  As a result at  December
31, 2003 the  guaranteed  value of these shares  ($491,000),  which had not been
sold by these two creditors,  were  reclassified to redeemable  common stock. At
December  31,  2004 all  shares  had been  sold by these two  creditors  and the
redeemable common stock was reclassed to equity.

On November 6, 2003 we acquired  and  subsequently  paid,  the  outstanding  ISI
property tax lien  certificates in the aggregate amount of $457,000 from certain
investors.  These tax liens were issued for property taxes and utilities due for
2000, 2001 and 2002.

In March 2004, we issued  487,028  shares to ISI to complete the  acquisition of
the  balance  of ISI's  rights  to market  its  product  as well its  production
<PAGE>  F-15
facility  in New  Brunswick,  New Jersey.  ISI has sold all of its  shares.  The
aggregated cost of the land and buildings was approximately $3,316,000. The cost
of the land and buildings was allocated as follows:

                                    Land              $   423,000

                                    Buildings           2,893,000
                                                        ---------

                                    Total cost        $ 3,316,000
                                                      ===========




We accounted for these transactions as a Business Combination under Statement of
Financial   Accounting  Standards  ("SFAS")  No.  141  Accounting  for  Business
Combinations.

The following table  represents the Unaudited pro forma results of operations as
though the ISI acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2003.

                                 Year Ended December 31, 2003
                               (in thousands except for share data)

Net revenues                                        $  899
Expenses                                           (16,215)
5787:

Net Loss                                          $(15,316)
                                                   ========

Basic and diluted loss per share                     $(.43)
                                                    ------

Weighted average shares outstanding             35,326,594
                                               ===========
--------------------------------------------------------------

(5) Short-term investments:

Securities  classified as available  for sale at December 31, 2003  consisted of
General Motors  commercial paper with a cost  approximating  its market value of
$1,495,000 and matures in April and May 2004, and at December 31, 2004 consisted
of  General  Motors  and Ford  Motor  commercial  paper  with a market  value of
$7,924,000 which was $10,000 less than its cost and matures in May 2005, January
2006 and February 2006 in the amount of $1,018,000,  $3,222,000 and  $3,684,000,
respectively.

(6) Accrued Expenses

Accrued expenses at December 31, 2003 and 2004 consists of the following:

                                                   (000's omitted)
                                                     December 31,
                                                    --------------
                                                    2003      2004
                                                   -----      ------
Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $   366      $  385
Interest                                            158         112
Commissions and royalties                           100          47
Professional fees                                   126          50
Other expenses . . . . . . . . . .                  369         418
                                                 ------       -------
                                                 $ 1,119    $ 1,012
                                                 ======       =======
<PAGE>  F-16
(7)    Debenture Financing

Long term debt consists of the following:

                                            (in thousands)
                                December           December
                                    31, 2003            31, 2004
                                   --------             --------

July 2003 Debenture                $ 2,334                $   -
October 2003 Debenture               4,257                2,072
January 2004 Debenture                   -                3,083
July 2004 Debenture                      -                2,000
                                   ---------            -------
Total                                6,591                7,155

Less Discounts                      (4,533)              (3,602)
                                    ------               ------
Balance                              2,058                3,553

Less Current Portion of long-term debt
(net of discounts of $3,239)           -                 (3,248)
                                    ------               -------

Total long-term debt               $ 2,058               $  305
                                   =======               ======


On March 12, 2003, we issued an aggregate of  $5,426,000 in principal  amount of
6% Senior Convertible  Debentures due January 2005 (the "March  Debentures") and
an aggregate of 743,288  warrants to two  investors in a private  placement  for
aggregate gross proceeds of $4,650,000.  The March  Debentures were to mature on
January 31, 2005 and bore  interest at 6% per annum,  payable  quarterly in cash
or, subject to satisfaction of certain  conditions,  common stock. Any shares of
common stock issued to the  investors as payment of interest  were valued at 95%
of the average  closing  price of the common stock  during the five  consecutive
business  days  ending on the  third  business  day  immediately  preceding  the
applicable  interest  payment date.  Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
March  Debentures,  we pledged  all of our assets,  other than our  intellectual
property,  as collateral  and were subject to comply with certain  financial and
negative  covenants,  which  include  but were not limited to the  repayment  of
principal balances upon achieving certain revenue milestones.

The March Debentures were convertible at the option of the investors at any time
through January 31, 2005 into shares of our common stock.  The conversion  price
under the March  Debentures was fixed at $1.46 per share,  subject to adjustment
for  anti-dilution  protection  for  issuance  of  common  stock  or  securities
convertible  or  exchangeable  into  common  stock  at a  price  less  than  the
conversion price then in effect.

The investors  also  received  Warrants to acquire at any time through March 12,
2008 an  aggregate  of  743,288  shares of common  stock at a price of $1.68 per
share. On March 12, 2004, the exercise price of the Warrants was to reset to the
lesser of the  exercise  price then in effect or a price equal to the average of
the daily price of the common  stock  between  March 13, 2003 and March 11, 2004
(but in no event less than $1.176 per share).  The exercise price (and the reset
price)  under  the  Warrants  also  was  subject  to  similar   adjustments  for
anti-dilution protection. All of these warrants have been exercised.

We entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the investors in connection
with the issuance of the March  Debentures  and the Warrants.  The  Registration
Rights  Agreement  requires that we register the shares of common stock issuable
<PAGE> F-17
upon conversion of the  Debentures,  as interest shares under the Debentures and
upon  exercise of the  Warrants.  In  accordance  with this  agreement,  we have
registered these shares for public sale.

As of December  31, 2003,  the  investors  had  converted  the total  $5,426,000
principal of the March Debentures into 3,716,438 shares of our common stock. The
total  interest on these  debentures  was $111,711 of which  $17,290 was paid in
cash and $94,421 was paid by the  issuance  of shares of our common  stock.  The
investor  exercised all 743,288 warrants in July 2003 which produced proceeds in
the amount of $1,248,724.

On July 10, 2003, we issued an aggregate of $5,426,000 in principal amount of 6%
Senior Convertible Debentures due July 31, 2005 (the "July 2003 Debentures") and
an  aggregate  of  507,102  Warrants  (the  "July  2008  Warrants")  to the same
investors  who  purchased  the  March  Debentures,  in a private  placement  for
aggregate  proceeds  of  $4,650,000.  Pursuant  to the  terms of the  July  2003
Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds from the sale of the July 2003 Debentures
were to have been  held back and  released  to us if,  and only if, we  acquired
ISI's  facility  with in a set  timeframe.  These  funds were  released to us in
October 2003 although we had not acquired  ISI's facility at that time. The July
2003  Debentures  mature on July 31,  2005 and bear  interest  at 6% per  annum,
payable  quarterly in cash or, subject to  satisfaction  of certain  conditions,
common  stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as payment of
interest shall be valued at 95% of the average closing price of the common stock
during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third  business  day
immediately preceding the applicable interest payment date.

The July 2003  Debentures are  convertible at the option of the investors at any
time through July 31, 2005 into shares of our common stock. The conversion price
under the July 2003 Debentures was fixed at $2.14 per share; however, as part of
the subsequent  debenture  placement closed on October 29, 2003 (see below), the
conversion  price under the July 2003 Debentures was lowered to $1.89 per share.
The conversion price is subject to adjustment for  anti-dilution  protection for
issuance of common stock or securities  convertible or exchangeable  into common
stock at a price less than the conversion price then in effect. In addition,  in
the event that we do not pay the  redemption  price at maturity,  the  Debenture
holders,  at their  option,  may convert the balance due at the lower of (a) the
conversion  price then in effect and (b) 95% of the lowest closing sale price of
our common  stock  during the three  trading  days ending on and  including  the
conversion date.

The July 2008 Warrants received by the investors,  as amended, were an aggregate
of 507,102  shares of common  stock at a price of $2.46 per share.  The  amended
Warrants  resulted in an additional debt discount of  approximately  $335,000 in
2004.  These  Warrants were exercised in July 2004 which produced gross proceeds
in the amount of $1,247,470.

On June 25,  2003,  we issued to each of the March 12,  2003  Debenture  holders
warrants to acquire at any time  through June 25, 2008 an aggregate of 1,000,000
shares of common stock at a price of $2.40 per share (the "June 2008 Warrants").
These  warrants were issued as incentive  for the debenture  holders to exercise
prior warrant  issuances.  This issuance resulted in an additional debt discount
to the March  debentures  of  $2,640,000.  Pursuant  to our  agreement  with the
Debenture holders, we have registered the shares issuable upon exercise of these
June 2008 Warrants for public sale.  These  warrants were  exercised in May 2004
and we received gross proceeds of $2,400,000.
<PAGE> F-18
As of December  31, 2004,  the  investors  had  converted  the total  $5,426,000
principal of the July Debentures into 2,870,900 shares of common stock.

On October 29, 2003, we issued an aggregate of $4,142,357 in principal amount of
6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due  October  31,  2005 (the  "October  2003
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 410,134 Warrants (the "October 2008 Warrants")
in a private  placement for aggregate gross proceeds of $3,550,000.  Pursuant to
the terms of the October 2003  Debentures,  $1,550,000  of the proceeds from the
sale of the October 2003 Debentures were held back and were to be released to us
if, and only if, we acquired ISI's  facility  within 90 days of January 26, 2004
and provide a mortgage on the facility as further  security for the October 2003
Debentures. In March 2004, we acquired the facility and we subsequently provided
the  mortgage  of the  facility  to the  Debenture  holders.  The  October  2003
Debentures mature on October 31, 2005 and bear interest at 6% per annum, payable
quarterly in cash or,  subject to  satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common
stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as payment of interest
shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing  price of the common stock during
the five consecutive  business days ending on the third business day immediately
preceding the applicable interest payment date.

Upon completing the sale of the October 2003 Debentures,  we received $3,275,000
in net proceeds  consisting of $1,725,000  from the October 2003  Debentures and
$1,550,000 that had been withheld from the July 2003 Debentures. As noted above,
pursuant to the terms of the October 2003 Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds
from the sale of the October 2003 Debentures had been held back. However,  these
proceeds were released to us in April 2004.  As required by the  Debentures,  we
have  provided a  mortgage  on the ISI  facility  as  further  security  for the
Debentures.

The October 2003  Debentures  are  convertible at the option of the investors at
any time  through  October  31,  2005  into  shares  of our  common  stock.  The
conversion  price under the October 2003 Debentures is fixed at $2.02 per share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion  price then in effect.  In addition,  in the event that we do not
pay the redemption price at maturity,  the Debenture  holders,  at their option,
may convert the  balance  due at the lower of (a) the  conversion  price then in
effect and (b) 95% of the lowest  closing  sale price of our common stock during
the three trading days ending on and including the conversion date.

The October 2008 Warrants, as amended, received by the investors were to acquire
an  aggregate  of 410,134  shares of common stock at a price of $2.32 per share.
The amended  Warrants  resulted in a reduction in debt discount of approximately
$53,000 in 2004. These Warrants were exercised in July 2004 which produced gross
proceeds in the amount of $951,510.

As of December 31, 2004, the investors had converted $2,071,178 principal amount
of the Debenture into 1,025,336 shares of Common Stock.

On January 26, 2004, we issued an aggregate of $4,000,000 in principal amount of
6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due  January  31,  2006 (the  "January  2004
Debentures"),  an aggregate of 790,514  warrants (the "July 2009  Warrants") and
158,103 shares of common stock, and Additional Investment Rights (to purchase up
to  an  additional  $2,000,000  principal  amount  of  January  2004  Debentures
commencing  in six months) in a private  placement for aggregate net proceeds of
$3,695,000.  The  January  2004  Debentures  mature on January 31, 2006 and bear
<PAGE>  F-19
interest at 6% per annum,  payable quarterly in cash or, subject to satisfaction
of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the
investors as payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing
price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business  days ending on
the third business day  immediately  preceding the applicable  interest  payment
date.  Commencing  July 26,  2004,  we are  required to start  repaying the then
outstanding  principal  amount  under the  January  2004  Debentures  in monthly
installments  amortized  over 18 months in cash or, at our option,  in shares of
common stock. After one installment payment of $111,111 in our common stock, one
debenture  holder exercised its right to waive further  installment  payments on
their note.  Any shares of common stock issued to the  investors as  installment
payments shall be valued at 95% of the average closing price of the common stock
during the 10-day  trading  period  commencing  on and  including  the  eleventh
trading day immediately preceding the date that the installment is due.

The January 2004  Debentures  are  convertible at the option of the investors at
any time  through  January  31,  2006  into  shares  of our  common  stock.  The
conversion price under the January 2004 Debentures was fixed at $2.53 per share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion  price then in effect.  In addition,  in the event that we do not
pay the redemption price at maturity,  the Debenture  holders,  at their option,
may convert the  balance  due at the lower of (a) the  conversion  price then in
effect and (b) 95% of the lowest  closing  sale price of our common stock during
the three  trading  days  ending on and  including  the  conversion  date.  Upon
completion  of the August 2004 Private  Placement  (see Note 8), the  conversion
price was lowered to $2.08 per share.  As of December  31, 2004,  the  remaining
principal on these debentures was $3,083,073.  The investors  converted $139,150
principal  amount of the January  2004  Debenture  into 55,000  shares of common
stock. In addition,  installment payments of $777,777 were made to our investors
amounting to 358,932 shares of our common stock.

There are two classes of July 2009 Warrants  received by the Investors:  Class A
and Class B. The Class A  warrants  are to acquire  any time from July 26,  2004
through July 26, 2009 an aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common stock at a
price of $3.29 per share. The Class B warrants are to acquire any time from July
26, 2004 through  July 26, 2009 an  aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common
stock at a price of $5.06 per share.  On January 27, 2005, the exercise price of
these July 2009  Class A and Class B Warrants  will reset to the lesser of their
respective  exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the average of the
daily price of the common stock  between  January 27, 2004 and January 26, 2005.
The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the July 2009  Warrants  also is
subject to similar adjustments for anti-dilution protection. Notwithstanding the
foregoing,  the exercise prices as reset or adjusted for anti-dilution,  will in
no event be less than  $2.58 per  share.  Upon  completion  of the  August  2004
Private  Placement  (see Note 8), the  exercise  price was  lowered to $2.58 per
share.

We also issued to the investors  Additional  Investment Rights pursuant to which
the investors have the right to acquire up to an additional $2,000,000 principal
amount of January 2004 Debentures (the July 2004  Debentures") from us. The July
2004  Debentures  are identical to the January 2004  Debentures  except that the
conversion  price is $2.58.  The investors  exercised the Additional  Investment
Rights  on July 13,  2004 and we  received  net  proceeds  of  $1,860,000.  Upon
completion  of the August 2004 Private  Placement  (see below),  the  conversion
price was lowered to $2.08 per share.  As of December  31, 2004,  the  Debenture
holders had not converted any portion of this debenture.
<PAGE>  F-20

Pursuant  to the  terms  and  conditions  of all of the  outstanding  Debentures
(collectively,  the "Debentures"), we have pledged all of our assets, other than
our  intellectual  property,  as  collateral,  and we are subject to comply with
certain financial and negative covenants.

On May 14, 2004, in consideration for the Debenture  holders' exercise of all of
the June  2008  Warrants,  we  issued  to the  holders  warrants  (the "May 2009
Warrants") to purchase an aggregate of 1,300,000  shares of our common stock. As
a result the warrants were valued at $2,355,000 which was recorded as additional
debt discounts.  We issued  1,000,000  shares of common stock and received gross
proceeds of $2,400,000 from the exercise of the June 2008 Warrants.

The May 2009 Warrants are to acquire at any time commencing on November 14, 2004
through  April 30, 2009 an aggregate  of  1,300,000  shares of common stock at a
price of $4.50 per share.  On May 14, 2005, the exercise price of these May 2009
Warrants  will  reset to the  lesser of the  exercise  price then in effect or a
price equal to the average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between May
15, 2004 and May 13, 2005.  The  exercise  price (and the reset price) under the
May 2009 Warrants also is subject to adjustments  for  anti-dilution  protection
similar  to those in the other  Warrants.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the
exercise price as reset or adjusted for anti-dilution,  will in no event be less
than $4.008 per share.  This  transaction  generated a non-cash  charge of about
$2,300,000 financing costs in the second quarter of 2004. Upon completion of the
August 2004 Private  Placement  (see below),  the exercise  price was lowered to
$4.008 per share.

We entered into Registration  Rights Agreements with the investors in connection
with the issuance of (i) the Debentures;  (ii) the June 2008, July 2008, October
2008, July 2009, and May 2009 Warrants (collectively, the "Warrants"); and (iii)
the  shares  issued  in  January  2004.  Pursuant  to  the  Registration  Rights
Agreements  we have  registered  on behalf of the investors the shares issued to
them in January  2004 and 135% of the shares  issuable  upon  conversion  of the
Debentures  and upon  exercise of all of the  Warrants.  If,  subject to certain
exceptions,  sales of all shares so  registered  cannot be made  pursuant to the
registration statements,  then we will be required to pay to the investors their
pro rata share of $.00067 times the outstanding principal amount of the relevant
Debentures for each day the above condition exists.

As discussed below,  Section 713 of the American Stock Exchange ("AMEX") Company
Guide provides that we must obtain  stockholder  approval before issuance,  at a
price per share below market value, of common stock,  or securities  convertible
into common  stock,  equal to 20% or more of our  outstanding  common stock (the
"Exchange  Cap").  The  Debentures  (including  the July  2004  Debentures)  and
Warrants have  provisions  that require us to pay cash in lieu of issuing shares
upon  conversion  of  the  Debentures  or  exercise  of the  Warrants  if we are
prevented from issuing such shares because of the Exchange Cap. In May 2004, the
Debenture  holders  agreed  to amend  the  provisions  of these  Debentures  and
Warrants to limit the maximum  amount of funds that the holders could receive in
lieu of shares upon conversion of the Debentures and/or exercise of the Warrants
in the event that the Exchange Cap was reached to 119.9% of the conversion price
of the relevant Debentures and 19.9% of the relevant Warrant exercise price. See
below for the accounting effect on this matter.

As of December 31, 2004,  the investors  have  converted  $13,062,329  principal
amount of debt from the  Debentures  issued in March,  July and October 2003 and
January 2004 into  8,026,606  shares of our common stock.  $777,777 of principal
was repaid  with the  issuance  of 358,932  shares of stock.  The March and July
<PAGE> F-21
Debentures have been fully  converted.  The remaining  principal  balance on the
outstanding  Debentures is convertible into shares of our stock at the option of
the investors at any time, through the maturity date. In addition,  we have paid
$1,300,000 into the debenture cash  collateral  account as required by the terms
of the October 2003 Debentures.  The amounts paid through December 31, 2004 have
been  accounted  for as advances  receivable  and are  reflected  as such on the
accompanying  balance sheet as of December 31, 2004. The cash collateral account
provides  partial  security for repayment of the  outstanding  Debentures in the
event of default.

By agreement  with  Cardinal  Securities,  LLC, for general  financial  advisory
services and in conjunction  with the private  debenture  placements in July and
October 2003 and in January, May and July 2004, we paid Cardinal Securities, LLC
an  investment  banking  fee  equal  to 7% of the  investments  made  by the two
Debenture  holders and issued to Cardinal the  following  common stock  purchase
warrants: (i) 112,500 exercisable at $2.57 per share; (ii) 87,500 exercisable at
$2.42 per share;  and (iii) 100,000  exercisable  at $3.04 per share.  The $2.57
warrants  expire on July 10, 2008, the $2.42 warrants expire on October 29, 2008
and the $3.04 warrants expire on January 5, 2009. With regard to the exercise of
the June 2008 Warrants and issuance of the May 2009 Warrants,  Cardinal received
an investment banking fee of 7%, half in cash and half in shares. With regard to
the exercise of the Additional Investment Rights, the July 2008 and October 2008
Warrants and issuance of the July 2009 Warrants, Cardinal received an investment
banking  fee of 7%,  146,980  in cash and  22,703  in  shares  as well as 50,000
warrants  exercisable  at $4.07  expiring on July 12, 2009.  By  agreement  with
Cardinal,  we have  registered all of the foregoing  shares and shares  issuable
upon exercise of the above mentioned warrants for public sale and we have agreed
to register the balance. As a result of all of the transactions discussed above,
the Company recorded $1,430,000 as additional debt discounts.
Section 713 of the AMEX Company Guide  provides that we must obtain  stockholder
approval  before  issuance,  at a price per share below market value,  of common
stock, or securities  convertible into common stock, equal to 20% or more of our
outstanding common stock (the "Exchange Cap"). Taken separately,  the July 2003,
October 2003 and January 2004 Debenture transactions do not trigger Section 713.
However,  the AMEX  took the  position  that the  three  transactions  should be
aggregated and, as such,  stockholder  approval was required for the issuance of
common  stock  for a portion  of the  potential  exercise  of the  warrants  and
conversion of the Debentures in connection with the January 2004 Debentures. The
amount of  potential  shares that we could  exceed the  Exchange Cap amounted to
approximately   1,299,000.   In  accordance  with  EITF  00-19,  Accounting  For
Derivative  Financial  Instruments  Indexed  to  and  Potentially  Settled  in a
Company's Own Stock, we recorded on January 26, 2004, a redemption obligation of
approximately  $1,244,000.  This liability  represented the fair market value of
the warrants and beneficial conversion feature related to the 1,299,000 shares.

In  addition,  in  accordance  with EITF  00-19,  we  revalued  this  redemption
obligation  associated with the beneficial conversion feature and warrants as of
March 31, 2004.  We recorded an  additional  redemption  obligation  and finance
charge of $947,000 as a result of this revaluation.  Upon stockholder  approval,
our redemption  obligation was recorded as additional  paid in capital as of the
date approval was received.

The  requisite  stockholder  approval  was  obtained  at our  Annual  Meeting of
Stockholders  on June 23, 2004. In accordance  with EITF 00-19, we revalued this
redemption  obligation  associated  with the beneficial  conversion  feature and
warrants  as of June 23,  2004.  We  recorded  a  reduction  in the value of the
redemption  obligation  and  financing  charge of  $260,000  as a result of this
revaluation.  In addition,  upon receiving the requisite  stockholder  approval,
<PAGE>  F-22
this redemption  obligation was reclassified as additional paid in capital as of
the date the approval was received or June 23, 2004.


On July 13,  2004,  the  Debenture  holders  exercised  all of the July 2003 and
October  2003  Warrants  and  the  Additional  Investment  Rights  amounting  to
approximately  $4,198,980 in gross  proceeds to the Company.  We issued to these
holders  warrants  (the  "June 2009  Warrants")  to  purchase  an  aggregate  of
1,300,000 shares of common stock. The issuance of these warrants  resulted in an
additional  debt  discount to the note of  $1,320,000  as explained  below and a
financing charge of $2,351,000.

The June 2009 Warrants are to acquire at any time commencing on January 13, 2005
through  June 30, 2009 an  aggregate  of  1,300,000  shares of common stock at a
price of $3.75 per share.  On July 13, 2005,  the  exercise  price of these June
2009 Warrants will reset to the lesser of the exercise price then in effect or a
price equal to the average of the daily price of the common  stock  between July
14, 2004 and July 12, 2005.  The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the
June 2009 Warrants also is subject to adjustments for  anti-dilution  protection
similar  to those in the other  Warrants.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the
exercise price as reset or adjusted for anti-dilution,  will in no event be less
than $3.33 per share.  Upon completion of the August 2004 Private Placement (see
below),  the exercise price was lowered to $3.33 per share. This transaction was
subject to a non-cash  financing  charge of $1,320,000 to be amortized  over the
remaining  life of the October 2003  Debentures.  The Company agreed to register
the  shares  issuable  upon  exercise  of the June  2009  Warrants  pursuant  to
substantially the same terms as the registration  rights agreements  between the
Company and the holders. Pursuant to this obligation, the Company has registered
the shares.

The March,  July,  October and January 2004  issuances of 6% Senior  Convertible
Debentures in the principal amounts of $5,426,000, $4,142,357 and $4,000,000 and
$2,000,000  respectively and related embedded  conversion  features and warrants
issuances  were  accounted  for in  accordance  with EITF 98-5:  Accounting  for
convertible  securities  with  beneficial  conversion  features  or  contingency
adjustable conversion and with EITF No. 00-27:  Application of issue No. 98-5 to
Certain  convertible  instruments.  The Company determined the fair values to be
ascribed to detachable warrants issued with the convertible debentures utilizing
the  Black-Scholes  method.  We recorded debt discounts of  approximately  $17.4
million  which,  in  effect,  reduced  the  carrying  value  of the debt to $3.6
million.  For  additional  information  refer  to  note  7 to  our  consolidated
financial statements for year ended December 31, 2004.


As of December 31, 2004, the Company was in violation of one minor debt covenant
contained within its debenture agreement.  Subsequently,  the we obtained a
letter of waiver from the debenture holders with respect with this matter.

In connection  with the Debenture  agreements,  we have  outstanding  letters of
credit of $1 million as additional collateral.


(8) Stockholders' Equity

(a) Preferred Stock

The Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000  shares of $.01 per value preferred
stock with such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined by the
board of directors.  There were no preferred  shares issued and  outstanding  at
December 31, 2003 and 2004.
<PAGE>  F-23
(b) Common Stock

On July 31, 2003, we had  approximately  104,000 shares of our $.001  authorized
shares of $.001 par value  Common  Stock  that were not issued or  reserved  for
issuance. In order to accommodate the shares needed for the July Debenture,  Dr.
Carter,  our Chief Executive Officer and Cardinal Capital,  the placement agent,
agreed that they would not exercise  their  warrants or options unless and until
our stockholders  approved an increase in our authorized  shares of common stock
(see note 11). This action freed up 3,206,650  shares.  One of the proposals for
the annual  meeting of our  stockholders  that was held in September 2003 was an
amendment to our certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized  shares
of common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000 (the "Proposal"). We could not be
assured that the Proposal would be approved.

Our  stockholders  approved an amendment to our corporate  charter at the Annual
Shareholder  meeting  held in  Philadelphia,  PA on  September  10,  2003.  This
amendment increased our authorized shares from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000.

As of December  31, 2003 and 2004,  39,067,134  and  49,631,766  shares,  net of
shares held in the treasury, were outstanding, respectively.

(c)  Minority Shareholder Interest


On March 20, 2002 our European  Subsidiary  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  S.A.
("Hemispherx,  S.A.")  entered  into a Sales  and  Distribution  agreement  with
Laboratorios  del Dr.  Esteve  S.A.  ("Esteve").  Pursuant  to the  terms of the
Agreement, Esteve was granted the exclusive right to market Ampligen(R) in Spain
Portugal and Andorra for the treatment of Myalgic  Encephalitis/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS").  In addition to other terms and other projected  payments,
Esteve paid an initial and non  refundable  fee of 625,000 Euros  (approximately
$563,000) to Hemispherx  S.A. on April 24, 2002 as the first part of a series of
milestone based payments.

During March 2002,  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  S.A.  (Hemispherx  S.A.) was
authorized  to issue up to 22,000,000  Euros of seven  percent (7%)  convertible
preferred  securities.  Such securities will be guaranteed by the parent company
and will be  converted  into a  specified  number of shares of  Hemispherx  S.A.
pursuant to the securities  agreement.  Conversion is to occur on the earlier of
an initial  public  offering of Hemispherx  S.A. on a European stock exchange or
September 30, 2003.

Esteve  purchased   1,000,000  Euros  of  Hemispherx   Biopharma  Europe  S.A.'s
convertible  preferred  equity  certificates  on May 23, 2002.  During 2002, the
terms and conditions of these  securities  were changed so that these  preferred
equity  certificates  could be  converted  into the common  stock of  Hemispherx
Biopharma,  Inc.  (HEB) in the event that a  European  IPO is not  completed  by
September  30,  2003.  The  conversion  rate is to be 300  shares of  Hemispherx
Biopharma,  Inc.'s  common  shares  for each 1,000  Euro  convertible  preferred
certificate. As a result the Company recorded approximately $946,000 as minority
interest in subsidiary on its balance sheet at December 31, 2002.

On  December  18,  2002,  we  proposed  that Esteve  convert  their  convertible
preferred equity certificates into Hemispherx common stock pursuant to the terms
of the agreement and all unpaid dividends at the market price on that conversion
date. On January 9, 2003,  Esteve accepted our proposal and we registered  these
shares for public sale.

On March 13, 2003, we issued  347,445 shares of our common stock to Provesan SA,
an affiliate of Esteve S.A.,  in exchange  for  1,000,000  Euros of  convertible
<PAGE>  F-24
preferred  equity  certificates  and any  unpaid  dividends.  As a result of the
exchange,  the minority  interest in subsidiary was transferred to stockholders'
equity on such date.

The  contingent  conversion  price  was more than the then  market  value of the
parent  company's  or  subsidiaries'  common  stock  at each  of the  respective
measurement dates. As a result and in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force
(EITF) No. 00-27  "Application  of Issue No. 98-5  (Accounting  for  Convertible
Securities  with  Beneficial  Conversion  Features  or  Contingently  Adjustable
Conversion  Ratios) to Certain  Convertible  Instruments",  the  Company did not
ascribe any value to any contingent conversion feature.

(d) Private Placement

On  August  5,  2004,  the  Company  closed  a  private  placement  with  select
institutional  investors of  approximately  3,617,300 shares of its Common Stock
and warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to approximately 1,085,200 shares of
its Common Stock.  Jefferies & Company,  Inc. acted as Placement Agent for which
it  received  a fee and Common  Stock  Purchase  Warrants.  The  Company  raised
approximately $6,984,000 net proceeds from this private offering.

The Warrant issued to each purchaser is exercisable  for up to 30% of the number
of shares of Common Stock  purchased  by such  Purchaser,  at an exercise  price
equal to $2.86 per  share.  Each  Warrant  has a term of five years and is fully
exercisable from the date of issuance.

Pursuant to the  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  made and  entered  into as of
August 5, 2004 (the "Rights Agreement"),  the Company has registered the resales
of the shares issued to the Purchasers and shares  issuable upon the exercise of
the Warrants.

Closing  of the  August  2004  Private  Placement  triggered  the  anti-dilution
provisions of the January 2004  Debentures and the July 2004  Debentures and the
July 2009 Warrants and the June 2009 Warrants.  The conversion  price adjustment
for the  Debentures  noted above  resulted in an adjustment of $1,320,000 in the
third quarter 2004 to the Debenture discount and additional paid-in-capital. Any
adjustment to the Debenture  discount will be amortized  over the remaining life
of the Debentures. The exercise price adjustment for the above warrants resulted
in a non-cash financing  adjustment in the third quarter 2004 upon revaluing the
warrants at the new anti-dilution pricing using the Black-Scholes Method.


(e) Common Stock Options and Warrants

(i) Stock Options

The 1990 Stock  Option Plan  provides for the grant of options to purchase up to
460,798  shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock to  employees,  directors,  and
officers of the Company and to  consultants,  advisors,  and other persons whose
contributions  are  important to the success of the Company.  The  recipients of
options  granted  under the 1990 Stock Option  Plan,  the number of shares to be
converted  by each  option,  and the  exercise  price,  vesting  terms,  if any,
duration and other terms of each option  shall be  determined  by the  Company's
board of directors or, if delegated by the board, its Compensation Committee. No
option is exercisable more than 10 years and one month from the date as of which
an option  agreement is executed.  These shares  become vested  through  various
periods  not to exceed  four  years  from the date of grant.  The  option  price
represents the fair market value of each underlying share of Common Stock at the
date of grant, based upon the public trading price.
<PAGE>  F-25
Information  regarding the options  approved by the Board of Directors under the
1990 Stock Option Plan is summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                               2002                             2003                                 2004
                    --------------------------       --------------------------              --------------------
                                        Weighted                         Weighted                         Weighted
                                        Average                          Average                          Average
                             Option     Exercise              Option     Exercise              Option     Exercise
                             -------                          -------                          -------
                   Shares      Price    Price       Shares    Price      Price       Shares    Price      Price
                   ------      -----    ----------  ------    -----      ----------  ------    -----      -----
<S>                  <C>         <C>     <C>          <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>      <C>       <C>
Outstanding,
beginning of
year               306,263   $1.06-4.34   $3.58     294,665   $1.06-4.34   $3.50     433,134   $1.06-4.34    $3.10

Granted               -          -          -       200,000     $2.75      $2.75        -

Canceled           (11,598)   $3.00-4.34   $3.71    (61,531)   $3.80-4.03   $3.97    (18,432)     $4.34       $4.34

Exercised             -          -          -          -          -          -          -          -           -
                                                       -                                -
Outstanding,
end of year        294,665   $1.06-4.34   $3.57     433,134   $1.06-4.34   $3.10     414,702   $2.71-4.03    $3.11
                   =======                          =======                          =======

Exercisable        252,746   $1.06-4.34   $3.50     433,134   $1.06-4.34   $3.10     414,702   $2.71-4.03    $3.11
                   =======                          =======                          =======

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual          3.68                             3.37                             8.24
                    =====                            =====                            =====
life (years)        years                            years                            years
                    =====                            =====                            =====

Exercised in
current and
prior years       (37,791)                         (37,791)                         (37,791)
                  ========                         ========                         ========

Available for
future grants      200,000                            -0-                             8,305
                   =======                            ===                             =====

</TABLE>

The following table summarizes  information  about these options  outstanding at
December 31, 2004:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Exercise Price Range
<S>                                        <C>                  <C>               <C>               <C>
                                      $2.71 - $2.75            $3.50              $4.03            Total
Outstanding Options:
Number Outstanding                     273,728                 54,974            86,000             414,702
Remaining contracted life years        9.0                     4.0               3.0                7.1
Weighted average exercise price        $2.74                   $3.50             $4.03              $3.1
Exercisable Options:
Number outstanding                     273,728                 54,974            86,000             414,702
Weighted average exercise price        $2.74                   $3.50             $4.03              $3.1

</TABLE>
In December  1992,  the Board of  Directors  approved the 1992 Stock Option Plan
(the 1992 Stock Option Plan) which provides for the grant of options to purchase
up to 92,160 shares of the Company's Common Stock to employees,  directors,  and
officers of the Company and to  consultants,  advisors,  and other persons whose
contributions are important to the success of the Company. The recipients of the
options  granted  under the 1992 Stock Option  Plan,  the number of shares to be
covered by each option, and the exercise price,  vesting terms, if any, duration
and other terms of each option shall be  determined  by the  Company's  board of
directors.  No option is  exercisable  more than 10 years and one month from the
<PAGE> F-26
date as of which an option agreement is executed.  To date, no options have been
granted under the 1992 Stock Option Plan.

The Company's  1993 Employee  Stock  Purchase Plan (the 1993 Purchase  Plan) was
approved  by the  board of  directors  in July  1993.  The  outline  of the 1993
Purchase  Plan  provides for the  issuance,  subject to  adjustment  for capital
changes, of an aggregate of 138,240 shares of Common Stock to employees.

The 1993  Purchase Plan is  administered  by the  Compensation  Committee of the
board of directors. Under the 1993 Purchase Plan, Company employees are eligible
to participate in semi-annual plan offerings in which payroll  deductions may be
used to purchase  shares of Common Stock.  The purchase price for such shares is
equal to the lower of 85% of the fair market value of such shares on the date of
grant or 85% of its fair  market  value of such shares on the date such right is
exercised. There have been no offerings under the 1993 Purchase Plan to date and
no shares of Common Stock have been issued thereunder.

During 2003, the Company issued options to acquire 200,000 shares to its general
counsel  under the 1990 plan for  services  rendered.  As a result,  the Company
charged operating expenses in the amount of $237,000.

The  Equity  Incentive  Plan  effective  May 1,  2004,  authorizes  the grant of
non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock and other stock awards.  A maximum of 8,000,000  shares of common stock is
reserved for potential  issuance  pursuant to awards under the Equity  Incentive
Plan.  Unless  sooner  terminated,  the Equity  Incentive  Plan will continue in
effect for a period of 10 years from its effective date.

The Equity Incentive Plan is administered by the Board of Directors.  The Equity
Incentive  Plan  provides  for  awards  to be made to such  officers,  other key
employees,  non-employee directors,  consultants and advisors of the Company and
its subsidiaries as the Board may select.

Stock options awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan may be exercisable at such
times  (not later  than 10 years  after the date of grant) and at such  exercise
prices (not less than fair  market  value at the date of grant) as the Board may
determine.  The Board may provide for options to become immediately  exercisable
upon a "change in  control,"  which is defined in the Equity  Incentive  Plan to
occur upon any of the following  events:  (a) the  acquisition  by any person or
group,  as beneficial  owner,  of 20% or more of the  outstanding  shares or the
voting power of the outstanding securities of the Company; (b) either a majority
of the  directors  of  Company  at the  annual  stockholders  meeting  has  been
nominated  other than by or at the direction of the  incumbent  directors of the
Board,  or the  incumbent  directors  cease  to  constitute  a  majority  of the
Company's  Board;  (c) the  Company's  stockholders  approve  a merger  or other
business  combination  pursuant  to which the  outstanding  common  stock of the
Company no longer  represents  more than 50% of the  combined  entity  after the
transaction;   (d)  the  Company's  shareholders  approve  a  plan  of  complete
liquidation or an agreement for the sale or disposition of all or  substantially
all of the Company's assets;  or (e) any other event or circumstance  determined
by the  Company's  Board to affect  control of the  Company  and  designated  by
resolution of the Board as a change of control.
<PAGE>  F-27
       Information  regarding  the options  approved  by the Board of  Directors
under the Equity Incentive Plan is summarized below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    2004
                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   ------------------------ ----------------------- ---------------------
<S>                                          <C>                    <C>                     <C>
                                                                                      Weighted Average
                                                                                          Exercise
                                           Shares               Option Price Price

Granted                                    633,080                $1.90-3.44               $2.56

Canceled                                      -                       -                      -

Exercised                                     -                       -                      -
                                              -

Outstanding end of year                    633,080                $1.90-3.44               $2.56
                                           =======

Exercisable                                538,432                $2.60-3.44               $2.68
                                           =======

Weighted  average remaining
contractual life (years)                  -10 years
                                          =========

Exercised in current year                     -
                                              =

Available for future grants               7,366,920
                                          =========

</TABLE>
(ii) Stock warrants


Number of warrants exercisable into shares of common stock
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              2002                                 2003                                   2004
                    --------------------------            -------------------------                ------------------
<S>                   <C>       <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>             <C>         <C>        <C>
                                          Weighted                             Weighted                              Weighted
                                          Average                              Average                               Average
                               Option     Exercise                  Option     Exercise                   Option     Exercise
                               -------                              -------                               -------
                   Shares        Price    Price         Shares      Price      Price          Shares      Price      Price
                   ------        -----    -----         ------      -----      ----------     ------      -----      -----

Outstanding                              0                                    0                                     0
beginning of
year              6,927,110    $1.75-16.0   $4.77      7,967,810    $1.75-16.0   $3.18      11,502,796    $1.74-16.0   $3.57

Granted           1,802,000    $2.00-6.00   $2.07      4,623,024    $1.68-2.57   $2.32      4,791,187     $2.58-4.20   $3.25

Canceled          (750,000)    $3.50-6.00   $3.72      (276,000)    $4.00-10.00  $6.54      (858,360)     $4.00-8.00   $5.34

Exercised       (11,300)       $1.75-7.50   $3.30      (812,038)    $1.68-1.75   $1.69     (2,268,586)    $1.74-3.50   $2.32
                --------                               ---------                           -----------

Outstanding                              0                                    0                                     0
end of year       7,967,810    $1.75-16.0   $3.18     11,502,796    $1.74-16.0   $3.57      13,167,037    $1.75-16.0   $3.46
                  =========                           ==========                            ==========

Exercisable       6,345,810    $1.75-16.00  $3.48      8,635,560    $1.74-16.00  $4.11      12,667,037    $1.75-16.00  $3.46
                  =========                            =========                            ==========

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual
life (years)     4.03 years                           4.04 years                            4.3 years
                 ==========                           ==========                            =========

Years
exercisable       2003-2008                            2004-2008                            2005-2009
                  =========                            =========                            =========
</TABLE>
<PAGE>  F-28
The following table summarizes  information about stock warrants  outstanding at
December 31, 2004:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Exercise price range                                      Total
<S>                                          <C>                 <C>                   <C>                    <C>
                                          $1.75-$5.00         $6.00-$9.00         $10.00-$16.00           $1.75-$16.00
                                  -------------------- ------------------- --------------------- ----------------------
Outstanding warrants
Number outstanding                         11,703,387             863,650               600,000             13,167,037
Weighted average remaining
contractual life(years)
                                                 4.00                2.22                  1.46                   4.30
Weighted average exercise price                 $2.85               $6.89                $12.33                  $3.46
Exercisable warrants
Number outstanding                         11,203,387             836,650               600,000             12,667,037
Weighted average exercise price                 $2.88               $6.89                $12.33                  $3.46

</TABLE>
Certain of the stock warrants  outstanding  are subject to adjustments for stock
splits and dividends.

Warrants issued to stockholders

At December 31, 2001 there were 232,160 warrants remaining. In 2002, 10,000 were
converted  to common  stock.  At December  31, 2002 and 2003 there were  222,160
warrants remaining.  These warrants had an exercise price of $3.50 per share and
expired in October 2004.

Other stock warrants

The Company has issued other stock  warrants  outstanding - totaling  13,167,037
which consists of the following:

In November 1994, the Company granted Rule 701 Warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 2,080,000  shares of Common Stock to certain  officers and  directors.  These
Warrants  are  exercisable  at $3.50 per share and,  if not  exercised,  were to
expire in September,  1999. On February 19, 1999 the Board of Directors extended
the  expiration  date for  three  more  years.  In 1999  235,000  warrants  were
exercised and 5,000 warrants were exercised in 2000. At December 31, 2000, there
were  1,840,000  Rule 701 warrants  remaining.  In 2001 20,000 of these warrants
expired,  leaving a balance of 1,820,000 in warrants outstanding at December 31,
2001.  During  2002,  420,000  warrants  expired  and the Company  extended  the
expiration date of the remaining balance of 1,400,000 for a period of five years
to now expire on September 30, 2007. These stock warrants have an exercise price
of $3.50. In accordance with FASB  Interpretation No. 44, Accounting for Certain
Transactions   involving  Stock  Compensation,   no  compensation   expense  was
recognized as the exercise  price at the extension  date exceeded the fair value
of the underlying common stock.

In May 1995,  the Company  and  certain  officers,  directors  and  shareholders
entered into a standby finance agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to
provide an aggregate of  $5,500,000  in financing to the Company  during 1995 in
the event that existing and additional  financing was  insufficient to cover the
cash needs of the Company  through  December 31, 1996. In exchange,  the Company
issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,750,000  shares of Common Stock at
$1.75 per share to the parties.  In 1999,  290,000,  in 2000,  216,500, in 2001,
200,000,  2002,  1,300,  2003 35,000 and in 2004 205,000 of these  warrants were
exercised,  leaving a balance of these  warrants of  1,210,200.  These  warrants
expire June 30, 2005.
<PAGE> F-29
In the years 2001,  2002 and 2003,  the Company  issued  450,000,  25,000 and no
warrants,  respectively,  exclusive of warrants  issued in  connection  with the
Company's 2003 Debenture  issuances (see below), to investment banking firms for
services performed on behalf of the Company.  Accordingly,  the Company recorded
stock  compensation  of 637,000,  133,000 and none for the years 2001,  2002 and
2003,  respectively.  These warrants have various  vesting dates and exercisable
prices  ranging  from  $4.00  to  $16.00  per  share.  1,193,800  warrants  were
outstanding  at December 31, 2002. In 2003,  225,000 of these  warrants  expired
leaving a balance of 968,800 warrants at December 31, 2003. In 2004,  193,800 of
these  warrants  expired  leaving a balance of 775,000  warrants at December 31,
2004. These warrants are exercisable in five years from the date of issuance.

In 2002,  2003 and 2004 the  Company  had  non-public  warrants  outstanding  of
3,701,650, 5,100,650, and 4,645,650 respectively. These warrants are exercisable
at rates of $2.20 to $10.00 per share of common  stock.  The exercise  price was
equal to the fair  market  value of the stock on the date of grant.  During 2003
the Company  granted  1,450,000  warrants to employees with an exercise price of
$2.20 for services  performed  and 51,000  warrants  expired.  During 2002,  the
Company granted 1,777,000  warrants to employees for services  performed.  These
warrants have a weighted  average  exercise  price of $2.07 per share,  and have
been included in the pro-forma loss  calculation in note 2(n).  2,254,650 of the
non-public  warrants were outstanding at December 31, 2002. During 2002, none of
these warrants were exercised and 750,000  expired.  3,701,650 of the non-public
warrants were outstanding at December 31, 2002. At December 31, 2003,  5,100,650
warrants were outstanding.  During 2004, 15,000 warrants were issued and 470,000
expired  leaving a balance of 4,645,650  at December  31, 2004.  During 2002 the
Company also  extended the  expiration  date of 322,000 of these  warrants for a
period of five  years to now  expire in the years  ending  2007 and 2008.  These
stock  warrants have exercise  prices  ranging from $3.50 to $4.00 In accordance
with FASB Interpretation No. 44, Accounting for Certain  Transactions  involving
Stock Compensation, no compensation expense was recognized as the exercise price
at the extension date exceeded the fair value of the underlying common stock.

 In 2003 the company issued warrants to acquire  3,173,024  shares in connection
with the  financing of the purchase of the assets of Interferon  Sciences,  Inc.
During  2003,  777,038 of these  warrants  were  exercised  leaving a balance of
2,395,986  at December  31,  2003.  During  2004,  4,776,187  shares were issued
related to debt financing and 2,035,986 shares were exercised  leaving a balance
of 5,136,189 shares at December 31, 2004.

(e) Stock Repurchase

The  Company's  repurchases  of shares of common stock are recorded as "Treasury
Stock" and result in a reduction of "Stockholders' equity." When treasury shares
are reissued,  the Company uses a first-in,  first-out  method and the excess of
repurchase cost over  reissuance  price is treated as a reduction of "Additional
paid-in  capital." At December  31, 2003 there were 443 shares in the  treasury.
During 2003 most of the then existing  treasury shares were either  re-issued or
retired. There was no Treasury Stock repurchased, re-issued or retired in 2004.

(f) Rights offering

On November 19, 2002, the Board of Directors of Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. (the
"Company")  declared a dividend  distribution of one Right for each  outstanding
share of Common  Stock to  stockholders  of record at the close of  business  on
<PAGE>  F-30
November 29, 2002 (the "Record Date"). Each Right entitles the registered holder
to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one  one-hundredth  of a share
(a "Unit") of Series A Junior Participating  Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per
share (the "Series A Preferred  Stock") at a Purchase  Price of $30.00 per Unit,
subject to adjustment.  The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in
a Rights Agreement (the "Rights  Agreement") between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent.

 Initially,   the  Rights  are  attached  to  all  Common   Stock   certificates
representing  shares then outstanding,  and no separate Rights Certificates will
be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Rights Agreement,
the Rights will  separate  from the Common  Stock and a  Distribution  Date will
occur upon the  earlier of (i) 10 days  following a public  announcement  that a
person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an "Acquiring  Person") has
acquired  beneficial  ownership  of 15% or more (or 20% or more for  William  A.
Carter,  M.D.) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "Stock Acquisition
Date"), other than as a result of repurchases of stock by the Company or certain
inadvertent  actions by institutional  or certain other  stockholders or (ii) 10
business  days (or such later date as the Board shall  determine)  following the
commencement  of a tender offer or exchange  offer that would result in a person
or group  becoming an Acquiring  Person.  Until the  Distribution  Date, (i) the
Rights  will  be  evidenced  by  the  Common  Stock  certificates  and  will  be
transferred with and only with such Common Stock  certificates,  (ii) new Common
Stock  certificates  issued  after  the  Record  Date will  contain  a  notation
incorporating  the Rights  Agreement by reference  and (iii) the  surrender  for
transfer of any certificates  for Common Stock  outstanding will also constitute
the transfer of the Rights  associated with the Common Stock represented by such
certificate. Pursuant to the Rights Agreement, the Company reserves the right to
require prior to the  occurrence of a Triggering  Event (as defined below) that,
upon any exercise of Rights,  a number of Rights be exercised so that only whole
shares of Preferred Stock will be issued.

(9) Segment and Related Information

The Company  operates in one segment,  which performs  research and  development
activities related to Ampligen(R) and other drugs under  development,  and sales
and marketing of Alferon(R).

The following  table  presents  revenues by country based on the location of the
use of the product services.

                               (000's omitted)
                        2002        2003         2004
                        -----       ----        ----

United States           $237        $655        $1,225
Belgium                   74           2             4
Other                     30           -             -
                          --        ----        ------
                        $ 341      $ 657        $1,229
                       ======      =====        ======

In addition,  in 2002, the Company  recorded License Fee Income in the amount of
$563,000 from a Company located in Europe.  The Company employs an insignificant
amount of net property and equipment in its foreign operations.

<PAGE>  F-31
(10) Research, Consulting and Supply Agreements

In  December,   1999,  the  Company  entered  into  an  agreement  with  Biovail
Corporation International ("Biovail").  Biovail is an international full service
pharmaceutical   company   engaged  in  the   formulation,   clinical   testing,
registration and manufacture of drug products  utilizing  advanced drug delivery
systems.  Biovail is  headquartered  in Toronto,  Canada.  The agreement  grants
Biovail the exclusive  distributorship  of the Company's product in the Canadian
territories subject to certain terms and conditions.  In return,  Biovail agrees
to  conduct  certain  pre-marketing  clinical  studies  and  market  development
programs, including without limitation,  expansion of the Emergency Drug Release
Program in Canada with respect to the Company' products.  Biovail agrees to work
with the Company in preparing and filing of a New Drug  Submission with Canadian
Regulatory  Authorities.  Biovail invested $2.25 million in Hemispherx equity at
prices above the then current  market price and agreed to make further  payments
based on reaching certain regulatory milestones.  The Agreement requires Biovail
to  penetrate  certain  market  segments at specific  rates in order to maintain
market exclusivity.

The Company has entered  into  agreements  for  consulting  services,  which are
performed at medical research  institutions and by medical and clinical research
individuals. The Company's obligation to fund these agreements can be terminated
after the initial funding period, which generally ranges from one to three years
or on an as-needed monthly basis. During the year ending December 31, 2002, 2003
and 2004 the Company  incurred  approximately  $389,000,  $395,000  and $220,000
respectively, of consulting service fees under these agreements. These costs are
charged to research and development expense as incurred.

(11) 401(K) Plan

The Company has a defined  contribution plan, entitled the Hemispherx  Biopharma
Employees 401(K) Plan and Trust Agreement (the 401(K) Plan). Full time employees
of the Company are eligible to participate in the 401(K) Plan following one year
of  employment.  Subject to  certain  limitations  imposed by federal  tax laws,
participants  are eligible to  contribute  up to 15% of their salary  (including
bonuses and/or commissions) per annum. Participants' contributions to the 401(K)
Plan may be matched by the Company at a rate determined annually by the Board of
Directors.

Each participant  immediately vests in his or her deferred salary contributions,
while Company  contributions will vest over one year. In 2002, 2003 and 2004 the
Company provided matching  contributions to each employee for up to 6% of annual
pay aggregating $38,000, $34,000 and $77,000 respectively.

(12) Royalties, License, and Employment Agreements

The  Company  also  has  entered  into a  licensing  agreement  with a group  of
individuals  and Hahnemann  University  relating to their  contributions  to the
development of certain compounds, including Ampligen(R), and to obtain exclusive
information  and  regulatory  rights  relating  to these  compounds.  Under this
agreement,  the Company will pay 2% of net sales proceeds of Ampligen(R)  not to
exceed an aggregate amount of $6 million per year through 2005.

In August 1988, the Company entered into a pharmaceutical  use license agreement
with Temple University (the Temple Agreement).  In July, 1994, Temple terminated
the Temple Agreement. In November 1994, the Company filed suit against Temple in
the Superior Court of the State of Delaware seeking a declaratory  judgment that
the agreement was unlawfully terminated by Temple and therefore remained in full
force and effect.  Temple filed a separate  suit  against the Company  seeking a
declaratory   judgment  that  its  agreement   with  the  Company  was  properly
<PAGE>  F-32
terminated. These legal actions have now been settled. Under the settlement, the
parties have entered into a new pharmaceutical use license agreement (New Temple
Agreement)  that is  equivalent  in duration and scope to the previous  license.
Under the terms of the New  Temple  Agreement,  Temple  granted  the  Company an
exclusive  world-wide  license for the term of the agreement for the  commercial
sale of Oragen  products  using patents and related  technology  held by Temple,
which  license is exclusive  except to the extent  Temple is required to grant a
license to any governmental agency or non-profit  organization as a condition of
funding for research and  development of the patents and technology  licensed to
the Company.

In October 1994, the Company  entered into a licensing  agreement with Bioclones
(Propriety)  Limited  (SAB/Bioclones)  with respect to co-development of various
RNA drugs,  including  Ampligen(R),  for a period  ending  three  years from the
expiration  of the last  licensed  patents.  The  licensing  agreement  provides
SAB/Bioclones with an exclusive  manufacturing and marketing license for certain
southern  hemisphere  countries  (including  certain countries in South America,
Africa and  Australia as well as the United  Kingdom and Ireland  (the  licensed
territory).  In exchange  for these  marketing  and  manufacturing  rights,  the
licensing  agreement provides for: (a) a $3 million cash payment to the Company,
all of which was  received  during the year ended  December  31,  1995;  (b) the
formation and issuance to the Company of 24.9% of the capital stock of Ribotech,
Ltd., a company which developed and operates a new  manufacturing  facility that
produces raw material components of Ampligen(R) and (c) royalties of 6% to 8% of
net sales of the licensed products in the licensed territories as defined, after
the first $50 million of sales.  SAB/Bioclones  will be granted a right of first
refusal to manufacture and supply to the Company licensed  products for not less
than one third of its world-wide sales of Ampligen(R),  excluding  SAB/Bioclones
related sales. In addition,  SAB/Bioclones  will have the right of first refusal
for oral  vaccines in the  licensed  territory.  In 2000,  the  Company  paid to
Ribotech a total of $500,000 for the current and future  purchases  and delivery
of  polymers.  Of the  $500,000  advanced  in 2000,  a balance of  $390,000  was
included in other assets in 2000 and was used for purchases of polymers in 2001.
In 2002, $262,000 was paid to Ribotech for delivery of Polymers.

On December 27,  2004,  we initiated a lawsuit in Federal  Court  identifying  a
conspiratorial  group seeking to illegally  manipulate our stock for purposes of
bringing  about a hostile  takeover of  Hemispherx.  This  conspiratorial  group
includes Bioclones.  This legal action may adversely affect our relationship and
collaborative agreement with Bioclones.


In October  1994,  the Board of Directors  granted a director of the Company the
right to receive 3% of gross  proceeds  of any  licensing  fees  received by the
Company  pursuant to the  SAB/Bioclones  licensing  agreement,  a fee of .75% of
gross  proceeds in the event that SAB Bioclones  makes a tender offer for all or
substantially  all of the Company's assets,  including a merger,  acquisition or
related  transaction,  and a fee  of 1% on  all  products  manufactured  by  SAB
Bioclones.  The Company may prepay in full its obligation to provide commissions
within a ten year period.

On March 20, 2002, our European  subsidiary  Hemispherx  Biopharma Europe,  S.A.
("Hemispherx  S.A.")  entered  into a  sales  and  Distribution  agreement  with
Laboratories  Del Dr.  Esteve  S.A.  ("Esteve").  Pursuant  to the  terms of the
agreement,  Esteve was  granted the  exclusive  right to market  Ampligen(R)  in
Spain,  Portugal  and  Andorra  for the  treatment  of  Myalgic/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS").  In addition to other terms and other projected  payments,
Esteve paid an initial and  non-refundable  fee of 625,000 Euros  (approximately
$563,000)  to  Hemispherx  S.A.  on April  24,  2002.  Esteve is to pay a fee of
1,000,000 Euros after U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approval of Ampligen(R)
<PAGE>  F-33
for the treatment of ME/CFS and a fee of 1,000,000  Euros upon Spain's  approval
of the final marketing  authorization for using Ampligen(R) for the treatment of
ME/CFS.

In  connection  with the two  agreements  entered  into with ISI, the Company is
obligated  to pay ISI a 6% royalty on the net sales of the  Alferon N  Injection
product.

The Company has contractual  agreements with two of its officers.  The aggregate
annual base compensation  under these contractual  agreements for 2002, 2003 and
2004 was $620,000,  $637,000 and $761,000 respectively.  In addition, certain of
these officers are entitled to receive  performance  bonuses of up to 25% of the
annual base salary (in  addition to the  bonuses  described  below).  In 2002 no
performance  bonuses  were  granted.  In 2003 and 2004,  bonuses of $266,100 and
$165,300  respectively  were  granted.  In 2002,  certain  officers were granted
warrants  and option to  purchase  1,220,000  shares of common  stock at $2.00 -
$4.03 per share. In 2003, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company was granted
warrants to purchase  1,450,000  shares of common stock at $2.20 per share.  The
Chief Executive  Officer's  employment  agreement  provides for bonuses based on
gross  proceeds  received by the  Company  from any joint  venture or  corporate
partnering  agreement.  In 2004, the Chief Executive  Officer of the Company was
granted  options to purchase  320,000  shares of common stock at $2.60 per share
and $3.44 per share and the Chief  Financial  Officer of the Company was granted
options to purchase 63,824 shares of common stock at $2.60 and $3.44 per share.

In order to facilitate the Company's  need to obtain  financing and prior to our
shareholders approving an amendment to our corporate charter to merge the number
of authorized shares, Dr. Carter, the Company's Chief Executive Officer,  agreed
to waive his right to exercise certain warrants and options unless and until our
shareholder approved an increase in our authorized shares of Common Stock.

In October 2003, in recognition of this action as well as Dr. Carter's prior and
on-going  efforts relating to product  development  securing  critically  needed
financing and the acquisition of a new product line, the Compensation  Committee
determined  that Dr. Carter be awarded bonus  compensation in 2003 consisting of
$196,636 and a grant of 1,450,000 stock warrants for a value of $1,769,000 based
on Black Scholes  calculations  with an exercise price of $2.20 per share.  This
additional  compensation was reviewed by an independent valuation firm and found
to be fair and reasonable within the context of total compensation paid to chief
executive officers of comparable  biotechnology  companies.  These warrants vest
upon the  earlier of the second ISI Asset  closing or the filing by the  Company
with the U.S. Food and Drug  Administration of a new drug application.  Upon the
occurrence  of either of these  events,  the Company will expense the  intrinsic
value, if any, of the warrants.
<PAGE>  F-34
(13) Leases

The Company has several  noncancelable  operating  leases for the space in which
its principal offices are located and certain office equipment.

Future minimum lease payments under
         noncancelable operating leases are as follows:
                                 (000's omitted)
               Year ending                             Operating
                December 31,                           leases
               -----------                            ---------


           2005. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       187
           2006. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       193
           2007. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        65
                                                      ----------
           Total minimum lease payments. . . . . . . .     $ 445
                                                      ==========

Rent expense  charged to operations for the years ended December 31, 2002,  2003
and 2004 amounted to approximately $307,000, $266,000 and $269,000 respectively.
The term of the lease for the Rockville, Maryland facility is through June, 2005
with an average rent of $8,000 per month, plus applicable taxes and charges. The
term of the lease for the Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania  offices is through April,
2007 with an  average  rent of  $15,000  per month,  plus  applicable  taxes and
charges.

(14) Income Taxes

As of December 31, 2004,  the Company has  approximately  $88,000,000 of federal
net  operating  loss  carryforwards  (expiring in the years 2005  through  2025)
available  to  offset  future  federal  taxable  income.  The  Company  also has
approximately $24,000,000 of state net operating loss carryforwards (expiring in
the years 2005 through 2009)  available to offset  future state taxable  income.
The utilization of certain state net operating loss carryforwards may be subject
to annual limitations.

Under  the Tax  Reform  Act of 1986,  the  utilization  of a  corporation's  net
operating loss  carryforward  is limited  following a greater than 50% change in
ownership.  Due to the  Company's  prior and current  equity  transactions,  the
Company's  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  may  be  subject  to  an  annual
limitation  generally  determined by multiplying the value of the Company on the
date of the  ownership  change by the federal  long-term  tax exempt  rate.  Any
unused annual  limitation may be carried forward to future years for the balance
of the net operating loss carryforward period.

Deferred  income  taxes  reflect  the net tax effects of  temporary  differences
between  carrying  amounts of assets and  liabilities  for  financial  reporting
purposes and the carrying amounts used for income tax purposes. In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets,  management  considers  whether it is more
likely than not that some  portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized.  The  realization  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  dependent  upon  the
generation  of future  taxable  income  during the  periods  in which  temporary
differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Due to
the uncertainty of the Company's  ability to realize the benefit of the deferred
tax asset, the deferred tax assets are fully offset by a valuation  allowance at
December 31, 2003 and 2004.
<PAGE> F-35

The  components  of the net  deferred  tax asset of  December  31, 2003 and 2004
consists of the following:

                                              (000,s omitted)
Deferred tax assets:                    2003                         2004
                                        ----                         ----
Net operating losses                  $24,700                      $29,863
Accrued Expenses and Other                 12                           41
Capitalized Research and
   development costs                    2,825                        2,664
                                      --------                      -----
                                       27,537                       32,568
Less: Valuation Allowance             (27,537)                     (32,568)
                                      --------                     --------
Balance                                 $ -0-                       $ -0-
                                        =====                       =====

(15) Contingencies

On September  30,  1998,  we filed a  multi-count  complaint  against  Manuel P.
Asensio,  Asensio & Company,  Inc.  ("Asensio").  The action  included claims of
defamation,  disparagement,  tortuous interference with existing and prospective
business relations and conspiracy, arising out of Asensio's false and defamatory
statements. The complaint further alleged that Asensio defamed and disparaged us
in furtherance of a manipulative, deceptive and unlawful short-selling scheme in
August and September,  1998. In 1999,  Asensio filed an answer and  counterclaim
alleging  that in response to  Asensio's  strong sell  recommendation  and other
press  releases,  we made  defamatory  statements  about Asensio.  We denied the
material  allegations of the counterclaim.  In July 2000, following dismissal in
federal court for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, we transferred the action
to the Pennsylvania State Court. In March 2001, the defendants  responded to the
complaints as amended and a trial  commenced on January 30, 2002. A jury verdict
disallowed the claims  against the  defendants for defamation and  disparagement
and the court granted us a directed verdict on the counterclaim. On July 2, 2002
the  Court  entered  an  order  granting  us a new  trial  against  Asensio  for
defamation and disparagement. Thereafter, Asensio appealed the granting of a new
trial to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania.  The Superior Court of Pennsylvania
has denied  Asensio's  appeal.  Asensio has now  petitioned the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania for allowance of an appeal. We have opposed Asensio's  petition for
allowance  of appeal and the matter is now pending  before the Supreme  Court of
Pennsylvania.

         In June 2002, a former  ME/CFS  clinical  trial patient and her husband
filed a claim in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Middlesex County, against us,
one of our clinical trial  investigators and others alleging that she was harmed
in the ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach of warranties.
On June 25, 2004 all claims against us were dismissed with prejudice. The former
ME/CFS clinical trial patient and her husband have now appealed the dismissal of
their claims to the New Jersey Superior  Court,  Appellate  Division,  where the
matter is now pending.

         In June 2002, a former ME/CFS clinical trial patient in Belgium filed a
claim in  Belgium,  against  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  NV/SA,  our Belgian
subsidiary,  and one of our clinical trial  investigators  alleging that she was
harmed in the Belgium ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach
of  warranties.  We believe the claim is without  merit and we are defending the
claim against us through our product liability insurance carrier.

         In  June  2004,  One  Penn  Associates,  L.P.  filed  a  claim  in  the
Philadelphia  Municipal  Court  for the  Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania  seeking
<PAGE>  F-36
$44,242.68  for alleged  unpaid  rent and charges  related to our offices in One
Penn  Center in  Philadelphia.  We believe  this claim is without  merit and are
defending  same  pursuant  to the  terms  of our  lease as we were  damaged  and
deprived of the use of a portion of the offices due to water from the landlord's
faulty sprinkler system.

         In  December,  2004 we filed a multicount  complaint  in federal  court
(Southern  District  of  Florida)  against a  conspiratorial  group  seeking  to
illegally manipulate our stock for purposes of bringing about a hostile takeover
of Hemispherx.  The lawsuit alleges that the conspiratorial group commenced with
a plan to seize  control  of our  cash  and  proprietary  assets  by an  illegal
campaign to drive down our stock price and  publish  disparaging  reports on our
management and current fiduciaries. The lawsuit seeks monetary damages from each
member of the  conspiratorial  group as well as injunctions  preventing  further
recurrences of their misconduct.  The conspiratorial group includes Bioclones, a
privately held South African  Biopharmaceutical  company that  collaborated with
us, and  Johannesburg  Consolidated  Investments,  a South African  corporation,
Cyril Donninger, R. B. Kebble, H. C. Buitendag, Bart Goemaere, and John Doe(s).

         On January 10, 2005,  we  initiated a multicount  lawsuit in the United
States  District  Court  for  the  Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania   seeking
injunctive  relief and damages against a conspiratorial  group, many of whom are
foreign  nationals or companies  located outside the United States alleging that
the conspiratorial group has engaged in secret meetings,  market  manipulations,
fraudulent  misrepresentations,  utilization  of foreign  accounts  and  foreign
secrecy laws all in furtherance of an illegal scheme to take over Hemispherx and
enrich  themselves  at the  expense  of  Hemispherx's  public  shareholders.  On
February  18, 2005 we filed an amended  complaint  in the same  lawsuit  joining
Redlabs,   USA,  Inc.  as  a  defendant  with  the  existing  defendants  R.E.D.
Laboratories,  N.V./S.A.,  Bart Goemaere,  Jan Goemaere,  Dr. Kenny De Meirleir,
Kenneth Schepmans, Johan Goossens, Lieven Vansacker and John Does.


(16) Related Party Transactions

We have employment  agreements  with certain of our executive  officers and have
granted  such  officers  and  directors  of the Company  options and warrants to
purchase common stock of the Company, as discussed in Notes 2(n) and 9.

A director of the Company, is an attorney in private practice,  who has rendered
corporate legal services to us from time to time, for which he has received fees
and options to purchase Company stock valued at $237,000 in 2002 using the Black
Scholes pricing model and recorded as stock compensation  expense. A Director of
the Company,  lives in Paris,  France and assisted our European  subsidiaries in
their dealings with medical  institutions  and the European  Medical  Evaluation
Authority.  A Director of the Company assisted us in establishing clinical trial
protocols as well as performs  other  scientific  work for us from time to time.
The services provided by these latter two Directors were terminated in September
2003. For these services, these Directors were paid an aggregate of $170,150 and
$100,100 for the years ending December 31, 2002 and 2003 respectively.

Through  November  2002,  William  A.  Carter,  Chief  Executive  Officer of the
Company,  received an  aggregate  of $12,106 in short term  advances  which were
repaid as of December 31, 2002. All advances bore interest at 6% per annum.  The
Company loaned  $60,000 to, a Director of the Company in November,  2001 for the
purpose  of  exercising  15,000  class A  redeemable  warrants.  This loan bears
interest at 6% per annum.
<PAGE>  F-37
We paid $33,450, $18,800 and $7,600 for the years ending December 31, 2002, 2003
and 2004, respectively to Carter Realty for the rent of property used at various
times in years  2002,  2003 and 2004 by us. The  property is owned by others and
managed by Carter Realty.  Carter Realty is owned by Robert Carter,  the brother
of William A. Carter.

(17) Concentrations of credit risk

Financial  instruments,  which potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk,  consist  principally of cash, cash equivalents and investments.
The Company places its cash with high-quality financial institutions.  At times,
such amount may be in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation insurance
limits of $100,000.


(18) Quarterly Results of Operation (unaudited)
     (in thousand except per share data)

                                                2003               (1)
                              ---------------------------------------------
                         First       Second      Third       Fourth
                        Quarter      Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Total
                        -------      --------    -------     --------   -------
Revenue                   $ 66         $ 94      $ 194       $ 303       $ 657

Costs and expenses       1,658        1,730       1,960       2,561      7,909

Net loss                (1,617)      (3,689)     (5,422)     (4,042)   (14,770)
                        -------      --------     -------    --------  -------
Basic and diluted
   loss per share       $ (.05)       $ (.11)     $ (.15)    $ (.11)    $ (.42)
                        -------      --------     -------    --------  -------

(1) During the fourth quarter 2003, the Company  recorded stock  compensation of
$237,000.


                                               2004 (2)
                              ---------------------------------------------
                         First       Second      Third       Fourth
                        Quarter      Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Total
                        -------      --------    -------     --------   -------
Revenues and license
fee income              $  308         $  331      $  258      $ 332   $ 1,229

Costs and expenses       4,409          2,526       2,972      2,211    12,118

Net loss                (8,042)        (5,956)     (7,007)    (3,135)  (24,140)
                        -------      --------     -------     --------  -------
Basic and diluted
   loss per share        $(.20)         $(.14)      $(.15)     $(.06)    $(.53)
                        -------      --------     -------     --------  -------

(2) During the first quarter 2004, the Company  recorded stock  compensation  of
$1,769,000  and  during the third  quarter  2004,  the  Company  recorded  stock
compensation of $231,000.


<PAGE>

                                                              Exhibit 31.1

      CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, William A. Carter, Chief Executive Officer of Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. (the
"Registrant"), certify that:


1.                         I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of
                           the Registrant;

2.                         Based on my  knowledge,  this report does not contain
                           any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omit to
                           state  a  material   fact   necessary   to  make  the
                           statements made, in light of the circumstances  under
                           which such  statements were made, not misleading with
                           respect to the period covered by this report;

3.                         Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,  and
                           other financial  information included in this report,
                           fairly present in all material respects the financial
                           condition,  results of  operations  and cash flows of
                           the Registrant as of, and for, the periods  presented
                           in this report;

4.                         The Registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s) and I
                           are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining
                           disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as defined in
                           Exchange  Act  Rules   13a-15(e)  and   15d-15(e))and
                           internal control over financial reporting (as defined
                           in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and  15d-15(f))  for
                           the Registrant and have:
a.                                  Designed   such   disclosure   controls  and
                                    procedures,   or  caused   such   disclosure
                                    controls and procedures to be designed under
                                    our  supervision,  to ensure  that  material
                                    information   relating  to  the  Registrant,
                                    including its consolidated subsidiaries,  is
                                    made  known  to us by  others  within  those
                                    entities,  particularly during the period in
                                    which this report is being prepared;

b.                                  designed   such   internal    control   over
                                    financial reporting, or caused such internal
                                    control  over  financial   reporting  to  be
                                    designed under our  supervision,  to provide
                                    reasonable     assurance    regarding    the
                                    reliability  of financial  reporting and the
                                    preparation  of  financial   statements  for
                                    external   purposes   in   accordance   with
                                    generally accepted accounting principles;

c.                                  Evaluated the effectiveness of the
                                    Registrant's disclosure controls and
                                    procedures and presented in this report our
                                    conclusions about the effectiveness of the
                                    disclosure controls and procedures, as of
                                    the end of the period covered by this report
                                    based on such evaluation; and

d.                                  Disclosed  in this  report any change in the
                                    Registrant's internal control over financial
                                    reporting    that   occurred    during   the
                                    Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that
                                    has  materially  affected,  or is reasonably
                                    likely    to    materially    affect,    the
                                    Registrant's internal control over financial
                                    reporting; and


                      5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
                      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
                      control  over  financial  reporting,  to the  Registrant's
                      auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board
                      of  directors  (or  persons   performing   the  equivalent
                      functions):

a.                                  All  significant  deficiencies  and material
                                    weaknesses  in the  design or  operation  of
                                    internal  control over  financial  reporting
                                    which are  reasonably  likely  to  adversely
                                    affect the  Registrant's  ability to record,
                                    process,   summarize  and  report  financial
                                    information; and

b.                                  Any  fraud,  whether or not  material,  that
                                    involves  management or other  employees who
                                    have a significant  role in the Registrant's
                                    internal control over financial reporting.

Date:  March 16, 2005

                                            /s/ William A. Carter
                                            ---------------------
                                            William A. Carter, M.D.
                                            Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>


                                                                Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Robert Peterson,  Chief Financial Officer of Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. (the
"Registrant"), certify that:

                      1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the
                      Registrant;

                      2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
                      untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or omit to state a
                      material fact  necessary to make the  statements  made, in
                      light of the  circumstances  under  which such  statements
                      were  made,  not  misleading  with  respect  to the period
                      covered by this report;

                      3. Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and
                      other  financial  information  included  in  this  report,
                      fairly  present in all  material  respects  the  financial
                      condition,  results  of  operations  and cash flows of the
                      Registrant  as of, and for, the periods  presented in this
                      report;

                      4. The Registrant's other certifying  officer(s) and I are
                      responsible for  establishing  and maintaining  disclosure
                      controls and  procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
                      13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))   and  internal   control  over
                      financial  reporting  (as  defined in  Exchange  Act Rules
                      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

a.                                    Designed  such  disclosure   controls  and
                                      procedures,   or  caused  such  disclosure
                                      controls  and  procedures  to be  designed
                                      under  our  supervision,  to  ensure  that
                                      material   information   relating  to  the
                                      Registrant,   including  its  consolidated
                                      subsidiaries,  is  made  known  to  us  by
                                      others within those entities, particularly
                                      during the period in which this  report is
                                      being prepared;

b.                                    designed   such   internal   control  over
                                      financial   reporting,   or  caused   such
                                      internal control over financial  reporting
                                      to be designed under our  supervision,  to
                                      provide reasonable assurance regarding the
                                      reliability of financial reporting and the
                                      preparation  of financial  statements  for
                                      external   purposes  in  accordance   with
                                      generally accepted accounting principles;

c.                                    Evaluated the effectiveness of the
                                      Registrant's disclosure controls and
                                      procedures and presented in this report
                                      our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                      of the disclosure controls and procedures,
                                      as of the end of the period covered by
                                      this report based on such evaluation; and

d.                                    Disclosed in this report any change in the
                                      Registrant's    internal    control   over
                                      financial  reporting that occurred  during
                                      the   Registrant's   most  recent   fiscal
                                      quarter that has materially  affected,  or
                                      is reasonably likely to materially affect,
                                      the  Registrant's  internal  control  over
                                      financial reporting; and


                      5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
                      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
                      control  over  financial  reporting,  to the  Registrant's
                      auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board
                      of  directors  (or  persons   performing   the  equivalent
                      functions):

a.                                    All significant  deficiencies and material
                                      weaknesses  in the design or  operation of
                                      internal control over financial  reporting
                                      which are  reasonably  likely to adversely
                                      affect the Registrant's ability to record,
                                      process,  summarize  and report  financial
                                      information; and

b.                                    Any fraud,  whether or not material,  that
                                      involves management or other employees who
                                      have   a    significant    role   in   the
                                      Registrant's    internal    control   over
                                      financial reporting.

Date:  March 16, 2005

                                            /s/ Robert E. Peterson
                                            ----------------------
                                            Robert Peterson
                                            Chief Financial Officer



<PAGE>


                                                           Exhibit 32.1



                CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



In  connection  with the  Annual  Report  of  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.  (the
"Company")  on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31, 2004 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the  "Report"),
I, William A. Carter, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,  certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that:


          (1) The Report fully complies with the  requirements  of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


          (2) The information  contained in the Report fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and result of  operations of the
Company.




                                                   /s/ William A. Carter
                                                  ---------------------------
                                                    William A. Carter, M.D.
                                                    Chief Executive Officer
                                                    March 11, 2005



<PAGE>


                                                           Exhibit 32.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



In  connection  with the  Annual  Report  of  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.  (the
"Company")  on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31, 2004 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the  "Report"),
I, Robert Peterson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:

          (1) The Report fully complies with the  requirements  of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

          (2) The information  contained in the Report fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and result of  operations of the
Company.



                                                    /s/ Robert E. Peterson
                                                    -------------------------
                                                    Robert Peterson
                                                    Chief Financial Officer
                                                    March 11, 2005


<page>

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

     We hereby  consent to the  incorporation  by reference in the  Registration
Statements  on Form  S-3 (No.  333-119017)  and  Form  S-8  (No.  333-57134  and
333-118903) of Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. and subsidiaries of our reports dated
February 4, 2005,  relating to the consolidated  financial  statements,  and the
effectiveness of Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. and subsidiaries  internal control
over  financial  reporting  which appear in the Company's  Annual Report on form
10-K.


/s/ BDO Seidman, LLP
-------------------------------
BDO Seidman, LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
March 14, 2005
















</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
