<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>r10k-2003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10K 2003 HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.
<TEXT>

                                    FORM 10-K
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
            [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003
                                       OR
          [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
               For the transition period from ________ to ________
                           Commission File No. 1-13441

                           HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                              Delaware 52-0845822 _
         (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification
                     incorporation or organization) Number)

              1617 JFK Boulevard Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103 _
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (215) 988-0080

                    Securities registered pursuant to Section
                               12(b) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $.001 par value

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
            (Title of Each Class)
                      NONE

Indicate by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  and Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
                                 Yes (X) No ( )

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. (X)

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ( ) No (X)

The aggregate  market value of Common Stock held by  non-affiliates  at June 30,
2003, the last business day of the registrant's  most recently  completed second
fiscal  quarter,  was  $71,603,879.  For  purposes of this  calculation,  it was
assumed that all Common Stock is valued at the closing  price as of such date of
$1.88 per share.

The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of February
27, 2004 was 40,835,199.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.


<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                              Page
PART I


Item 1. Business                                                1

Item 2. Properties                                             37

Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                      38

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders    39


PART II

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related

             Stockholder Matters                               39

Item 6. Selected Financial Data                                41


Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial

             Condition and Results of Operations               42


Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About

              Market Risk                                      60

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data            60


Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on

             Accounting and Financial Disclosure               61

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                               61


PART III


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant    62

Item 11. Executive Compensation                                65


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners

              and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   72

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions        74

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                75


PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules,

              and Reports on Form 8-K                          76






<PAGE> 1


                SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain  statements  in this  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K  (the  "Form  10-K"),
including  statements under "Item 1. Business," "Item 3. Legal  Proceedings" and
"Item 7. Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result
of Operations,"  constitute  "forward-looking  statements" within the meaning of
Section 27A of the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended,  and Section 21E of the
Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as  amended,  and  the  Private  Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (collectively, the "Reform Act"). Certain, but not
necessarily all, of such forward-looking statements can be identified by the use
of  forward-looking  terminology such as "believes,"  "expects,"  "may," "will,"
"should," or "anticipates"  or the negative thereof or other variations  thereon
or comparable terminology,  or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and
uncertainties.  All statements other than statements of historical fact included
in this Form 10-K regarding our financial position,  business strategy and plans
or objectives for future  operations  are  forward-looking  statements.  Without
limiting  the  broader  description  of  forward-looking  statements  above,  we
specifically  note that statements  regarding  potential drugs,  their potential
therapeutic  effect,  the  possibility  of obtaining  regulatory  approval,  our
ability to manufacture and sell any products,  market  acceptance or our ability
to earn a profit  from sales or licenses of any drugs or our ability to discover
new drugs in the future are all forward-looking in nature.

 Such forward-looking  statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and  other  factors  which  may  cause  the  actual   results,   performance  or
achievements of Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. and its subsidiaries  (collectively,
the "Company",  "we or "us") to be materially different from any future results,
performance  or  achievements  expressed  or  implied  by  such  forward-looking
statements  and other factors  referenced in this Form 10-K. We do not undertake
and specifically  declines any obligation to publicly release the results of any
revisions which may be made to any  forward-looking  statement to reflect events
or circumstances  after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events.


                                     PART I
ITEM 1.  Business.
GENERAL
         We were  founded in the early  1970s as a contract  researcher  for the
National  Institutes of Health (NIH). Dr. William A. Carter,  M.D., joined us in
1976 and  ultimately  become our CEO in 1988.  He has  focused us on  exploring,
understanding  and mastering the mechanism of nucleic acid technology to produce
a promising new class of drugs for treating chronic viral diseases and disorders
of the immune system. In the course of almost three decades, we have established
a strong  foundation of laboratory,  pre-clinical and clinical data with respect
to the  development  of nucleic acids to enhance the natural  antiviral  defense
system of the human body and the  development  of  therapeutic  products for the
treatment  of chronic  diseases.  Our strategy is to use our  proprietary  drug,
Ampligen(R), to treat diseases for which adequate treatment is not available. We
seek  the  required  regulatory  approvals  which  will  allow  the  progressive
introduction  of  Ampligen(R)  for  Myalgic   Encephalomyelitis/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS"),  HIV,  Hepatitis C ("HCV") and  Hepatitis B ("HBV") in the
U.S.,  Canada,  Europe and Japan.  Ampligen(R)  is  currently  in the open label
<PAGE> 2
portion of phase III clinical  trials in the U.S. for use in treatment of ME/CFS
and is in Phase  IIb  clinical  development  in the U.S.  for the  treatment  of
patients with HIV infection.

         In March, 2003, we acquired from Interferon Sciences Inc. ("ISI"),  all
of ISI's raw  materials,  work-in-progress  and  finished  product  of Alferon N
Injection(R),  together with a limited license for the production,  manufacture,
use, marketing and sale of the product. Alferon N Injection(R) [interferon alfa-
n3 (human  derived)] is a natural alpha interferon that has been approved by the
U.S.  Food  and  Drug  Administration   ("FDA")  for  commercial  sale  for  the
intralesional  treatment of  refractory or recurring  external  genital warts in
patients  18 years of age or older.  We intend to  market  this  product  in the
United States through sales facilitated via third party marketing agreements. In
the future, we expect to implement  studies,  beyond those conducted by ISI, for
testing the  potential  treatment  of HIV,  Hepatitis  C and other  indications,
including multiple sclerosis.

         In March,  2003,  we  entered  into an  agreement  with ISI  subject to
certain  events that would grant us global rights to sell Alferon N Injection(R)
as well as acquire certain other assets of ISI which include but are not limited
to real estate and property, plant and equipment.

         We  outsource  certain  components  of our  research  and  development,
manufacturing,  marketing and distribution  while  maintaining  control over the
entire process through our quality  assurance group and our clinical  monitoring
group.



<PAGE> 3


         AMPLIGEN(R)

         Our  proprietary  drug  technology  includes  Ampligen(R)  and utilizes
specially configured  ribonucleic acid ("RNA") and is protected by more than 300
patents worldwide with over 50 additional patent applications pending to provide
further proprietary protection in various international markets. Certain patents
apply to the use of  Ampligen(R)  alone and certain  patents apply to the use of
Ampligen(R) in combination with certain other drugs.  Some composition of matter
patents  pertain  to other new  medications  which have a similar  mechanism  of
action.  The main U.S. ME/CFS  treatment patent  (#6130206)  expires January 23,
2015. Our main patents covering HIV treatment (#4795744, #4820696, #5063209, and
#5091374)  expire on August 26, 2006,  September 30, 2008,  August 10, 2010, and
May 6, 2011,  respectively;  Hepatitis  treatment  coverage  is conveyed by U.S.
patent #5593973 which expires on October 5, 2014. The U.S. Ampligen(R) Trademark
(#1,515,099)  expires on December 6, 2008 and can be renewed  thereafter  for an
additional  10 years.  The U.S.  FDA has granted us "orphan drug status" for our
nucleic acid-derived  therapeutics for ME/CFS, HIV, and renal cell carcinoma and
malignant melanoma.  Orphan drug status grants us protection against competition
for a period of seven years  following FDA approval,  as well as certain federal
tax incentives, and other regulatory benefits.

         Nucleic   acid   compounds   represent   a   potential   new  class  of
pharmaceutical  products  that are  designed to act at the  molecular  level for
treatment of human diseases.  There are two forms of nucleic acids, DNA and RNA.
DNA is a group of naturally occurring molecules found in chromosomes, the cell's
genetic machinery. RNA is a group of naturally occurring informational molecules
which  orchestrate a cell's  behavior and which regulate the action of groups of
cells, including the cells, which comprise the body's immune system. RNA directs
the production of proteins and regulates  certain cell activities  including the
activation of an otherwise  dormant  cellular  defense against virus and tumors.
Our drug technology  utilizes specially  configured RNA. Our double-stranded RNA
drug product, trademarked Ampligen(R),  which is administered intravenously,  is
(or has been) in human clinical  development  for various  disease  indications,
including  treatment  for  ME/CFS,  HIV,  renal  cell  carcinoma  and  malignant
melanoma.  Further studies are planned in cancer treatments but initiation dates
have not been set.

         Based on the results of published,  peer reviewed  pre-clinical studies
and  clinical  trials,  we  believe  that  Ampligen(R)  may have  broad-spectrum
anti-viral  and  anti-cancer   properties.   Over  500  patients  have  received
Ampligen(R)  in clinical  trials  authorized by the FDA at over twenty  clinical
trial sites across the U.S., representing the administration of more than 45,000
doses of this drug.

         Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS)

         ME/CFS is a debilitating  disease that is difficult to diagnose and for
which,  at  present,  there is no  cure.  People  suffering  from  this  illness
experience,   among  other  symptoms,  a  constant  tiredness,   recurring  dull
headaches,  joint and muscle aches, a feeling of  feverishness  and chills,  low
grade fever, depression,  difficulty in concentrating on tasks, and tender lymph
glands.  With progression of the disease they can become bed-ridden,  lose their
jobs and become dependent upon the state for support and medical care.

         ME/CFS has been given official  recognition by the U.S. Social Security
Administration,  and some European  nations,  rendering ME/CFS patients eligible
for disability benefits and heightening  awareness of this debilitating  disease
in the  medical  community.  A further  scientific  publication  by  independent
<PAGE> 4
academicians  on the  accurate  laboratory  diagnosis  of ME/CFS  appeared  in a
peer-reviewed  journal (American Journal of Medicine) in February 2000. The U.S.
Centers for Disease  Control  ("CDC")  reconfirmed  its research  commitment  to
ME/CFS following an audit by the U.S. Government Accounting Office ("GAO") which
was announced July 28, 1999.

         Estimates of ME/CFS  patient  numbers in the Unites States range from a
low of 500,000  (1995-Centers  for Disease  Control,  Atlanta,  GA) to a high of
1,000,000 (1999-DePaul University study). Estimates of patient numbers in Europe
range from 600,000 to 2,200,000  as reported in the British  Medical  Journal in
January  2000.  It is believed  worldwide  patient  totals may be as high as ten
million.

         In 1989, we received FDA  authorization  to conduct a Phase II study of
Ampligen(R) for ME/CFS. In 1991, we completed a 24-week, 92 patient, randomized,
placebo-controlled,   double-blinded,  multi-center  trial  of  Ampligen(R)  for
treating patients with ME/CFS.  The results,  published in a peer review journal
in 1994,  suggested enhanced physical  performance,  greater cognitive functions
and improved  ability to perform  daily  living  activities.  Patients  required
reduced  medications,  while  suffering  little or no  significant  adverse side
effects.  The FDA raised  certain  issues with respect to this  clinical  trial,
which  required  further  study.  These issues were reviewed and  satisfactorily
resolved.

         In  February  1993,  we  presented  results  of our  Phase  II study of
Ampligen(R)  for  ME/CFS to a FDA  Advisory  Committee  and these  results  were
published in early 1994 in Clinical Infectious Diseases, a peer reviewed medical
journal,   which  emphasizes  the  understanding  and  potential   treatment  of
infectious  diseases.  The results  suggested that patients on  Ampligen(R),  in
contrast  to those  receiving  a  placebo,  showed  significant  improvement  in
physical  capacity as  determined  by  performance  on  treadmill  testing.  The
Ampligen(R)  treated  patient group also required less pain  medication than did
the placebo group.

         In  1998,  we were  authorized  by the  FDA to  initiate  a  Phase  III
multicenter,  placebo-controlled,  randomized,  double blind  clinical  trial to
treat 230  patients  with ME/CFS in the U.S.  The  objective  of this Phase III,
clinical  study,  denoted as Amp 516, is to evaluate  the safety and efficacy of
Ampligen(R) as a treatment for ME/CFS.  Over the course of the study, we engaged
the  services  of twelve  (12)  clinical  investigators  at  Medical  Centers in
California,  New  Jersey,  Florida,  North  Carolina,  Wisconsin,  Pennsylvania,
Nevada, Illinois, Utah and Connecticut. These clinical investigators are medical
doctors with special  knowledge of ME/CFS who have  recruited,  prescreened  and
enrolled  ME/CFS patients for inclusion in the Phase III Amp 516 ME/CFS clinical
trial.  This clinical trial has enrolled and randomized over 230 ME/CFS patients
and is now  fully  enrolled.  The  patients  complete  a stage  I,  forty  week,
double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled portion of the clinical trial. This
stage I has now been  completed  with the final  patients  receiving  their last
blinded dose in February 2004. Following Stage I, the 14 remaining patients then
move into the  stage II or the open  label  treatment  portion  of the  clinical
trial.  We anticipate  that this segment  should be completed by June,  2004. To
date there have been no reported  serious adverse events  definitely  related to
the study  medication.  The next stage in our program is the completion of Stage
II and the final  data  collection,  quality  assurance  of data to  insure  its
accuracy  and  analysis  of the  data  according  to  regulatory  guidelines  to
facilitate filing for commercial approval to sell.

<PAGE> 5
         Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)

         Over fifteen antiviral drugs are currently  approved by the FDA for the
treatment  of HIV  infection.  Most target the  specific  HIV  enzymes,  reverse
transcriptase  ("RT") and protease.  The use of various combinations of three or
more of these  drugs is  often  referred  to as  Highly  Active  Anti-Retroviral
Therapy  ("HAART").  HAART involves the  utilization of several  antiretrovirals
with  different  mechanisms  of action to decrease  viral loads in  HIV-infected
patients.  The goal of these  combination  treatments is to reduce the amount of
HIV in the  body  ("viral  load")  to as low  as  possible.  Treatments  include
different  classes of drugs, but they all work by stopping parts of the virus so
the virus cannot  reproduce.  Experience  has shown that using  combinations  of
drugs from different classes is a more effective strategy than using only one or
two drugs.  HAART has provided dramatic  decreases in morbidity and mortality of
HIV infection.  Reduction of the viral load to  undetectable  levels in patients
with wild type virus (i.e.,  non-drug-resistant virus)is routinely possible with
the appropriate application of HAART. HIV mainly infects important immune system
cells called CD4 cells.  After HIV has infected a CD4 cell, the CD4 cell becomes
damaged and is  eventually  destroyed.  Fewer CD4 cells means more damage to the
immune system and,  ultimately,  results in AIDS.  Originally,  reduction of HIV
loads was seen as possibly allowing the  reconstitution of the immune system and
led to early speculation that HIV might be eliminated by HAART.

         Subsequent  experience  has provided a more realistic view of HAART and
the  realization  that  chronic  HIV  suppression   using  HAART,  as  currently
practiced,   would  require  treatment  for  life  with  resulting   significant
cumulative toxicities.  The various reverse transcriptase and protease inhibitor
drugs that go into HAART have significantly  reduced the morbidity and mortality
connected  with  HIV;  however  there  has been a  significant  cost due to drug
toxicity.  It is  estimated  that 50% of HIV deaths are from the toxicity of the
drugs in HAART.  Current  estimates  suggest that it would require as many as 60
years of HAART for elimination of HIV in the infected patient. Thus the toxicity
of HAART drugs and the enormous cost of treatment makes this goal impractical.

         Although more potent second generation drugs are under development that
target the reverse  transcriptase and protease genes as well as new HIV targets,
such as HIV integrase and HIV fusion inhibitors, the problem of drug toxicities,
the complex  interactions  between  these drug  classes,  and the  likelihood of
life-long therapy will remain a serious drawback to their usage.

         Failure of antiretroviral  therapies over time and the demonstration of
resistance have stimulated  intensive  searches for appropriate  combinations of
agents,  or  sequential  use of  different  agents,  that  act  upon the same or
different  viral  targets.  This  situation  has  created  interest  in our drug
technology, which operates by a different mechanism.

         We believe  that the  concept  of  Strategic  Therapeutic  Interruption
("STI")  of  HAART  provides  a  unique  opportunity  to  minimize  the  current
deficiencies of HAART while  retaining the HIV suppression  capacities of HAART.
STI is the  cessation  of  HAART  until  HIV  again  becomes  detectable  (i.e.,
rebounds) followed by resumption of HAART with subsequent suppression of HIV. By
re-institution  of HAART, HIV may be suppressed  before it can inflict damage to
the immune system of the patient.  Based on recent  publications  (AIDS 2001,15:
F19-27 and AIDS 2001,  15:1359-1368) in peer reviewed medical literature,  it is
expected that in just 30 days after stopping HAART  approximately 80% to 90%, of
the  patients  will  suffer a relapse  evidencing  detectable  levels of HIV. We
believe  that  Ampligen(R)  combined  with the STI  approach  may offer a unique
opportunity to retain  HAART's superb ability to suppress HIV while  potentially
minimizing its  deficiencies.  All present approved drugs block certain steps in
<PAGE> 6
the life  cycles of HIV.  None of these  drugs  address  the immune  system,  as
Ampligen(R) potentially does, although HIV is an immune-based disease.

         By  using  Ampligen(R)  in  combination  with  STI of  HAART,  we  will
undertake  to boost the  patients'  own immune  system's  response  to help them
control their HIV when they are off of HAART.  Our minimum  expectation  is that
Ampligen(R)  has  potential  to lengthen the  HAART-free  time  interval  with a
resultant decrease in HAART-induced toxicities. The ultimate potential, which of
course  requires full clinical  testing to accept or reject the  hypothesis,  is
that Ampligen(R) may potentiate STI of HAART to the point that the cell mediated
immune system will be sufficient to eliminate  requirement  for HAART.  Clinical
results of using our technology has been presented at several International AIDS
Scientific  Forums  in  2003,  including  the XVI  International  Conference  on
Antiviral Research in Savannah, Georgia in April 2003 and the 2nd IAS Conference
on HIV Pathogenesis and Treatment in Paris, France in July 2003.

         Our AMP 720 HIV  clinical  trial is being  conducted  with  individuals
infected with HIV who are  responding  well to HAART at the moment.  Patients in
this study are required to meet minimum immune system  requirements  of CD4 cell
levels greater than 400, maximum HIV infection levels of less that 50 copies/ml,
and a HAART regimen containing at least one anti-viral drug showing  therapeutic
synergy  with  Ampligen(R)  based  on a  recently  reported  ex vivo  study in a
peer-reviewed  scientific journal (Reference:  Robinson W, McDougall B and Essay
R. Mixed Dose Effect Analysis of a Biological  Response Modifier (Ampligen) with
14 FDA-approved  anti-HIV  Agents.  Antiviral Res,  46:A48,  No. 46, 2000).  All
patients are chronically HIV infected and will have been receiving the indicated
HAART regimen prior to starting the STI. The trial applies  strategic  treatment
interruption  of HAART based on the  hypothesis  that careful  management of HIV
rebound  following  STI may have  potential  to  result  in the  development  of
protective  immune  responses  to  HIV  in  order  to  achieve  control  of  HIV
replication.  We believe that the addition of  Ampligen(R),  with its  potential
immunomodulatory  properties,  may reasonably achieve this outcome.  Half of the
participants in the trial are given 400 mg of Ampligen(R)  twice a week and once
they  start  the STI will  remain  off of HAART  until  such  time as their  HIV
rebounds. The other half of the participants (the control group) are on STI, but
they are given no Ampligen(R) during the "control" portion of the clinical test.

         The  targeted   enrollment  in  the  AMP  720  Clinical  Trial  is  120
HIV-infected  persons who meet the criteria.  We expect to have 60 people on STI
with Ampligen(R) and 60 people on STI without Ampligen(R). Presently, this study
is approximately  35% enrolled at  approximately  ten medical centers around the
U.S.

         Other Diseases

         We are evaluating potential novel clinical programs which would involve
using  Ampligen(R)  to  treat  both HCV and HIV when  they  coexist  on the same
patient.  We expect to commence these studies in collaboration  with one or more
prospective  corporate  partners.  A collaborative  Clinical study in Europe, in
conjunction  with  Laboratorios  Del Dr. Esteve S.A., is expected to commence in
2004.

         We have acquired a series of patents on  Oragen(TM),  potentially a set
of oral broad spectrum antivirals,  immunological  enhancers through a licensing
agreement  with  Temple  University  in  Philadelphia,  PA. We were  granted  an
exclusive worldwide license from Temple for the Oragen(TM) products. Pursuant to
the arrangement, we are obligated to pay royalties of 2% on sales of Oragen(TM),
depending  on how much  technological  assistance  is  required  of  Temple.  We
<PAGE> 7
currently pay minimum  royalties of $30,000 per year to Temple.  These compounds
have been evaluated in various academic  laboratories for application to chronic
viral and  immunological  disorders.  Research and development of Oragen(TM) may
start in 2004  dependent  on the  availability  of funding  provided  by various
branches of the U.S. Government,  including the Department of Defense where oral
forms of broad spectrum immunotherapeutics may have high value.

         An FDA authorized Phase I/II study of Ampligen(R) in cancer,  including
patients with renal cell  carcinoma  was completed in 1994.  The results of this
study  indicated  that patients  receiving high doses  (200-500mg)  twice weekly
experienced an increase in medium survival compared to the low dose group and as
compared to an historical control group. We received  authorization from the FDA
to initiate a Phase II study using Ampligen(R) to treat patients with metastatic
renal cell  carcinoma.  Patients with  metastatic  melanoma were included in the
Phase I/II study of Ampligen(R) in cancer.  The FDA has authorized us to conduct
a Phase II clinical  trial using  Ampligen(R)  in melanoma.  We do not expect to
devote any significant resources to funding these studies in the near future and
are seeking strategic partnerships to expand these promising studies.


         ALFERON N INJECTION(R)

         Interferons  are a group of proteins  produced and secreted by cells to
combat  diseases.  Researchers  have  identified  four  major  classes  of human
interferon:  alpha,  beta, gamma and omega.  The ALFERON N Injection(R)  product
contains a  multi-species  form of alpha  interferon.  The worldwide  market for
injectable  alpha  interferon-based  products has  experienced  rapid growth and
various alpha interferon injectable products are approved for many major medical
uses worldwide.

         Alpha  interferons  are  manufactured  commercially  in three ways:  by
genetic  engineering,  by cell  culture,  and from human white blood cells.  All
three of these types of alpha  interferon  are or were  approved for  commercial
sale in the U.S. Our natural alpha interferon is produced from human white blood
cells.

         The potential  advantages of natural alpha  interferon over recombinant
interferon may be based upon their respective  molecular  compositions.  Natural
alpha  interferon is composed of a family of proteins  containing many molecular
species of interferon.  In contrast,  recombinant  alpha interferon each contain
only a single  species.  Researchers  have reported that the various  species of
interferons  may have differing  antiviral  activity  depending upon the type of
virus. Natural alpha interferon presents a broad complement of species, which we
believe may account for its higher activity in laboratory studies. Natural alpha
interferon is also glycosylated  (partially covered with sugar molecules).  Such
glycosylation is not present on the currently U.S.  marketed  recombinant  alpha
interferons.  We  believe  that the  absence of  glycosylation  may be, in part,
responsible  for the production of  interferon-neutralizing  antibodies  seen in
patients   treated   with   recombinant   alpha   interferon.    Although   cell
culture-derived  interferon  is also  composed  of multiple  glycosylated  alpha
interferon  species,  the types  and  relative  quantity  of these  species  are
different from our natural alpha interferon.

         On October 10, 1989, the FDA approved  ALFERON N  Injection(R)  for the
intralesional  (within  lesions)  treatment of  refractory  (resistant  to other
treatment)  or recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or
older.  Certain types of human  papillomaviruses  ("HPV") cause genital warts, a
sexually   transmitted  disease  ("STD").  A  published  report  estimates  that
<PAGE> 8
approximately  eight  million new and  recurrent  causes of genital  warts occur
annually in the United States alone.

         Basically, our interest in acquiring Alferon N Injection(R)was driven
by two factors;

(1)  Our belief that the use of Alferon N in combination  with  Ampligen(R)  has
     the  potential to increase the  positive  therapeutic  responses in chronic
     life threatening viral diseases.  Combinational  therapy is evolving to the
     standard of acceptable medical care based on a detailed  examination of the
     Biochemistry of the body's natural antiviral immune response; and

(2)  New knowledge about the competitive  products in the interferon  arena that
     we believe  implies a large untapped  market and potential new  therapeutic
     indication for Alferon N Injection(R)which could accelerate its revenues in
     the near term. Specifically,  the recombinant DNA derived alpha interferons
     are now reported to have decreased  effectiveness  after one year, probably
     due to antibody  formation and other severe  toxicities.  These detrimental
     effects have not been reported with Alferon N Injection,  which could allow
     this product to assume a much larger market  share.  These  revenues  would
     provide  operational  capital to complete the Phase III clinical  trials of
     our  experimental  drug  Ampligen(R)in a more cost effective,  non-dilutive
     manner on shareholder's equity.


         Alferon N Injection(R)  [Interferon  alfa-n3 (human leukocyte derived)]
is  a  highly  purified,   natural-source,   glycosylated,   multispecies  alpha
interferon product. There are essentially no antibodies observed against natural
interferon  to date and the product has a relatively  low  side-effect  profile.
Alferon is the only natural-source, multispecies alpha interferon currently sold
in the U.S.

         The Alferon N  Injection(R)  targeted  market  consists of  urologists,
proctologists, dermatologists, and Obstetricians/Gynecologists. These physicians
normally see patients  with  papilloma  concondylomas  (genital  warts) in their
practice. For our marketing plans, see "Marketing/Distribution" below.

         According to the NIH, there are one million new cases of venereal warts
every year.

         Pipeline Products (Alpha Interferon)

         The following  products,  together with other assets are to be acquired
upon the closing of the second ISI  agreement,  which is anticipated to occur in
March 2004.

         ALFERON N Injection(R) -Other Applications

         ALFERON  N  Injection(R)  has been  approved  by the  U.S.  FDA for the
intralesional  treatment of  refractory or recurring  external  genital warts in
patients  18 years  of age or  older  and has  been  studied  for the  potential
treatment of HIV, Hepatitis C and other indications. ISI, the company from which
we obtained our rights to ALFERON N Injection(R),  has conducted clinical trials
with regard to the use of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  in the  treatment  of HIV and
Hepatitis C. While ISI found the results to be  encouraging,  in both instances,
<PAGE> 9
the FDA determined that additional trials were necessary.

         We anticipate initiating clinical trials to evaluate the use of Alferon
N Injection(R) to treat West Nile Virus infections and SARS that is dependent on
NIH providing the funds needed.


         ALFERON LDO

         ALFERON LDO is an  experimental  low-dose,  oral liquid  formulation of
Natural Alpha Interferon.  Two Phase 2 clinical trials using ALFERON LDO for the
treatment  of  HIV-infected  patients  have been  completed.  We are entering an
active  phase of Alferon LDO  research.  The FDA has  recently  authorized a new
Phase II clinical  study  designed to  investigate  the  activity  and safety of
Alferon LDO(R) in HIV positive subjects in early stage disease. The endpoints of
the study include an increase or upregulation of expression of genes known to be
mediators  of  the  natural  immune   response  using  cutting  edge  gene  chip
technology, as well as, absolute CD4 cell counts and plasma HIV RNA level.

         There can be no assurance that any of these  proposed  products will be
cost-effective,  safe,  and  effective  or that we  will be able to  obtain  FDA
approval for such use. Furthermore, even if such approval is obtained, there can
be no assurance  that such  products  will be  commercially  successful  or will
produce significant revenues or profits for us.

         EUROPEAN OPERATIONS

         Our European  operations were set up to prepare for the introduction of
Hemispherx  products  and to  accelerate  market  penetration  into the European
market once full  approval is obtained  from the  European  Medicine  Evaluation
Agency  ("EMEA").  The EMEA is the  equivalent  of the United States FDA. From a
regulatory  point of view the member  countries of the European  Economic  Union
("EEU")  represent a common market under the jurisdiction of the EMEA.  However,
from a practical point of view, every country is different regarding  developing
relations  with  the  medical  community,  patient  associations  and  obtaining
reimbursement  for treatment from the equivalent of Social Security Agencies and
insurance  carriers.  This program will be  integrated  into our new  commercial
asset, ALFERON N Injection(R), as well.

         Our  European  operations  have  assisted  the  growth  of a number  of
patient/physician educational associations.  The French Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Association  has grown from 10 members in the year 2000 to 800 currently.  Every
major country now has an active educational association with substantial numbers
of members who regularly meet and "network". These programs have been modeled on
the  successful  experience in the U.S. of  conducting  twice a year meetings on
ME/CFS with Health and Human Services, FDA, NIH and Centers for Disease Control.

         We maintain  contact  with the EMEA,  keeping  the agency  aware of our
activities,  as well as the  health  ministries  in  numerous  countries  in the
European  Union. In early 2001, our application for "orphan" drug status for the
use of  Ampligen(R)  in ME/CFS was  rejected  because  the Board  found that the
prevalence  of ME/CFS was  significantly  above the five person per 10,000 limit
required  to grant  orphan  drug  status  in the  European  Union.  Although  no
applications  are on file currently with the EEU, we are exploring  various ways
to accelerate the commercial availability of our products in the various nations
of the EEU,  including  potential  appreciation of the "foreign import" rule for
accepting products already approved in the U.S.

<PAGE> 10
         Limited  numbers  of ME/CFS  patients  were  treated  during  2003 with
Ampligen(R) in the United Kingdom, Austria and Belgium under existing regulatory
procedures  in  these   countries,   which  allow  the  therapeutic  use  of  an
experimental  drug under  certain  conditions.  These  procedures  allowed us to
recover the cost of Ampligen(R) used as well as to collect  additional  clinical
data.  Corresponding  procedures are being considered in several other countries
at the request of locally based physicians.

         Our European operations are considering implementing clinical trials in
Europe for the use of  Ampligen(R)  in the treatment of HIV/AIDS on the basis of
the new U.S. Protocols  involving the use of the drug either in combination with
"cocktail"  therapies or as part of a strategic  interruption  of the "cocktail"
therapies.  We  presented  results  of one these  programs  (AMP 720) at the LAS
Conference on HIV Pathogenesis and Treatment in Paris, France, in July 2003.

         The efforts of our European  operation have started to produce results.
In March  2002,  our  European  subsidiary  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  S.A.
("Hemispherx,  S.A.")  entered  into a Sales  and  Distribution  Agreement  with
Laboratorios  Del Dr.  Esteve  S.A.  ("Esteve").  Pursuant  to the  terms of the
Agreement,  Esteve was  granted the  exclusive  right to market  Ampligen(R)  in
Spain,  Portugal  and Andorra  ("Territory")  for the  treatment  of ME/CFS.  In
addition to other terms and other projected payments, Esteve paid an initial and
non-refundable fee of 625,000 Euros (approximately $563,000) to Hemispherx, S.A.
on April 24,  2002.  Esteve is to pay a fee of  1,000,000  Euros after U.S.  FDA
approval of Ampligen(R) for the treatment of ME/CFS and a fee of 1,000,000 Euros
upon Spain's approval of the final marketing authorization for using Ampligen(R)
for the treatment of ME/CFS. The agreement runs for the longer of ten years from
the date of first arms-length sale in the Territory,  the expiration of the last
Hemispherx  patent  exploited  by  Esteve  or  the  period  of  regulatory  data
protection for Ampligen(R) in the applicable territory. Pursuant to the terms of
the agreement  Esteve is to conduct  clinical trials using  Ampligen(R) to treat
patients  with both HCV and HIV and is  required  to  purchase  certain  minimum
annual amounts of Ampligen(R)  following regulatory  approval.  The agreement is
terminable by either party if  Ampligen(R) is withdrawn from the territory for a
specified  period due to serious adverse health or safety  reasons,  bankruptcy,
insolvency or related  issues of one of the parties;  or material  breach of the
agreement. Hemispherx may transform the agreement into a non-exclusive agreement
or  terminate  the  agreement  in the event that Esteve does not meet  specified
percentages of its annual  minimum  purchase  requirements  under the agreement.
Esteve may terminate the agreement in the event that Hemispherx  fails to supply
Ampligen(R) to the territory for a specified  period of time or certain clinical
trials being conducted by Hemispherx are not successful.

         We executed a Memorandum of Understanding in January 2004 with Fujisawa
Deutschland GmbH, ("Fuji") a major pharmaceutical corporation,  granting them an
exclusive  option  for  a  limited  number  of  months  to  enter  a  Sales  and
Distribution Agreement with exclusive rights to market Ampligen(R) for ME/CFS in
Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The option period ends 12 weeks after Fuji has
had a chance to review the report on the results of our Amp 516  clinical  trial
and meet with the trial's principal investigators. We received an initial fee of
400,000  Euros  (approximately  $500,000US).  If we do not provide Fuji with the
full report by May 31, 2004 we will be required to repay half of this fee and if
we do not provide them with the report by December 31, 2004, we will be required
to refund the entire fee. If Fuji  exercises the option,  Fuji would be required
to pay us an  additional  1,600,000  Euros  upon  execution  of  the  Sales  and
Distribution  agreement,  purchase  Ampligen(R)  exclusively  from  us and  meet
<PAGE> 11
certain  annual  minimum  purchase  quotas.  We  would  be  required  to file an
application  with the EMEA for commercial  sale of Ampligen(R)  for ME/CFS on or
before December 31, 2005. Upon our filing of that application,  we would receive
an  additional  1,000,000  Euros and,  upon  approval by the EMEA, an additional
2,000,000 Euros. If we failed to meet the December 31, 2005 filing deadline,  we
would be required to return 40% of all payments  that we had received from Fuji.
We would be required to sell  Ampligen(R)  to Fuji at a 20% price discount until
the aggregate amount of the discount reached $1,000,000 Euros  (representing 50%
of the  initial  2,000,000  fee  paid to us on and  prior  to  execution  of the
definitive  agreement).  The  foregoing  is  a  summary  of  the  memorandum  of
understanding. We cannot assure that we can prepare and issue the AMP 516 report
within the time frames  noted or that Fuji will  exercise the option or that the
proposed  terms  of  the  Sales  and  Distribution  Agreement  will  not  change
materially.


         We  continue  negotiations  with  other  prospective  partners  for the
marketing and distribution of Ampligen(R) in other European territories.


         MANUFACTURING

         Historically, we outsourced the manufacturing of Ampligen(R) to certain
contractor  facilities in the United  States and South Africa while  maintaining
full  quality  control and  supervision  of the process.  Nucleic Acid  polymers
constitute the raw material used in the production of  Ampligen(R).  We acquired
our raw materials  from  Ribotech,  Ltd.  ("Ribotech")  located in South Africa.
Ribotech,  is jointly  owned by us (24.9%)  and  Bioclones  (Proprietary),  Ltd.
(75.1%).  Bioclones manages and operates Ribotech. There are a limited number of
manufacturers in the United States available to provide the polymers if Ribotech
is unable to supply  our needs  based on  product  specifications  and  pricing.
Sourcing our needs from U.S.  suppliers  could result in a cost increase for our
raw materials.

         Until 1999, we  distributed  Ampligen(R)  in the form of a freeze-dried
powder to be  formulated  by  pharmacists  at the site of use.  We  perfected  a
production  process to produce ready to use liquid Ampligen(R) in a dosage form,
which  will  mainly be used upon  commercial  approval  of  Ampligen(R).  At the
present time, we have engaged the services of  Schering-Plough  Products to mass
produce   ready-to-use   Ampligen(R)  doses.  There  are  other   pharmaceutical
processing companies that can supply our production needs.

         Bioclones  (PTY)  Ltd.  is  headquartered  in South  Africa  and is the
majority  owner in  Ribotech,  Ltd. (we own 24.9%)  which  produces  most of the
polymers used to date in manufacturing Ampligen(R). The licensing agreement with
Bioclones  presently includes Africa,  South America,  Ireland,  Australia,  New
Zealand and the United Kingdom;  the agreement  imposes  certain  clinical trial
requirements on Ribotech, as well as, certain GMP standards on their facilities.
We plan to consult and work with Bioclones in 2004 to assure GMP compliance of a
new manufacturing facility.  Bioclones has conducted limited clinical studies in
patients with ME/CFS in Australia and South Africa.

         We currently  occupy and use the New Brunswick,  New Jersey  laboratory
and  production  facility  owned by ISI.  We  expect to  acquire  title to these
facilities pursuant to our second asset acquisition  agreement with ISI by March
31, 2004 (see "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and
Results of Operations;  Liquidity And Capital Resources" for more details). This
facility operates in compliance to Good  Manufacturing  Practices  (GMP's)and is
<PAGE> 12
approved by the FDA for the manufacture of Alferon N Injection(R).

         GMP's  require  that  a  product  be  consistently  manufactured  to an
identical   potency   (strength)   and  purity  with  each  lot,  and  that  the
manufacturing  facility  itself and all the equipment  therein,  be certified to
operate  within a strict set of  performance  standards.  Our  facilities in New
Jersey (Alferon) and Maryland (Ampligen) meet these performance standards.

         MARKETING/DISTRIBUTION

         Our marketing  strategy for Ampligen(R)  reflects the differing  health
care systems  around the world,  and the different  marketing  and  distribution
systems that are used to supply pharmaceutical products to those systems. In the
U.S.,  we expect that,  subject to receipt of regulatory  approval,  Ampligen(R)
will be utilized in four medical arenas: physicians' offices, clinics, hospitals
and the home treatment  setting.  We currently plan to use a service provided in
the home infusion  (non-hospital)  segment of the U.S.  market to execute direct
marketing  activities,  conduct physical  distribution of the product and handle
billing and  collections.  Accordingly,  we are  developing  marketing  plans to
facilitate the product  distribution and medical support for indication,  if and
when they are  approved,  in each  arena.  We believe  that this  approach  will
facilitate the generation of revenue  without  incurring the  substantial  costs
associated  with a  sales  force.  Furthermore,  management  believes  that  the
approach will enable us to retain many options for future marketing  strategies.
In February 1998, we and Accredo Health Services,  Inc. (formerly Gentiva Health
Services) entered into a  Distribution/Specialty  Agreement for the distribution
of Ampligen(R)  for the treatment of ME/CFS  patients  under the U.S.  treatment
protocols.

         In Europe, we plan to adopt a country-by-country and, in certain cases,
an   indication-by-indication   marketing  strategy  due  to  the  heterogeneity
regulation and alternative  distribution systems in these areas. We also plan to
adopt an  indication-by-indication  strategy  in Japan.  Subject  to  receipt of
regulatory  approval,  we plan to seek strategic  partnering  arrangements  with
pharmaceutical  companies  to  facilitate  introductions  in  these  areas.  The
relative  prevalence of people from target  indications for  Ampligen(R)  varies
significantly  by  geographic  region,  and we intend to adjust our clinical and
marketing  planning to reflect the  specialty of each area.  We have a marketing
agreement with Bioclones  pursuant to the Bioclones  Agreement that covers South
America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Africa, Australia,  Tasmania, New Zealand,
and certain other countries and territories.  In Spain,  Portugal and Andorra we
have  entered  into a Sales  and  Distribution  Agreement  with  Esteve,  and in
Germany,   Austria  and  Switzerland  we  have  entered  into  a  memorandum  of
understanding with Fuji (see "European Operations" above).

         Our  marketing  and  distribution  plan for Alferon N  Injection(R)  is
focused on increasing the sales of Alferon N Injection(R) for the  intralesional
treatment of refractory and recurring  external genital warts in adults. We will
reach  out  to  a  targeted  audience  of  physicians   consisting  of  OB/GYNs,
Urologists,  Proctologists and Dermatologists and simultaneously  create product
awareness  in  the  patient   population   through   several  media  and  health
organizations.  Different  regional  meetings and seminars are scheduled  during
which guest speakers will explain the therapeutic benefits and safety profile of
Alferon.  Additional  exposure  will be created  by  exhibiting  at several  STD
related conferences,  expanded web presence, mailings and publications.  We also
have  engaged a contract  sales  organization  in order to build up a nationwide
network of dedicated  representatives  in the U.S.  Upon  obtaining  the foreign
marketing  rights to Alferon N  Injection(R)  at the second  asset  closing  now
<PAGE> 13
expected  to  take  place  in  March,  2004  we  expect  to  amend  the  current
marketing/distribution  agreements with Biovail,  Esteve, Bioclones and Fujisawa
to include Alferon N Injection(R).  For more information  about our arrangements
with  Accredo  Health  Services,  Inc.,  Bioclones,  Esteve  and  Biovails,  see
"Research And Development/Collaborative Agreements" below.

         In August 2003,  we entered into a non  exclusive  Sales and  Marketing
agreement with Engitech, a pharmaceutical contract sales organization, to launch
Alferon N Injection(R) on a nationwide scale in the United States. The agreement
stipulates that Engitech will deploy a sales force of 100 sales  representatives
within one year in the U.S. domestic market and further expand the sales team up
to 250 sales  representatives  in the  second  year and after that as many as it
takes to continually drive market share. As of February 25, 2004 Engitech has 93
sales  representatives on board,  leading us to believe that Engitech will reach
the target of 100 sales  representatives  as stated in the  agreement.  Engitech
will also develop and implement a strategic and tactical  marketing  action plan
as well as organize a  scientific  and  educational  program  towards a targeted
audience of physicians and consumers.  Engitech has been in business since 1987.
This privately held company has several clients in the pharmaceutical industry.


         COMPETITION

         Our  potential   competitors  are  among  the  largest   pharmaceutical
companies in the world, are well known to the public and the medical  community,
and have substantially  greater financial resources,  product  development,  and
manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have.

         These companies and their competing  products may be more effective and
less costly than our products. In addition,  conventional drug therapy,  surgery
and other more  familiar  treatments  will offer  competition  to our  products.
Furthermore, our competitors have significantly greater experience than we do in
pre-clinical testing and human clinical trials of pharmaceutical products and in
obtaining  FDA,  EMEA Health  Protection  Branch  ("HPB")  and other  regulatory
approvals of products.  Accordingly,  our  competitors  may succeed in obtaining
FDA, EMEA and HPB product approvals more rapidly than us. If any of our products
receive regulatory  approvals and we commence  commercial sales of our products,
we will also be competing with respect to manufacturing efficiency and marketing
capabilities,  areas in which we have no experience. Our competitors may possess
or obtain patent protection or other intellectual  property rights that prevent,
limit or  otherwise  adversely  affect our  ability  to  develop or exploit  our
products.

         The major  competitors  with drugs to treat HIV diseases include Gilead
Pharmaceutical,  Pfizer, Bristol-Myers, Abbott Labs, Glaxo Smithkline, Merck and
Schering-Plough Corp.  ("Schering").  ALFERON N Injection(R)  currently competes
with  a  product   produced  by  Schering  for  treating   genital   warts.   3M
Pharmaceutical  also has received FDA approval for its immune response  modifier
product for the treatment of genital and perianal warts.

         GOVERNMENT REGULATION
         Regulation  by  governmental   authorities  in  the  U.S.  and  foreign
countries is and will be a significant  factor in the  manufacture and marketing
of  ALFERON  N  products  and  our  ongoing  research  and  product  development
activities. Ampligen(R) and the products developed from the ongoing research and
product  development  activities  will require  regulatory  clearances  prior to
commercialization. In particular, new human drug products for humans are subject
<PAGE> 14
to rigorous preclinical and clinical testing as a condition for clearance by the
FDA and by similar  authorities  in foreign  countries.  The lengthy  process of
seeking these  approvals,  and the ongoing process of compliance with applicable
statutes  and  regulations,  has  required,  and will  continue  to require  the
expenditure of substantial resources.  Any failure by us or our collaborators or
licensees  to obtain,  or any delay in  obtaining,  regulatory  approvals  could
materially  adversely  affect the marketing of any products  developed by us and
our ability to receive product or royalty revenue.  We have received orphan drug
designation  for certain  therapeutic  indications,  which might,  under certain
conditions,  accelerate  the  process  of  drug  commercialization.   ALFERON  N
Injection(R) is only approved for use in  intralesional  treatment of refractory
or recurring external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older. Use of
Alferon N Injection(R) for other applications requires regulatory approval.

         A "Fast-Track" designation by the FDA, while not affecting any clinical
development  time per se, has the  potential  effect of reducing the  regulatory
review  time by  fifty  percent  (50%)  from  the time  that a  commercial  drug
application  is  actually  submitted  for final  regulatory  review.  Regulatory
agencies  may  apply a "Fast  Track"  designation  to a  potential  new  drug to
accelerate the approval and commercialization process. Criteria for "Fast Track"
include:  a) a devastating disease without adequate therapy and b) laboratory or
clinical evidence that the candidate drug may address the unmet medical need. As
of this date,  we have not  received  a  Fast-Track  designation  for any of our
potential  therapeutic  indications  although  we  have  received  "Orphan  Drug
Designation"  for both  ME/CFS and  HIV/AIDS  in the U.S.  We will  continue  to
present data from time to time in support of obtaining  accelerated  review.  We
have not yet submitted any New Drug  Application  (NDA) for  Ampligen(R)  or any
other drug to a North American  regulatory  authority.  Assuming the results are
positive, we expect to finalize the data of our double-blind, placebo controlled
AMP 516  ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial and  submit an NDA by year end 2004.
There are no assurances that such  designation  will be granted,  or if granted,
there are no assurances that Fast Track designation will materially increase the
prospect  of a  successful  commercial  application.  In  2000 we  submitted  an
emergency treatment protocol for  clinically-resistant  HIV patients,  which was
withdrawn by us during the statutory 30 day regulatory review period in favor of
a set of individual  physician-generated  applications.  There are no assurances
that  authorizations  to  commence  such  treatments  will  be  granted  by  any
regulatory authority or that the resultant treatments, if any, will support drug
efficacy and safety.  In 2001, we did receive FDA authorization for two separate
Phase IIb HIV  treatment  protocols  in which our drug is combined  with certain
presently  available  antiretroviral  agents.  Interim results were presented in
2002 and 2003 at various international scientific meetings.

         We are subject to various  federal,  state and local laws,  regulations
and  recommendations  relating  to  such  matters  as safe  working  conditions,
laboratory and manufacturing  practices, the experimental use of animals and the
use of and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances,  including
radioactive compounds and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our
research work. We believe that our Rockville, Maryland manufacturing and quality
assurance/control  facility  is in  substantial  compliance  with  all  material
regulations  applicable to these  activities  as advanced by the European  Union
Inspections  team  which  conducted  detailed  audits  in  year  2000.  The  ISI
laboratory and production  facility in New Brunswick,  New Jersey,  which we are
currently  using and are in the process of  acquiring  title to, is approved for
the  manufacture of Alferon N  Injection(R)  and we believe it is in substantial
compliance  with all material  regulations.  However,  we cannot give assurances
that facilities owned and operated by third parties, including those operated by
<PAGE> 15
Bioclones Ltd., and Ribotech,  Ltd., that are utilized in the manufacture of our
products,  are  in  substantial  compliance,  or  if  presently  in  substantial
compliance,  will remain so. These third party facilities include  manufacturing
operations  in San  Juan,  Puerto  Rico;  Cape  Town,  South  Africa;  Columbia,
Maryland, and Melbourne, Australia.


         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT/COLLABORATIVE AGREEMENTS

         In  1994,  we  entered  into  a  licensing   agreement  with  Bioclones
(Proprietary)  limited  ("Bioclones") for manufacturing and international market
development in Africa,  Australia,  New Zealand,  Tasmania,  the United Kingdom,
Ireland and certain  countries in South Africa,  of Ampligen(R)  and Oragen(TM).
Bioclones is to pursue regulatory  approval in the areas of its franchise and is
required to conduct  Hepatitis  clinical trials,  based on international GMP and
GLP  standards.  Thus far, these  Hepatitis  studies have not yet commenced to a
meaningful level.  Bioclones has been given the first right of refusal,  subject
to pricing, to manufacture that amount of polymers utilized in the production of
Ampligen(R)  sufficient  to satisfy at least  one-third of the  worldwide  sales
requirement of Ampligen(R)  and other nucleic  acid-derived  drugs.  Pursuant to
this   arrangement,   we   received:   1)  access  to  worldwide   markets,   2)
commercial-scale  manufacturing  resources, 3) a $3 million cash payment in 1995
from  Bioclones,  4) a 24.9%  ownership in  Ribotech,  Ltd., a company set up by
Bioclones to develop and manufacture RNA drug compounds,  and 5) royalties of 8%
on Bioclones nucleic  acid-derived drug sales in the licensed  territories.  The
agreement with Bioclones terminates three years after the expiration of the last
of the patents  supporting the license granted to Bioclones,  subject to earlier
termination  by the  parties  for  uncured  defaults  under  the  agreement,  or
bankruptcy or insolvency  of either party.  The last patent  expires on December
22, 2012.

         In August,  1998, we entered into a strategic  alliance with Accredo to
develop  certain  marketing and  distribution  capacity for  Ampligen(R)  in the
United States. Accredo is one of the nation's largest home health care companies
with over 400 offices and sixty thousand caregivers nationwide.  Pursuant to the
agreement,   Accredo  assumed  certain   responsibilities  for  distribution  of
Ampligen(R) for which they received a fee. Through this arrangement,  Hemispherx
may mitigate the necessity of incurring certain up-front costs. Accredo has also
worked with us in  connection  with the Amp 511 ME/CFS cost  recovery  treatment
program,  Amp 516 ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial and the Amp 719  (combining
Ampligen with other antiviral drugs in HIV-salvage therapy and Amp 720 HIV Phase
IIb  clinical  trials  now  under  way).  There can be no  assurances  that this
alliance will develop a significant  commercial  position in any of its targeted
chronic  disease  markets.  The  agreement  had an  initial  one year  term from
February 9, 1998 with  successive  additional one year terms unless either party
notifies the other not less than 180 days prior to the  anniversary  date of its
intent to terminate the agreement. Also, the agreement may be terminated for the
uncured  defaults,  or  bankruptcy,  or  insolvency  of  either  party  and will
automatically  terminate upon our receiving an NDA for Ampligen(R) from the FDA,
at which  time,  a new  agreement  will need to be  negotiated  with  Accredo or
another major drug  distributor.  There were no initial fees and subsequent fees
paid under this agreement total approximately  $15,000 for services performed in
2003.

         We have acquired a series of patents on Oragen(TM), potentially an oral
broad spectrum antiviral,  immunological  enhancer through a licensing agreement
with Temple  University.  We were  granted an exclusive  worldwide  license from
Temple  for  the  Oragen(TM)  products.  Pursuant  to  the  arrangement,  we are
<PAGE> 16
obligated to pay royalties of 2% to 4% on sales of Oragen(TM),  depending on how
much technological  assistance is required of Temple. There were no initial fees
and we  currently  pay minimum  royalties  of $30,000 per year to Temple.  These
compounds have been evaluated in various  academic  laboratories for application
to chronic viral and  immunological  disorders.  This  agreement is to remain in
effect until the date that the last licensed  patent expires  unless  terminated
sooner by mutual  consent or default due to royalties  not being paid.  The last
Oragen(TM) patent expires on August 22, 2015.

         In  December,   1999,  we  entered  into  an  agreement   with  Biovail
Corporation International ("Biovail").  Biovail is an international full service
pharmaceutical   company   engaged  in  the   formulation,   clinical   testing,
registration and manufacture of drug products  utilizing  advanced drug delivery
systems.  Biovail is  headquartered  in Toronto,  Canada.  The agreement  grants
Biovail the exclusive distributorship of our product in the Canadian territories
subject to certain terms and  conditions.  In return,  Biovail agrees to conduct
certain   pre-marketing   clinical  studies  and  market  development  programs,
including without limitation, expansion of the Emergency Drug Release Program in
Canada with respect to our products. In addition, Biovail agrees to work with us
in  preparing  and  filing  a  New  Drug  Submission  with  Canadian  Regulatory
Authorities at the appropriate time.  Biovail invested  $2,250,000 in Hemispherx
equity  at prices  above the then  current  market  price and  agreed to make an
additional  investment  of  $1,750,000  based on  receiving  approval  to market
Ampligen(R) in Canada from the appropriate regulatory authorities in Canada. The
agreement  requires  Biovail to buy  exclusively  from us and penetrate  certain
market segments at specific rates in order to maintain market  exclusivity.  The
agreement  terminates  on December  15,  2009,  subject to  successive  two year
extensions by the parties and subject to earlier  termination by the parties for
uncured defaults under the agreement,  bankruptcy or insolvency of either party,
or  withdrawal  of our product from Canada for a period of more than ninety days
for serious adverse health or safety reasons.

         In 1998, we invested  $1,074,000  for a 3.3% equity  interest in R.E.D.
Laboratory ("R.E.D.").  R.E.D. is a privately held biotechnology company for the
development of diagnostic markers for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and other chronic
immune  diseases.  Primarily,  R.E.D.'s  research  and  development  is based on
certain  technology owned by Temple University and licensed to R.E.D. We have an
informal collaboration arrangement with R.E.D. to assist in this development. We
have  supplied  scientific  data with  respect to ME/CFS and engaged  R.E.D.  to
conduct  certain blood tests for our ME/CFS  clinical  trials.  We have no other
obligations to R.E.D.  R.E.D. is  headquartered  in Belgium.  The investment was
recorded at cost in 1998.  During the three  months ended June 2002 and December
2002  respectively,  we  recorded a non-cash  charge of $678,000  and  $396,000,
respectively,  to  operations  with respect to our  investment  in R.E.D.  These
charges  were  the  result  of our  determination  that  R.E.D.'s  business  and
financial  position had  deteriorated  to the point that our investment had been
permanently impaired.

         In May 2000,  we  acquired  an  interest  in Chronix  Biomedical  Corp.
("CHRONIX").  Chronix  focuses upon the  development of diagnostics  for chronic
diseases.  We issued  100,000  shares of common stock to Chronix  toward a total
equity investment of $700,000.  Pursuant to a strategic alliance  agreement,  we
provided  Chronix  with  $250,000  to conduct  research  in an effort to develop
intellectual  property on potential  new products  for  diagnosing  and treating
various  chronic  illnesses  such as ME/CFS.  The strategic  alliance  agreement
provides us certain royalty rights with respect to certain diagnostic technology
developed  from this  research and a right of first  refusal to license  certain
<PAGE> 17
therapeutic  technology  developed  from this research.  The strategic  alliance
agreement  provides  us  with a  royalty  payment  of 10% of all  net  sales  of
diagnostic  technology  developed  by Chronix  for  diagnosing  Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome,  Gulf War Syndrome and Human Herpes Virus-6 associated  diseases.  The
royalty continues for the longer of 12 years from September 15, 2000 or the life
of any patent(s) issued with regard to the diagnostic technology.  The strategic
alliance  agreement  also provides us with the right of first refusal to acquire
an exclusive worldwide license for any and all therapeutic  technology developed
by  Chronix  on or  before  September  14,  2012 for  treating  Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome, Gulf War Syndrome and Human Herpes Virus-6 associated diseases. During
the quarter ended  December 31, 2002,  we recorded a noncash  charge of $292,000
with respect to our investment in Chronix.  This impairment reduces our carrying
value to reflect a permanent decline in Chronix's market value based on its then
proposed equity offerings.

         In April,  1999 we  acquired a 30% equity  position  in the  California
Institute  of  Molecular  Medicine  ("CIMM") for  $750,000.  CIMM'S  research is
focused  on  developing  therapies  for use in  treating  patients  affected  by
Hepatitis C ("HCV"). We use the equity method of accounting with respect to this
investment.  During the fourth quarter of 2001 we recorded a non-cash  charge of
$485,000  with  respect  to our  investment  in CIMM.  This was a result  of our
determination that CIMM's operations have not yet evolved to the point where the
full carrying value of our investment could be supported based on that company's
financial position and operating results.  During 2002, CIMM continued to suffer
significant losses resulting in a deterioration of its financial condition.  The
$485,000 written off during 2001 represented the unamortized balance of goodwill
included  as part of our  investment.  Additionally,  during 2001 we reduced our
investment  in  CIMM  based  on our  percentage  interest  in  CIMM's  continued
operating  losses.  Our  remaining  investment  at  December  31,  2001 in CIMM,
representing  our 30% interest in CIMM's equity at such date,  was not deemed to
be permanently impaired, but was completely written off during 2002. Such amount
was not material.  These charges are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations under the caption "Equity loss in unconsolidated affiliate". We still
believe CIMM will succeed in their efforts to advance  therapeutic  treatment of
HCV. We believe that CIMM's Hepatitis C diagnostic  technology has great promise
and  will  fill a  long-standing  global  void in the  collective  abilities  to
diagnose and treat Hepatitis C infection at an early stage of the disorder.

         In March 2002, our European  subsidiary  Hemispherx S.A. entered into a
Sales and  Distribution  agreement  with  Esteve.  Pursuant  to the terms of the
Agreement,  Esteve was  granted the  exclusive  right to market  Ampligen(R)  in
Spain,  Portugal and Andorra for the  treatment of ME/CFS.  In addition to other
terms and other projected  payments,  Esteve agreed to conduct certain  clinical
trials using Ampligen(R) in the patient  population  coinfected with hepatitis C
and HIV viruses. The Agreement runs for the longer of ten years from the date of
the  first  arms-length  sale  in the  Territory,  the  expiration  of the  last
Hemispherx  patent  exploited  by  Esteve  or  the  period  of  regulatory  data
protection for Ampligen(R) in the applicable territory. Pursuant to the terms of
the agreement  Esteve is to conduct  clinical trials using  Ampligen(R) to treat
patients  with both HCV and HIV and is  required  to  purchase  certain  minimum
annual amounts of Ampligen(R) following regulatory approval. We expect Esteve to
start HIV  clinical  trials in Spain in 2004.  The  agreement is  terminable  by
either party if  Ampligen(R)  is withdrawn  from the  territory  for a specified
period due to serious adverse health or safety reasons;  bankruptcy,  insolvency
or related  issues of one of the parties;  or material  breach of the agreement.
Hemispherx  may  transform  the  agreement  into a  non-exclusive  agreement  or
terminate  the  agreement  in the  event  that  Esteve  does not meet  specified
percentages of its annual  minimum  purchase  requirements  under the agreement.
<PAGE> 18
Esteve may terminate the agreement in the event that Hemispherx  fails to supply
Ampligen(R) to the territory for a specified  period of time or certain clinical
trials being  conducted by Hemispherx are not  successful.  The last patent with
respect to this agreement expires on June 5, 2012.

         The  development  of our  nucleic  acid  based  products  requires  the
commitment  of  substantial  resources to conduct the  time-consuming  research,
preclinical  development,  and  clinical  trials  that  are  necessary  to bring
pharmaceutical products to market and to establish  commercial-scale  production
and marketing capabilities. During our last three fiscal years, we have directly
spent   approximately   $13,876,000  in  research  and  development,   of  which
approximately $3,150,000 was expended in the year ended December 31, 2003. These
direct costs do not include the overhead and  administrative  costs necessary to
support the research and  development  effort.  Our European  subsidiary  has an
exclusive  license  on  all  the  technology  and  support  from  us  concerning
Ampligen(R)  for the use of ME/CFS and other  applications  for all countries of
the European Union  (excluding the UK where  Bioclones has a marketing  license)
and Norway, Switzerland, Hungary, Poland, the Balkans, Russia, Ukraine, Romania,
Bulgaria,  Slovakia,  Turkey,  Iceland and  Liechtenstein.  As mentioned  above,
Hemispherx  S.A.  entered into a Sales and  Distribution  Agreement with Esteve.
Pursuant to the terms of this  agreement,  Esteve has been granted the exclusive
right in Spain,  Portugal and Andorra to market Ampligen(R) for the treatment of
ME/CFS. See "European Operations", above for more detailed information.

         HUMAN RESOURCES

         As of February 27, 2004, we had 38 personnel working on the development
of  Ampligen(R)  consisting  of 19 full time  employees,  6  regulatory/research
medical personnel on a part-time basis, and 13 clinical investigators. Part time
personnel are paid on a per diem or monthly  basis.  22 personnel are engaged in
our  research,  development,  clinical,  and  manufacturing  effort.  5  of  our
personnel perform regulatory, general administration, data processing, including
bio-statistics, financial and investor relations functions.

         In addition to the foregoing personnel,  pursuant to our agreement with
ISI, we added personnel from ISI to our payroll consisting of 5 part-time and 12
full-time employees.

         We  believe  that the  combination  of  Hemispherx  and ISI  Scientific
employees has 1) significantly  strengthened our overall organization,  2) added
expertise to monitor and complete  our ongoing  clinical  trials and 3) improved
our data management and system administration.

         While we have been  successful  in attracting  skilled and  experienced
scientific personnel,  there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract
or retain the necessary qualified employees and/or consultants in the future.

         SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD

         We  reestablished  a  Scientific  Advisory  Board  in  October,   2003,
consisting of individuals who we believe have particular  scientific and medical
expertise in Virology,  Cancer,  Immunology,  Biochemistry  and related  fields.
These individuals will advise us about current and long term scientific planning
including  research and  development.  The  Scientific  Advisory Board will hold
periodic  meetings  as needed by the  clinical  studies  in  progress  by us. In
addition,  individual  Scientific  Advisory Board Members sometimes will consult
<PAGE> 19
with,  and meet  informally  with our  employees.  All members of the Scientific
Advisory  Board  are  employed  by  others  and may have  commitments  to and/or
consulting agreements with other entities,  including our potential competitors.
Members of the Scientific  Advisory Board are  compensated at the rate of $1,000
per meeting attended or per day devoted to our affairs.

         In January  2004 a meeting was held in  Philadelphia  where  Scientific
Advisory Board members from Cornell  University,  University of Virginia and the
Pasteur  Institute  gathered to review and make  suggestions  pertaining  to our
clinical and research programs in 2004. A member of our Board of Directors,  Dr.
William Mitchell of Vanderbilt University also attended the meeting.


                     RECENT FINANCING AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS

         On March 12, 2003,  we issued an aggregate of  $5,426,000  in principal
amount  of 6%  Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due  January  2005  (the  "March
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 743,288 warrants to two investors in a private
placement for  aggregate  proceeds of  $4,650,000.  Pursuant to the terms of the
March  Debentures,  $1,550,000  of the  proceeds  from  the  sale  of the  March
Debentures  were to have been held back and were to be  released  to us if,  and
only if, we acquired ISI's facility within a set timeframe.  Although we had not
acquired  ISI's  facility yet, these funds were released to us in June 2003. The
March  Debentures  were to mature on January  31,  2005 with  interest at 6% per
annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash  or,  subject  to  satisfaction  of  certain
conditions,  common stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as
payment of  interest  were  valued at 95% of the  average  closing  price of the
common  stock  during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third
business  day  immediately  preceding  the  applicable  interest  payment  date.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the March Debentures,  we pledged all of
our assets, other than our intellectual  property, as collateral and are subject
to comply with certain financial and negative covenants, which included but were
not limited to the  repayment  of  principal  balances  upon  achieving  certain
revenue milestones.

         The March Debentures were convertible at the option of the investors at
any time  through  January  31,  2005  into  shares  of our  common  stock.  The
conversion price under the March Debentures is fixed at $1.46 per share, subject
to  adjustment  for  anti-dilution  protection  for  issuance of common stock or
securities  convertible or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price less than
the conversion price then in effect.

         The  investors  also  received  Warrants to acquire at any time through
March 12,  2008 an  aggregate  of 743,288  shares of common  stock at a price of
$1.68 per share.  On March 12, 2004,  the exercise  price of the Warrants was to
reset to the lesser of the exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the
average of the daily price of the common stock  between March 13, 2003 and March
11, 2004 (but in no event less than $1.176 per share).  The exercise  price (and
the reset price) under the Warrants also was subject to similar  adjustments for
anti-dilution protection. All of these warrants have been exercised.

         On June 25,  2003,  we issued to each of the March 12,  2003  Debenture
holders a warrant to acquire at any time  through  June 25, 2008 an aggregate of
500,000 shares of common stock at a price of $2.40 per share.  On June 25, 2004,
the exercise  price of these June 2008  Warrants will reset to the lesser of the
exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the average of the daily price
of the common  stock  between  June 26,  2003 and June 24, 2004 (but in no event
<PAGE> 20
less than $1.68 per share).  The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the
June 2008 Warrants also is subject to adjustments for  anti-dilution  protection
similar to those in the July 2008  Warrants.  Pursuant to our agreement with the
Debenture holders, we have registered the shares issuable upon exercise of these
June 2008 Warrants for public sale.

         We entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
  connection  with the issuance of the March  Debentures  and the Warrants.  The
  Registration  Rights Agreement  required that we register the shares of common
  stock issuable upon conversion of the Debentures, as interest shares under the
  Debentures  and  upon  exercise  of the  Warrants.  In  accordance  with  this
  agreement, we have registered these shares for public sale.

         As of  December  31,  2003,  the  investors  had  converted  the  total
$5,426,000 principal of the March Debentures into 3,716,438 shares of our common
stock.  The total  interest  charges on the  debentures  were  $111,711 of which
$17,290 was paid in cash and  $94,421 was paid by the  issuance of shares of our
common stock.  The investors  exercised the 743,288 warrants in July, 2003 which
produced proceeds in the amount of $1,248,724.

         On July 10, 2003,  we issued an aggregate  of  $5,426,000  in principal
amount  of 6%  Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due July  31,  2005  (the  "July
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 507,102 Warrants (the "July 2008 Warrants") to
the same  investors who purchased  the March 12, 2003  Debentures,  in a private
placement for aggregate  anticipated  gross proceeds of $4,650,000.  Pursuant to
the terms of the July  Debentures,  $1,550,000  of the proceeds from the sale of
the July  Debentures  were to have been held back and were to be  released to us
if, and only if, we acquired ISI's facility within a set timeframe.  Although we
had not acquired  ISI's facility yet, these funds were released to us in October
2003.  The July  Debentures  mature on July 31, 2005 and bear interest at 6% per
annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash  or,  subject  to  satisfaction  of  certain
conditions,  common stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as
payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing price of the
common  stock  during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third
business day immediately preceding the applicable interest payment date.

         The July  Debentures are  convertible at the option of the investors at
any time through July 31, 2005 into shares of our common stock.  The  conversion
price under the July Debentures was fixed at $2.14 per share;  however,  as part
of the new  debenture  placement  closed on October  29, 2003 (see  below),  the
conversion  price under the July Debentures was lowered to $1.89 per share.  The
conversion  price is subject to  adjustment  for  anti-dilution  protection  for
issuance of common stock or securities  convertible or exchangeable  into common
stock at a price less than the conversion price then in effect.

         The July 2008 Warrants  received by the investors,  as amended,  are to
acquire at any time  commencing  on July 26,  2004  through  January 31, 2009 an
aggregate of 507,102  shares of common  stock at a price of $2.46 per share.  On
July 10, 2004,  the exercise price of these July 2008 Warrants will reset to the
lesser of the  exercise  price then in effect or a price equal to the average of
the daily price of the common stock  between July 11, 2003 and July 9, 2004 (but
in no event less than $2.14 per share). The exercise price (and the reset price)
under  the July  2008  Warrants  is also  subject  to  similar  adjustments  for
anti-dilution protection.

         We entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
connection  with the issuance of the July Debentures and the July 2008 Warrants.
<PAGE> 21
The  Registration  Rights  Agreement  requires that we register on behalf of the
holders the shares of common stock issuable upon  conversion of the  Debentures,
as  interest  shares  under the  Debentures  and upon  exercise of the July 2008
Warrants. These shares have been registered for public sale.

         On October 29, 2003,  we issued an aggregate of $4,142,357 in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due October 31, 2005 (the "October
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 410,134 Warrants (the "October 2008 Warrants")
in a private  placement for aggregate  anticipated gross proceeds of $3,550,000.
Pursuant to the terms of the October Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds from
the sale of the October  Debentures  have been held back and will be released to
us if, and only if, we  acquired  ISI's  facility  within 90 days of October 29,
2003 and provide a mortgage on the facility as further  security for the October
Debentures.  The  debenture  holders have extended the deadline to 90 days after
January 26,  2004.  The October  Debentures  mature on October 31, 2005 and bear
interest at 6% per annum,  payable quarterly in cash or, subject to satisfaction
of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the
investors as payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing
price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business  days ending on
the third business day  immediately  preceding the applicable  interest  payment
date.

         Upon  completing  the  sale  of the  October  Debentures,  we  received
$3,275,000 in net proceeds  consisting of $1,725,000 from the October Debentures
and $1,550,000 that had been withheld from the July Debentures.  As noted above,
$1,550,000  of the  proceeds  from the  October  Debentures  have been held back
pending our completing the acquisition of the ISI facility.

         The October  Debentures are  convertible at the option of the investors
at any time  through  October  31,  2005 into  shares of our common  stock.  The
conversion  price  under the  October  Debentures  is fixed at $2.02 per  share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion price then in effect.

         The October 2008 Warrants, as amended, received by the investors are to
acquire  at any time  commencing  on July 26,  2004  through  April 30,  2009 an
aggregate of 410,134  shares of common  stock at a price of $2.32 per share.  On
October 29, 2004,  the exercise  price of these October 2008 Warrants will reset
to the  lesser of the  exercise  price  then in  effect or a price  equal to the
average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between  October  29, 2003 and
October 27, 2004 (but in no event less than $2.19 per share). The exercise price
(and the reset price) under the October 2008 Warrants is also subject to similar
adjustments for anti-dilution protection.

         As of February 27, 2004,  the investors had  converted  $,9,589,300  of
debt from the March and July  Debentures  into  5,894,137  shares of our  common
stock. The March Debentures have been fully converted.  The remaining  principal
balance on the remaining  debentures is convertible  into shares of our stock at
the option of the investors at any time, through the maturity date. In addition,
we have paid $1,300,000  into the debenture cash collateral  account as required
by the terms of the October  Debentures.  The amounts paid through  December 31,
2003 have been accounted for as advances receivable and are reflected as such on
the  accompanying  balance  sheet as of December 31, 2003.  The cash  collateral
<PAGE> 22
account provides partial security for repayment of the July and October 2003 and
January 2004 Debentures in the event of default.

         We entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
connection  with the  issuance of the October  Debentures  and the October  2008
Warrants.  The Registration Rights Agreement requires that we register on behalf
of the  holders  the shares of common  stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of the
October  Debentures,  as interest  shares under the October  Debentures and upon
exercise of the 2008 Warrants.  If, subject to certain exceptions,  sales of all
shares  required to be registered  cannot be made  pursuant to the  registration
statement, then we will be required to pay to the investors their pro rata share
of $3,635 for each day such conditions exists.

         On January 26, 2004,  we issued an aggregate of $4,000,000 in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due January 31, 2006 (the "January
2004  Debentures"),  an aggregate of 790,514  warrants (the "2009 Warrants") and
158,103 shares of common stock, and Additional Investment Rights (to purchase up
to  an  additional  $2,000,000  principal  amount  of  January  2004  Debentures
commencing in six months) in a private  placement for aggregate  anticipated net
proceeds of $3,695,000.  The January 2004 Debentures  mature on January 31, 2006
and bear  interest at 6% per annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash or,  subject to
satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock
issued to the  investors  as payment of  interest  shall be valued at 95% of the
average closing price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business
days ending on the third  business  day  immediately  preceding  the  applicable
interest  payment date.  Commencing  six months after  issuance,  the Company is
required to start  repaying  the then  outstanding  principal  amount  under the
January 2004 Debentures in monthly installments amortized over 18 months in cash
or, at the Company's  option,  in shares of common  stock.  Any shares of common
stock issued to the investors as installment  payments shall be valued at 95% of
the average  closing price of the common stock during the 10-day  trading period
commencing on and including the eleventh  trading day immediately  preceding the
date that the installment is due.

         The  January  2004  Debentures  are  convertible  at the  option of the
investors at any time through  January 31, 2006 into shares of our common stock.
The  conversion  price under the January 2004  Debentures  is fixed at $2.53 per
share, subject to adjustment for anti-dilution protection for issuance of common
stock or securities  convertible  or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price
less than the conversion price then in effect.

         There are two classes of July 2009 warrants  received by the Investors:
Class A and Class B. The Class A warrants  are to acquire any time from July 26,
2004 through July 26, 2009 an aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common stock
at a price of $3.29 per share. The Class B warrants are to acquire any time from
July 26, 2004  through  July 26, 2009 an  aggregate  of up to 395,257  shares of
common stock at a price of $5.06 per share.  On January 27,  2005,  the exercise
price of these July 2009  Class A and Class B Warrants  will reset to the lesser
of their  respective  exercise  price  then in  effect  or a price  equal to the
average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between  January  27, 2004 and
January  26,  2005 (but in no event less than $2.58 per share with regard to the
Class A warrants and $3.54 per share with regard to the Class B  warrants).  The
exercise  price  (and the reset  price)  under the July  2009  Warrants  also is
subject to similar adjustments for anti-dilution protection.

         The Company also issued to the investors  Additional  Investment Rights
pursuant to which the  investors  have the right to acquire up to an  additional
<PAGE> 23
$2,000,000  principal amount of January 2004 Debentures from the Company.  These
Debentures  are  identical  to the  January  2004  Debentures  except  that  the
conversion  price is $2.58.  The Additional  Investment  Rights are  exercisable
commencing  on July 26, 2004 (the  "Trigger"  date) for a period of 90 days from
the  Trigger  Date or 90 days  from the date  which the  registration  statement
registering  the  shares  issuable  upon  the  conversion  of the  January  2004
Debentures to be issued pursuant to the Additional Investment Rights is declared
effective, whichever is longer.

         The Company  entered  into a  Registration  Rights  Agreement  with the
investors  in  connection  with the  issuance  of the  January  2004  Debentures
(including any Debentures issued pursuant to the Additional  Investment Rights),
the shares,  and the January 2009 Warrants.  The  Registration  Rights Agreement
requires that the Company  register on behalf of the investors the shares issued
to the  investors  and  135%  of the  shares  issuable  upon  conversion  of the
Debentures  (including  payment of interest  thereon)  and upon  exercise of the
January 2009 Warrants.  If the Registration  Statement  covering these shares is
not filed  within  the time  period  required  by the  agreement,  not  declared
effective  within the time period  required  by the  agreement  or,  after it is
declared  effective  and  subject  to  certain  exceptions,  sales of all shares
required to be registered thereon cannot be made pursuant thereto,  then we will
be required to pay to the investors  their pro rata share of $3,635 for each day
any of the above conditions exist with respect to this Registration Statement.

         By agreement between the Company and the investors, the date upon which
all warrants  previously  issued to the investors may become  exercisable is now
July 26, 2004 and the  exercise  periods of these  warrants  have been  extended
accordingly.

         By agreement with Cardinal  Securities,  LLC,  ("Cardinal") for general
financial  advisory  services  and in  conjunction  with the  private  debenture
placements in March, July and October 2003 and in January 2004, we paid Cardinal
an  investment  banking  fee  equal  to 7% of the  investments  made  by the two
Debenture  holders and issued to  Cardinal  certain  warrants.  A portion of the
investment banking fee was paid with the issuance of 30,000 shares of our common
stock.  Cardinal also received  612,500  warrants to purchase  common stock,  of
which 112,500 are  exercisable  at $1.74 per share,  112,500 are  exercisable at
$2.57 per  share,  200,000  are  exercisable  at $2.50  per  share,  87,500  are
exercisable  at $2.42 per share and 100,000 are  exercisable at $3.04 per share.
The $1.74 warrants  expire on July 10, 2008, the $2.57 and $2.50 warrants expire
on March 12, 2008, the $2.42  warrants  expire on October 30, 2008 and the $3.04
warrants  expire on January  25,  2009.  By  agreement  with  Cardinal,  we have
registered  542,500  shares  for public  sale and have  agreed to  register  the
balance.

         On March 11, 2003, we acquired from Interferon Sciences,  Inc. ("ISI"),
ISI's inventory of ALFERON N  Injection(R),  a  pharmaceutical  product used for
intralesional  treatment of  refractory or recurring  external  genital warts in
patients 18 years of age or older,  and a limited  license  for the  production,
manufacture,  use, marketing and sale of this product. As partial consideration,
we issued  487,028  shares of our common stock to ISI Pursuant to our agreements
with ISI, we  registered  these  shares for public sale and, as of December  17,
2003,  ISI has reported that it has sold all of these shares.  We also agreed to
pay ISI 6 % of the net sales of ALFERON N Injection(R).

         On March 11, 2003,  we also entered into an agreement to purchase  from
ISI all of its rights to the  product  and other  assets  related to the product
<PAGE> 24
including,  but not limited to, real estate and machinery.  For these assets, we
agreed to issue to ISI an additional  487,028 shares and to issue 314,465 shares
and 267,296  shares,  respectively  to The  American  National  Red Cross and GP
Strategies  Corporation,  two  creditors of ISI. We have  guaranteed  the market
value of all but 62,500 of these shares on terms substantially  similar to those
for the initial  acquisition of the ISI assets.  The termination  date for these
guarantees is 18 months after the date of issuance of the  guaranteed  shares to
GP  Strategies,  24  months  after  the date of  issuance  and  delivery  of the
additional  487,028  guaranteed  shares to ISI and 12  months  after the date of
issuance of the guaranteed  shares to the American  National Red Cross.  We also
agreed to satisfy other  liabilities  of ISI which are past due and secured by a
lien  on  ISI's  real  estate  and to pay ISI 6% of the net  sales  of  products
containing natural alpha interferon.

         On May 30, 2003, we issued the shares to GP Strategies and the American
  National  Red  Cross.  Pursuant  to our  agreements  with  ISI and  these  two
  creditors,  we have  registered  the  foregoing  shares for public sale. As of
  December 31, 2003, GP  Strategies  has indicated to us that it has sold all of
  its Hemispherx shares.

         In  connection  with  the  debenture  agreements,  we have  outstanding
letters of credit of $1 million as additional collateral.

         Prior to our annual meeting of stockholders in September 2003, we had a
limited  number of shares of Common Stock  authorized but not issued or reserved
for  issuance  upon  conversion  or  exercise  or  outstanding  convertible  and
exercisable  securities such as debentures,  options and warrants.  Prior to the
meeting,  to permit consummation of the sale of the July 2005 Debentures and the
related  warrants,  Dr. Carter agreed that he would not exercise his warrants or
options unless and until our stockholders  approve an increase in our authorized
shares of common stock. For Dr. Carter's waiver of his right to exercise certain
options and warrants prior to approval of the increase in our authorized shares,
and for Dr. Carter's  entering into a $250,000  letter of credit  benefiting the
Debenture holders in the event of a default, we agreed to compensate Dr. Carter.
See "Executive  Compensation;  Employment Agreements" for details related to how
Dr. Carter has been compensated with respect to these matters.

         On November 6, 2003 we acquired  some of the  outstanding  ISI property
tax  lien  certificates  in  the  aggregate  amount  of  $456,839  from  certain
investors.  These tax liens were issued for property taxes and utilities due for
2000,  2001 and 2002. For more  information  about our  acquisition of these tax
liens and our suit against ISI in Delaware, see "Item 3. Legal Proceedings."

         On March 13,  2003,  we issued  347,445  shares of our common  stock to
Provesan  SA, an  affiliate  of  Esteve,  in  exchange  for  1,000,000  Euros of
convertible  preferred equity certificates of Hemispherx Biopharma Europe, S.A.,
owned by Esteve, and all dividends earned and to be earned through September 30,
2003.  We agreed to  register  the  shares  issued to  Provesan  SA, and we have
registered these shares for public sale.

         As of December 31, 2003,  we had  approximately  $5,260,000 in cash and
short term  investments.  We believe  that these funds plus the net  proceeds of
approximately $3.7 million from the recently placed January 2004 Debentures,  2)
the receipt of the $1.55 million of proceeds  held back pending the  acquisition
of the ISI facility,  3) potential  licensing fee income,  4) the  $2,000,000 in
proceeds we expect  when the  investors  exercise  their  additional  investment
rights in connection with the January 2004  Debenture,  and 5) and the projected
<PAGE> 25
revenue from the  acquisition of the ALFERON N Injection(R)  business  should be
sufficient to meet our operating requirements for the 2004 fiscal year.

         In addition, we may raise additional funds through additional equity or
debt  financing,  collaborative  arrangements  with  corporate  partners,  lease
financing  or from other  sources in order to complete  the  necessary  clinical
trials and the  regulatory  approval  processes  and begin  commercializing  our
products.  If adequate funds are not available from operations and if we are not
able to secure additional  sources of financing on acceptable terms, we would be
materially adversely affected in our commercialization process.


                                  RISK FACTORS

The following cautionary  statements identify important factors that could cause
our  actual   result  to  differ   materially   from  those   projected  in  the
forward-looking  statements  made in this Form 10-K.  Among the key factors that
have a direct bearing on our results of operations are:


No assurance of successful product development

         Ampligen(R)  and related  products.  The development of Ampligen(R) and
our  other  related  products  is  subject  to a number  of  significant  risks.
Ampligen(R) may be found to be ineffective or to have adverse side effects, fail
to receive  necessary  regulatory  clearances,  be difficult to manufacture on a
commercial   scale,   be   uneconomical   to   market  or  be   precluded   from
commercialization  by proprietary  right of third  parties.  Our products are in
various stages of clinical and  pre-clinical  development  and,  require further
clinical studies and appropriate  regulatory  approval processes before any such
products can be marketed. We do not know when, if ever, Ampligen(R) or our other
products will be generally  available for  commercial  sale for any  indication.
Generally,  only a  small  percentage  of  potential  therapeutic  products  are
eventually  approved  by the  U.S.  Food  and Drug  Administration  ("FDA")  for
commercial sale.

         ALFERON N Injection(R). Although ALFERON N Injection(R) is approved for
marketing in the United States for the intralesional  treatment of refractory or
recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older, to date
it has not been  approved  for  other  indications.  We face  many of the  risks
discussed  above,  with regard to developing this product for use to treat other
ailments such as multiple sclerosis and cancer.

Our drug and related  technologies are investigational and subject to regulatory
approval. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval, our operations will be
significantly affected.

         All of our drugs  and  associated  technologies  other  than  ALFERON N
Injection(R) are  investigational  and must receive prior regulatory approval by
appropriate  regulatory  authorities  for general use and are currently  legally
available only through  clinical  trials with specified  disorders.  At present,
ALFERON N  Injection(R)  is only  approved  for the  intralesional  treatment of
refractory  or recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or
older.  Use of  ALFERON  N  Injection(R)  for  other  indications  will  require
regulatory  approval.  In this regard,  Interferon  Sciences,  Inc. ("ISI"), the
company from which we obtained our rights to ALFERON N  Injection(R),  conducted
clinical  trials related to use of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  for treatment of HIV
and Hepatitis C. In both instances,  the FDA determined that additional  studies
<PAGE> 26
were necessary in order to fully evaluate the efficacy of ALFERON N Injection(R)
in the  treatment  of HIV and  Hepatitis C diseases.  We have no  obligation  or
immediate plans to conduct these additional studies at this time.

         Our  products,   including   Ampligen(R),   are  subject  to  extensive
regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries,
including, but not limited to, the FDA in the U.S., the Health Protection Branch
("HPB") of Canada,  and the  European  Medical  Evaluation  Agency  ("EMEA")  in
Europe.  Obtaining  regulatory  approvals is a rigorous and lengthy  process and
requires the  expenditure  of  substantial  resources.  In order to obtain final
regulatory  approval of a new drug, we must  demonstrate to the  satisfaction of
the  regulatory  agency that the product is safe and  effective for its intended
uses and that we are  capable of  manufacturing  the  product to the  applicable
regulatory  standards.  We  require  regulatory  approval  in  order  to  market
Ampligen(R)  or any other  proposed  product  and  receive  product  revenues or
royalties. We cannot assure you that Ampligen(R) will ultimately be demonstrated
to be safe or efficacious.  In addition, while Ampligen(R) is authorized for use
in clinical  trials in the United States and other  countries,  we cannot assure
you that  additional  clinical trial  approvals will be authorized in the United
States or in other  countries,  in a timely  fashion or at all,  or that we will
complete these clinical trials. If Ampligen(R) or one of our other products does
not receive  regulatory  approval in the U.S. or elsewhere,  our operations most
likely will be materially adversely affected.

We may  continue to incur  substantial  losses and our future  profitability  is
uncertain.

         We began  operations  in 1966 and last  reported  net profit  from 1985
through 1987. Since 1987, we have incurred  substantial  operating losses, as we
pursued our clinical  trial  effort and  expanded  our efforts in Europe.  As of
December 31, 2003, our  accumulated  deficit was  $113,843,000.  We have not yet
generated  significant  revenues from our products and may incur substantial and
increased  losses in the  future.  We cannot  assure  that we will ever  achieve
significant  revenues from product sales or become profitable.  We require,  and
will continue to require, the commitment of substantial resources to develop our
products.  We  cannot  assure  that  our  product  development  efforts  will be
successfully completed or that required regulatory approvals will be obtained or
that  any  products  will  be  manufactured  and  marketed  successfully,  or be
profitable.

We may require additional financing which may not be available.

         The  development  of  our  products  will  require  the  commitment  of
substantial  resources  to  conduct  the  time-consuming  research,  preclinical
development,  and clinical  trials that are  necessary  to bring  pharmaceutical
products to market. As of December 31, 2003, we had  approximately  $5.3 million
in cash and short  term  investments.  We believe  that these  funds plus 1) the
$3,695,000  in  net  proceeds  from  the  January  Debenture  placement,  2) the
anticipated  infusion of  approximately  $1.55 million in remaining net proceeds
from the October  Debentures,  3) the  projected  net cash flow from the sale of
ALFERON N  Injection(R),  4) the proceeds from licensing  agreements  and/or the
expected infusion of $2,000,000 in proceeds from our investors  exercising their
additional  investment  rights should be  sufficient to meet our operating  cash
requirements  including debt service during the 2004 fiscal year. We may need to
raise additional funds through additional equity or debt financing or from other
sources in order to complete the necessary  clinical  trials and the  regulatory
approval processes and begin commercializing  Ampligen(R) products. There can be
no assurances  that we will raise  adequate  funds from these or other  sources,
which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop our products.
<PAGE> 27
In addition, if we do not timely complete the second ISI asset acquisition,  our
financial  condition  could be materially  and adversely  affected (see the next
risk factor).

If we do not complete the second Interferon  Sciences,  Inc. asset  acquisition,
our ability to generate revenues from the sale of ALFERON N Injection(R) and our
financial condition will be adversely affected.

         In March,  2003 we executed two agreements with ISI to purchase certain
assets of ISI. In the first  agreement we acquired ISI's  inventory of ALFERON N
Injection(R)  and a  limited  license  for  the  production,  manufacture,  use,
marketing and sale of this product.  Our ability to generate  sustained revenues
from sales of this product is dependent,  among other things,  on our completing
the terms of the second  agreement to acquire the balance of ISI's rights to its
product as well as ISI's  production  facility  used to formulate and purify the
drug  concentrate  of  ALFERON N  Injection(R).  If we are  unable  to  generate
sustained revenues from the sale of this product,  our financial condition could
be materially and adversely affected.

         In  addition,  pursuant  to terms  of the  October  Debentures,  we are
required to acquire  ISI's  facility  within 90 days from  January 26, 2004 and,
unless and until we acquire the  facility,  $1,550,000  of the proceeds from the
sale of the October  Debentures will be held back. The same condition was in the
July Debentures and in the debentures issued in March 2003; however, the holders
waived this condition in both  debentures.  Consummation of the second agreement
requires,  among other things, approval by ISI's stockholders.  On March 9, 2004
ISI's stockholders approved the second asset acquisition.

         Due to ongoing  delays on the part of ISI, on September  23,  2003,  we
commenced an action against ISI in Delaware  seeking  specific  performance  and
declaratory  and  injunctive  relief  related  to the  first  and  second  asset
acquisition agreements. Our primary objectives are to compel ISI to complete the
second asset  acquisition  and to prevent ISI from  terminating the second asset
acquisition  agreement due to the passage of time. For more  information on this
action,  see "Item 3. Legal  Proceedings." It is possible that that this lawsuit
could further delay the closing of the second asset acquisition.


         Our failure to complete the  acquisition  within the 90 day period will
result in a technical default of the terms of the October Debentures and, absent
consent from the holders of these  debentures for additional  time, might result
in our having to redeem the  securities.  If we do not  receive  the  additional
funds from the October Debentures as planned and,  especially if we are required
to redeem these  debentures,  our financial  condition  would be materially  and
adversely  affected  and we would  probably  have to reduce or possibly  curtail
operational  spending  including  some critical  clinical  effort.  In addition,
although we have not yet  completed the  acquisition,  we issued an aggregate of
581,761  shares to GP  Strategies  and the  American  National  Red  Cross,  two
creditors of ISI, as partial  consideration  for the  acquisition  and we may be
required to repurchase  some of the shares in the future at $1.59 per share (see
the risk factor "We have  guaranteed  the value of a number of shares issued and
to be issued as a result of our acquisition of assets from Interferon  Sciences.
If our share price is not above $1.59 per share 12 or 24 months  after the dates
of issuance of the guaranteed shares, our financial condition could be adversely
affected" below). If we do not complete the acquisition,  we will look to ISI to
pay us the  value of the  shares  that we  issued  to these  two  creditors.  No
assurance  can be given  that we will be able to so  recoup  the  value of these
shares.
<PAGE> 28
We have  guaranteed the value of a number of shares issued and to be issued as a
result of our acquisition of assets from Interferon Sciences. If our share price
is not above $1.59 per share 12 or 24 months  after the dates of issuance of the
guaranteed shares, our financial condition could be adversely affected.

         Upon the  consummation  of the  second ISI asset  acquisition,  we will
issue an additional 487,028 shares to ISI. In May 2003 we issued an aggregate of
581,761 shares to two creditors of ISI. We anticipate,  but cannot assure,  that
we will close the second ISI asset  acquisition  sometime in March 2004. We have
guaranteed  the value of all but 62,500 of these  shares to be issued to ISI and
the creditors, to be $1.59 per share on the termination date. As of February 10,
2004, GP Strategies has sold all of its guaranteed shares. The termination dates
are 24 months after the dates of issuance and delivery of the guaranteed  shares
to ISI, and 12 months after the date of issuance of the guaranteed shares to the
American  National Red Cross.  The guarantee  relates only to those shares still
held by ISI and the American  National Red Cross on the  applicable  termination
date.  If, within 30 days after the relevant  termination  date,  holders of the
guaranteed  shares request that we honor the  guarantees,  we will reacquire the
holders' remaining guaranteed shares and pay the holders $1.59 per share. By way
of example,  assuming  that all remaining  738,993  shares are still held on the
relevant  termination  dates  and  the  holders  requested  that  we  honor  the
guarantees,  we would be obligated  to pay to ISI and the American  National Red
Cross an aggregate of  $1,174,999.  The reported  last sale price for our common
stock on the American  Stock  Exchange on February 18, 2004 was $4.05 per share.
If, during the 31 days commencing on the relevant  termination dates, the market
price of our  stock is not  above  $1.59  per  share,  we most  likely  would be
requested and obligated to pay the guaranteed  amount on the  guaranteed  shares
outstanding on the relevant  termination  dates.  We believe that the guaranteed
shares still outstanding on the relevant  termination dates might be a factor of
the  market  price and sales  volume of our common  stock  during the 24, and 12
month periods prior to the relevant termination date.

         If the  holders  of the  guaranteed  shares  do not sell a  significant
amount of their guaranteed  shares prior to the relevant  termination  dates and
the  price of our  common  stock  during  the 31 day  period  commencing  on the
relevant  termination dates is not above $1.59 per share, we most likely will be
required  to  repurchase  a  significant  number of  guaranteed  shares  and our
financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

We may not be  profitable  unless we can  protect  our  patents  and/or  receive
approval for additional pending patents.

         We need to preserve and acquire enforceable patents covering the use of
Ampligen(R) for a particular disease in order to obtain exclusive rights for the
commercial  sale of  Ampligen(R)  for such  disease.  If and when we obtain  all
rights  to  ALFERON  N  Injection(R),  we will  need  to  preserve  and  acquire
enforceable  patents covering its use for a particular  disease too. Our success
depends,  in large part, on our ability to preserve and obtain patent protection
for our products and to obtain and  preserve  our trade  secrets and  expertise.
Certain of our know-how  and  technology  is not  patentable,  particularly  the
procedures  for the  manufacture  of our drug  product  which  are  carried  out
according to standard operating  procedure manuals.  We have been issued certain
patents including those on the use of Ampligen(R) and Ampligen(R) in combination
with  certain  other  drugs for the  treatment  of HIV. We also have been issued
patents on the use of Ampligen(R)  in  combination  with certain other drugs for
the treatment of chronic  Hepatitis B virus,  chronic  Hepatitis C virus,  and a
<PAGE> 29
patent which  affords  protection  on the use of  Ampligen(R)  in patients  with
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.  We have not yet been issued any patents in the United
States for the use of  Ampligen(R)  as a sole  treatment for any of the cancers,
which we have sought to target. With regard to ALFERON N Injection(R), ISI has a
patent  for  natural  alpha  interferon  produced  from human  peripheral  blood
leukocytes and its production  process and has  additional  patent  applications
pending.  We will acquire this patent and related  patent  applications,  if and
when,  we close on the second ISI asset  acquisition.  We cannot assure you that
any of these applications will be approved or that our competitors will not seek
and obtain patents regarding the use of our products in combination with various
other  agents,  for a  particular  target  indication  prior to us. If we cannot
protect our patents  covering the use of our products for a particular  disease,
or obtain additional pending patents,  we may not be able to successfully market
our products.

The  patent  position  of  biotechnology  and  pharmaceutical  firms  is  highly
uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions.

         To date,  no  consistent  policy has emerged  regarding  the breadth of
protection afforded by pharmaceutical and biotechnology patents. There can be no
assurance  that new patent  applications  relating to our products or technology
will result in patents being issued or that, if issued, such patents will afford
meaningful  protection  against  competitors  with  similar  technology.  It  is
generally  anticipated that there may be significant  litigation in the industry
regarding patent and intellectual property rights. Such litigation could require
substantial  resources  from  us and we may not  have  the  financial  resources
necessary to enforce the patent  rights that we hold.  No assurance  can be made
that our patents will provide  competitive  advantages  for our products or will
not be successfully  challenged by  competitors.  No assurance can be given that
patents do not exist or could not be filed which would have a materially adverse
effect on our ability to develop or market our products or to obtain or maintain
any competitive  position that we may achieve with respect to our products.  Our
patents also may not prevent others from developing  competitive  products using
related technology.



<PAGE> 30


There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain  necessary  licenses if
we cannot enforce  patent rights we may hold. In addition,  the failure of third
parties from whom we currently license certain  proprietary  information or from
whom we may be  required to obtain such  licenses in the future,  to  adequately
enforce their rights to such proprietary information, could adversely affect the
value of such licenses to us.

         If we cannot  enforce  the patent  rights we  currently  hold we may be
required to obtain  licenses from others to develop,  manufacture  or market our
products.  There can be no  assurance  that we would be able to obtain  any such
licenses on  commercially  reasonable  terms,  if at all. We  currently  license
certain proprietary  information from third parties, some of which may have been
developed  with  government  grants  under  circumstances  where the  government
maintained certain rights with respect to the proprietary information developed.
No assurances can be given that such third parties will  adequately  enforce any
rights they may have or that the rights, if any, retained by the government will
not adversely affect the value of our license.

There is no guarantee  that our trade  secrets will not be disclosed or known by
our competitors.

         To protect our rights,  we require certain employees and consultants to
enter into  confidentiality  agreements  with us. There can be no assurance that
these  agreements  will  not be  breached,  that  we  would  have  adequate  and
enforceable  remedies for any breach, or that any trade secrets of ours will not
otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors.

If our distributors do not market our products successfully, we may not generate
significant revenues or become profitable.

         We have limited marketing and sales  capability.  We are dependent upon
existing and, possibly future, marketing agreements and third party distribution
agreements for our products in order to generate significant revenues and become
profitable.  As a result,  any revenues  received by us will be dependent on the
efforts of third  parties,  and there is no assurance that these efforts will be
successful.  Our  agreement  with Accredo  offers the  potential to provide some
marketing and  distribution  capacity in the United States while agreements with
Bioclones  (Proprietary),  Ltd , Biovail  Corporation and  Laboratorios  Del Dr.
Esteve  S.A.  should  provide a sales  force in South  America,  Africa,  United
Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand, Canada, Spain and Portugal.

         We cannot assure that our domestic or foreign  marketing  partners will
be able to  successfully  distribute  our  products,  or that we will be able to
establish  future  marketing  or third party  distribution  agreements  on terms
acceptable to us, or that the cost of establishing  these  arrangements will not
exceed any product  revenues.  The failure to continue these  arrangements or to
achieve other such  arrangements on  satisfactory  terms could have a materially
adverse effect on us.

There are no long-term  agreements with suppliers of required  materials.  If we
are unable to obtain the  required  raw  materials,  we may be required to scale
back our operations or stop manufacturing ALFERON N Injection.

         A number of essential materials are used in the production of ALFERON N
Injection(R),  including  human  white  blood  cells.  We do not have  long-term
agreements for the supply of any of such materials. There can be no assurance we
can enter into  long-term  supply  agreements  covering  essential  materials on
commercially  reasonable  terms,  if at all.  If we are  unable  to  obtain  the
required raw materials,  we may be required to scale back our operations or stop
manufacturing ALFERON N Injection(R). The costs and availability of products and
materials we need for the commercial  production of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  and
other  products  which we may  commercially  produce are subject to  fluctuation
depending  on a variety of factors  beyond our  control,  including  competitive
factors,  changes in technology,  and FDA and other governmental regulations and
there can be no  assurance  that we will be able to  obtain  such  products  and
materials on terms acceptable to us or at all.
<PAGE> 31
There is no assurance that  successful  manufacture of a drug on a limited scale
basis  for  investigational  use  will  lead  to  a  successful   transition  to
commercial, large-scale production.

         Small  changes  in  methods of  manufacturing  may affect the  chemical
structure  of  Ampligen(R)  and other RNA  drugs,  as well as their  safety  and
efficacy.  Changes in methods of manufacture,  including commercial scale-up may
affect the  chemical  structure  of  Ampligen(R)  and can,  among other  things,
require new clinical studies and affect orphan drug status, particularly, market
exclusivity  rights,  if any,  under the Orphan Drug Act.  The  transition  from
limited   production  of  pre-clinical  and  clinical  research   quantities  to
production  of  commercial  quantities  of our products  will  involve  distinct
management and technical  challenges and will require additional  management and
technical  personnel and capital to the extent such manufacturing is not handled
by third  parties.  There can be no  assurance  that our  manufacturing  will be
successful  or that  any  given  product  will  be  determined  to be  safe  and
effective,  capable of being manufactured  economically in commercial quantities
or successfully marketed.

We have limited manufacturing experience and capacity.

         Ampligen(R) is currently produced only in limited quantities for use in
our clinical  trials and we are dependent upon certain third party suppliers for
key  components  of our products  and for  substantially  all of the  production
process.  The failure to continue  these  arrangements  or to achieve other such
arrangements on satisfactory  terms could have a material  adverse affect on us.
Also,  to be  successful,  our  products  must  be  manufactured  in  commercial
quantities in compliance with regulatory  requirements and at acceptable  costs.
To the extent we are involved in the production process,  our current facilities
are not adequate for the  production  of our proposed  products for  large-scale
commercialization,  and we currently do not have  adequate  personnel to conduct
commercial-scale  manufacturing.  We intend to utilize third-party facilities if
and when the need  arises  or, if we are  unable  to do so, to build or  acquire
commercial-scale   manufacturing   facilities.  We  will  need  to  comply  with
regulatory requirements for such facilities,  including those of the FDA and HPB
pertaining to current Good Manufacturing  Practices ("cGMP") regulations.  There
can be no assurance  that such  facilities  can be used,  built,  or acquired on
commercially  acceptable  terms,  or that such  facilities,  if used,  built, or
acquired, will be adequate for our long-term needs.

         The purified drug concentrate  utilized in the formulation of ALFERON N
Injection(R)  is  manufactured  in ISI's facility and ALFERON N Injection(R)  is
formulated and packaged at a production facility operated by Abbott Laboratories
located in Kansas. If and when we close on the second ISI asset acquisition,  we
will acquire their New Brunswick,  NJ facility.  We still will be dependent upon
Abbott  Laboratories  and/or  another  third party for product  formulation  and
packaging.
<PAGE> 32
We may not be profitable unless we can produce  Ampligen(R) or other products in
commercial quantities at costs acceptable to us.

         We have  never  produced  Ampligen(R)  or any other  products  in large
commercial  quantities.  Ampligen(R)  is currently  produced for use in clinical
trials.   We  must  manufacture  our  products  in  compliance  with  regulatory
requirements in large commercial quantities and at acceptable costs in order for
us to be  profitable.  We intend to  utilize  third-party  manufacturers  and/or
facilities  if and when the need  arises or, if we are unable to do so, to build
or acquire commercial-scale  manufacturing  facilities. If we cannot manufacture
commercial  quantities of Ampligen(R)  or enter into third party  agreements for
its manufacture at costs  acceptable to us, our operations will be significantly
affected. Also, each production lots of Alferon N Injection(R) is subject to FDA
review and  approval  prior to  releasing  the lots to be sold.  This review and
approval  process  could take  considerable  time,  which would delay our having
product in  inventory  to sell.  Alferon N  Injection(R)  has a shelf life of 18
months after having been bottled.


Rapid technological change may render our products obsolete or non-competitive.

         The  pharmaceutical  and biotechnology  industries are subject to rapid
and   substantial   technological   change.   Technological   competition   from
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities,  governmental entities
and others  diversifying  into the field is intense and is expected to increase.
Most of these  entities  have  significantly  greater  research and  development
capabilities than us, as well as substantial marketing, financial and managerial
resources,  and  represent  significant  competition  for  us.  There  can be no
assurance  that   developments  by  others  will  not  render  our  products  or
technologies  obsolete  or  noncompetitive  or that we will be able to keep pace
with technological developments.

Our products may be subject to substantial competition.

         Ampligen(R) . Competitors may be developing  technologies  that are, or
in the  future  may be,  the  basis  for  competitive  products.  Some of  these
potential  products  may  have  an  entirely  different  approach  or  means  of
accomplishing  similar  therapeutic  effects to products being  developed by us.
These  competing  products  may be more  effective  and  less  costly  than  our
products.  In  addition,  conventional  drug  therapy,  surgery  and other  more
familiar treatments may offer competition to our products.  Furthermore, many of
our competitors have  significantly  greater  experience than us in pre-clinical
testing and human clinical  trials of  pharmaceutical  products and in obtaining
FDA,  HPB  and  other  regulatory  approvals  of  products.   Accordingly,   our
competitors  may  succeed in  obtaining  FDA,  HPB or other  regulatory  product
approvals more rapidly than us. There are no drugs approved for commercial  sale
with respect to treating ME/CFS in the United States.  The dominant  competitors
with  drugs  to  treat  HIV  diseases  include  Gilead  Pharmaceutical,  Pfizer,
Bristol-Myers,  Abbott Labs, Glaxo Smithkline,  Merck and Schering-Plough  Corp.
These potential  competitors are among the largest  pharmaceutical  companies in
the world,  are well known to the public  and the  medical  community,  and have
substantially   greater   financial   resources,    product   development,   and
manufacturing and marketing  capabilities than we have.  Although we believe our
principal  advantage  is the unique  mechanism of action of  Ampligen(R)  on the
immune system, we cannot assure that we will be able to compete.
<PAGE> 33
         ALFERON  N  Injection(R).  Many  potential  competitors  are  among the
largest pharmaceutical  companies in the world, are well known to the public and
the medical  community,  and have  substantially  greater  financial  resources,
product development,  and manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have.
ALFERON N Injection(R) currently competes with Schering's injectable recombinant
alpha  interferon  product  (INTRON(R) A) for the treatment of genital warts. 3M
Pharmaceuticals  also  received FDA approval for its  immune-response  modifier,
Aldara(R),  a  self-administered  topical  cream,  for the treatment of external
genital and perianal warts.  ALFERON N Injection(R) also competes with surgical,
chemical,  and other  methods of treating  genital  warts.  We cannot assess the
impact products  developed by our  competitors,  or advances in other methods of
the treatment of genital warts, will have on the commercial viability of ALFERON
N  Injection(R).  If and when we  obtain  additional  approvals  of uses of this
product, we expect to compete primarily on the basis of product performance. Our
potential  competitors have developed or may develop products (containing either
alpha or beta  interferon or other  therapeutic  compounds)  or other  treatment
modalities for those uses. In the United States, three recombinant forms of beta
interferon have been approved for the treatment of relapsing-remitting  multiple
sclerosis.  There can be no assurance that, if we are able to obtain  regulatory
approval of ALFERON N Injection(R) for the treatment of new indications, we will
be able to achieve any significant  penetration into those markets. In addition,
because  certain  competitive  products  are not  dependent on a source of human
blood cells, such products may be able to be produced in greater volume and at a
lower cost than ALFERON N Injection(R).  Currently, our wholesale price on a per
unit  basis of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  is higher  than that of the  competitive
recombinant alpha and beta interferon products.

         General.  Other  companies may succeed in developing  products  earlier
than we do, obtaining approvals for such products from the FDA more rapidly than
we do, or developing products that are more effective than those we may develop.
While we will  attempt  to expand  our  technological  capabilities  in order to
remain  competitive,  there can be no assurance that research and development by
others or other  medical  advances  will not render our  technology  or products
obsolete or  non-competitive  or result in treatments  or cures  superior to any
therapy we develop.

Possible  side effects  from the use of  Ampligen(R)  or ALFERON N  Injection(R)
could adversely affect potential revenues and physician/patient acceptability of
our product.

          Ampligen(R).  We believe  that  Ampligen(R)  has been  generally  well
tolerated  with a low  incidence of clinical  toxicity,  particularly  given the
severely  debilitating or life  threatening  diseases that have been treated.  A
mild  flushing  reaction  has been  observed  in  approximately  15% of patients
treated in our various studies.  This reaction is occasionally  accompanied by a
rapid heart beat,  a tightness of the chest,  urticaria  (swelling of the skin),
anxiety,  shortness of breath, subjective reports of "feeling hot," sweating and
nausea.  The  reaction is usually  infusion-rate  related and can  generally  be
controlled  by slowing the infusion  rate.  Other  adverse side effects  include
liver enzyme level elevations,  diarrhea,  itching,  asthma, low blood pressure,
photophobia, rash, transient visual disturbances,  slow or irregular heart rate,
decreases  in  platelets  and  white  blood  cell  counts,  anemia,   dizziness,
confusion,  elevation of kidney function tests,  occasional  temporary hair loss
and various flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills, fatigue, muscular aches,
joint  pains,  headaches,  nausea and  vomiting.  These  flu-like  side  effects
typically  subside  within  several  months.  One or more of the potential  side
effects might deter usage of  Ampligen(R)  in certain  clinical  situations  and
therefore,  could  adversely  affect  potential  revenues and  physician/patient
acceptability of our product.
<PAGE> 34
         ALFERON N  Injection(R).  At present,  ALFERON N  Injection(R)  is only
approved for the  intralesional  (within the lesion)  treatment of refractory or
recurring external genital warts in adults. In clinical trials conducted for the
treatment  of  genital  warts  with  ALFERON N  Injection(R),  patients  did not
experience  serious  side  effects;  however,  there  can be no  assurance  that
unexpected or unacceptable side effects will not be found in the future for this
use or other  potential uses of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  which could threaten or
limit such product's usefulness.

We may be subject to product  liability  claims from the use of  Ampligen(R)  or
other of our products which could negatively affect our future operations.

         We face an inherent  business  risk of  exposure  to product  liability
claims in the event that the use of Ampligen(R) or other of our products results
in adverse  effects.  This  liability  might result from claims made directly by
patients,  hospitals, clinics or other consumers, or by pharmaceutical companies
or others  manufacturing these products on our behalf. Our future operations may
be negatively  affected from the litigation costs,  settlement expenses and lost
product  sales  inherent to these  claims.  While we will continue to attempt to
take appropriate  precautions,  we cannot assure that we will avoid  significant
product  liability  exposure.  Although we currently  maintain product liability
insurance  coverage,  there can be no assurance that this insurance will provide
adequate  coverage  against  product  liability  claims.  A  successful  product
liability claim against us in excess of our $1,000,000 in insurance  coverage or
for which coverage is not provided could have a negative  effect on our business
and financial condition.

The loss of Dr. William A. Carter's services could hurt our chances for success.

         Our success is dependent  on the  continued  efforts of Dr.  William A.
Carter  because of his position as a pioneer in the field of nucleic acid drugs,
his being the  co-inventor  of  Ampligen(R),  and his  knowledge  of our overall
activities,  including  patents and clinical  trials.  The loss of Dr.  Carter's
services could have a material  adverse effect on our operations and chances for
success.  We have secured key man life  insurance in the amount of $2 million on
the life of Dr. Carter and we have an employment agreement with Dr. Carter that,
as  amended,  runs  until May 8,  2008.  However,  Dr.  Carter  has the right to
terminate his employment  upon not less than 30 days prior written  notice.  The
loss of Dr.  Carter or other  personnel,  or the  failure to recruit  additional
personnel  as needed could have a  materially  adverse  effect on our ability to
achieve our objectives.

Uncertainty of health care reimbursement for our products.

         Our ability to successfully  commercialize our products will depend, in
part,  on the extent to which  reimbursement  for the cost of such  products and
related  treatment  will be  available  from  government  health  administration
authorities,   private  health  coverage   insurers  and  other   organizations.
Significant  uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved
health care products,  and from time to time legislation is proposed,  which, if
adopted,   could  further   restrict  the  prices   charged  by  and/or  amounts
reimbursable to  manufacturers  of  pharmaceutical  products.  We cannot predict
what,  if any,  legislation  will  ultimately  be  adopted or the impact of such
legislation  on us.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  third  party  insurance
<PAGE> 35
companies will allow us to charge and receive  payments for products  sufficient
to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development.

There are  risks of  liabilities  associated  with  handling  and  disposing  of
hazardous materials.

         Our  business  involves  the  controlled  use of  hazardous  materials,
carcinogenic  chemicals and various radioactive  compounds.  Although we believe
that our safety  procedures for handling and disposing of such materials  comply
in  all  material   respects  with  the   standards   prescribed  by  applicable
regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials
cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of such an accident or the failure
to comply with applicable  regulations,  we could be held liable for any damages
that result,  and any such liability  could be  significant.  We do not maintain
insurance coverage against such liabilities.

The market price of our stock may be adversely affected by market volatility.

         The  market  price of our  common  stock  has been and is  likely to be
  volatile.  In addition to general economic,  political and market  conditions,
  the price and trading volume of our stock could  fluctuate  widely in response
  to many factors, including:

o announcements of the results of clinical trials by us or our competitors;
o adverse reactions to products;
o governmental  approvals,  delays in expected governmental  approvals or
  withdrawals of any prior governmental approvals or public or regulatory
  agency concerns regarding the safety or effectiveness of our products;
o changes in U.S. or foreign regulatory policy during the period of product
development;
o developments  in patent or other  proprietary  rights,  including  any third
party  challenges  of our  intellectual  property rights;
o announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors;
o announcements of new products or new contracts by us or our competitors;
o actual or anticipated  variations in our operating results due to the level of
development  expenses and other  factors;
o changes in  financial  estimates by
securities  analysts and whether our earnings  meet or exceed the  estimates;
o conditions  and  trends  in  the  pharmaceutical  and  other  industries;
o new accounting  standards;  and
o the  occurrence  of any of the risks  described in these "Risk Factors."

         Our  common  stock  is  listed  for  quotation  on the  American  Stock
Exchange.  For the  12-month  period ended  December 31, 2003,  the price of our
common  stock has ranged from $1.33 to $2.96.  We expect the price of our common
stock to remain  volatile.  The average daily trading volume of our common stock
varies  significantly.  Our relatively low average volume and low average number
of transactions per day may affect the ability of our stockholders to sell their
shares in the public  market at  prevailing  prices and a more active market may
never develop.

         In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of the
securities of companies in our industry,  securities class action litigation has
often been instituted  against companies in our industry.  If we face securities
litigation in the future, even if without merit or unsuccessful, it would result
<PAGE> 36
in  substantial  costs and a diversion of management  attention  and  resources,
which would negatively impact our business.

Our stock price may be adversely  affected if a significant amount of shares are
sold in the public market.

         As of February 10,  2004,  approximately  556,523  shares of our common
stock  constituted  "restricted  securities"  as  defined  in Rule 144 under the
Securities Act of 1933.  Substantially  all of these shares have been or will be
registered pursuant to agreements between us and the holders of these shares. In
addition,  we have registered  10,160,362 shares issuable (i) upon conversion of
approximately  135% of the January 2004  Debentures,  October  Debentures,  July
Debentures and the January 2004 Debentures (issuable upon exercise of Additional
Investment Rights issued in conjunction with the January 2004 Debentures);  (ii)
as payment of 135% of the interest on all of the Debentures; (iii) upon exercise
of 135% of the 2009 Warrants, October 2008 Warrants, July 2008 Warrants and June
2008  Warrants;  (iv) upon exercise of certain other  warrants and stock options
and (v) shares issued to certain  suppliers.  Registration of the shares permits
the  sale  of  the  shares  in  the  open  market  or  in  privately  negotiated
transactions without compliance with the requirements of Rule 144. To the extent
the  exercise  price of the warrants is less than the market price of the common
stock,  the holders of the  warrants  are likely to  exercise  them and sell the
underlying  shares of common stock and to the extent that the  conversion  price
and exercise price of these  securities are adjusted  pursuant to  anti-dilution
protection,  the securities  could be  exercisable or convertible  for even more
shares of common  stock.  Moreover,  we  anticipate  that we will be issuing and
registering for public resale 487,028 shares if and when we close the second ISI
asset  acquisition.  We also may  issue  shares  to be used to meet our  capital
requirements  or  use  shares  to  compensate   employees,   consultants  and/or
directors.  We are unable to  estimate  the  amount,  timing or nature of future
sales of outstanding  common stock.  Sales of substantial  amounts of our common
stock in the public  market could cause the market price for our common stock to
decrease.  Furthermore,  a decline in the price of our common stock would likely
impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of
common stock or other equity securities.

Provisions of our  Certificate of  Incorporation  and Delaware law could defer a
change of our management which could discourage or delay offers to acquire us.

         Provisions of our  Certificate  of  Incorporation  and Delaware law may
make  it  more  difficult  for  someone  to  acquire  control  of us or for  our
stockholders to remove existing  management,  and might discourage a third party
from offering to acquire us, even if a change in control or in management  would
be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, our Certificate of Incorporation
allows us to issue shares of preferred  stock without any vote or further action
by our  stockholders.  Our  Board  of  Directors  has the  authority  to fix and
determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred  stock.  Our Board of
Directors  also has the  authority  to issue  preferred  stock  without  further
stockholder  approval.  As a result,  our Board of Directors could authorize the
issuance  of a series  of  preferred  stock  that  would  grant to  holders  the
preferred right to our assets upon  liquidation,  the right to receive  dividend
payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the
right to the  redemption of the shares,  together  with a premium,  prior to the
redemption of our common stock. In this regard,  in November,  2002 we adopted a
shareholder  rights plan and, under the Plan, our Board of Directors  declared a
dividend distribution of one Right for each outstanding share of Common Stock to
stockholders of record at the close of business on November 29, 2002. Each Right
<PAGE> 37
initially  entitles  holders to buy one unit of preferred stock for $30.00.  The
Rights generally are not  transferable  apart from the common stock and will not
be exercisable unless and until a person or group acquires or commences a tender
or exchange offer to acquire,  beneficial ownership of 15% or more of our common
stock.  However,  for Dr.  Carter,  our chief  executive  officer,  who  already
beneficially  owns 12.8% of our common stock,  the Plan's threshold will be 20%,
instead of 15%. The Rights will expire on November 19, 2012, and may be redeemed
prior thereto at $.01 per Right under certain circumstances.

         Because the risk factors  referred to above could cause actual  results
or outcomes to differ  materially  from those  expressed in any  forward-looking
statements  made  by us,  you  should  not  place  undue  reliance  on any  such
forward-looking  statements.  Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only
as of the date on which it is made and we undertake no  obligation to update any
forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the  date on  which  such  statement  is  made  or  reflect  the  occurrence  of
unanticipated  events.  New  factors  emerge  from  time to time,  and it is not
possible for us to predict which will arise.  In addition,  we cannot assess the
impact of each  factor on our  business  or the extent to which any  factor,  or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any  forward-looking  statements.  Our research in clinical efforts
may continue for the next several  years and we may continue to incur losses due
to clinical  costs incurred in the  development  of  Ampligen(R)  for commercial
application.  Possible  losses may fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result
of  differences in the timing of  significant  expenses  incurred and receipt of
licensing fees and/or cost recovery treatment revenues in Europe,  Canada and in
the United States.


ITEM 2.  Properties.

         We currently  lease and occupy a total of  approximately  18,850 square
feet of  laboratory  and office  space in two states  and some  office  space in
Paris,  France.  Our  headquarters  is  located  in  Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania
consisting  of a suite of offices of  approximately  15,000 square feet. We also
lease space of  approximately  3,850  square  feet in  Rockville,  Maryland  for
research and development, our pharmacy, packaging, quality assurance and quality
control  laboratories,  as well as additional office space.  Approximately 2,000
square feet are  dedicated to the  pharmacy,  packaging,  quality  assurance and
control  functions.  We  believe  that our  Rockville  facilities  will meet our
requirements,  for planned clinical trials and treatment  protocols through 2004
and  possibly  longer  after  which time we may need to increase  our  Rockville
facilities   either   through   third   parties  or  by  building  or  acquiring
commercial-scale facilities.

         We currently  occupy and use the New Brunswick,  New Jersey  laboratory
and production  facility owned by ISI. We are in the process of acquiring  title
to these facilities pursuant to our second asset acquisition agreement with ISI.
These assets  consist of two buildings  located on 2.8 acres.  One building is a
two story  facility  consisting of a total of 31,300 square feet.  This facility
has offices,  laboratories  and  production  space,  and shipping and  receiving
areas.  Building Two has 11,670 square feet consisting of offices,  laboratories
and  warehouse  space.  The property  has parking  space for  approximately  100
vehicles.

         We also  have a 24.9%  interest  in  Ribotech,  Ltd.  located  in South
Africa.  Ribotech  was  established  by  Bioclones  to  develop  and  operate  a
manufacturing  facility.  Manufacturing at the pilot facility commenced in 1996.
We expect that Ribotech will start  construction on a new commercial  production
facility in the future, although no assurance can be given that this will occur.
<PAGE> 38
We have no obligation to fund this construction.  Our interest in Ribotech, is a
result of the marketing and manufacturing  agreement  executed with Bioclones in
1994.


ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings.

         On September 30, 1998, we filed a multi-count  complaint against Manuel
P. Asensio,  Asensio & Company, Inc. ("Asensio").  The action included claims of
defamation,  disparagement,  tortuous interference with existing and prospective
business relations and conspiracy, arising out of Asensio's false and defamatory
statements. The complaint further alleged that Asensio defamed and disparaged us
in furtherance of a manipulative, deceptive and unlawful short-selling scheme in
August and September,  1998. In 1999,  Asensio filed an answer and  counterclaim
alleging  that in response to  Asensio's  strong sell  recommendation  and other
press  releases,  we made  defamatory  statements  about Asensio.  We denied the
material  allegations of the counterclaim.  In July 2000, following dismissal in
federal court for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, we transferred the action
to the Pennsylvania State Court. In March 2001, the defendants  responded to the
complaints as amended and a trial  commenced on January 30, 2002. A jury verdict
disallowed the claims  against the  defendants for defamation and  disparagement
and the court granted us a directed verdict on the counterclaim. On July 2, 2002
the  Court  entered  an  order  granting  us a new  trial  against  Asensio  for
defamation and disparagement. Thereafter, Asensio appealed the granting of a new
trial. This appeal is now pending in the Superior Court of Pennsylvania.

         In June 2002, a former  ME/CFS  clinical  trial patient and her husband
filed a claim in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Middlesex County, against us,
one of our clinical trial  investigators and others alleging that she was harmed
in the ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach of warranties.
We believe the claim is without  merit and we are defending the claim against us
through our product liability insurance carrier.

         In June 2002, a former ME/CFS clinical trial patient in Belgium filed a
claim in  Belgium,  against  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  NV/SA,  our Belgian
subsidiary,  and one of our clinical trial  investigators  alleging that she was
harmed in the Belgium ME/CFS clinical trial as a result of negligence and breach
of  warranties.  We believe the claim is without  merit and we are defending the
claim against us through our product liability insurance carrier.


         On September 16, 2003, we filed and  subsequently  served and moved for
expedited  proceedings  on, a  complaint  filed in the Court Of  Chancery of the
State of Delaware,  New Castle County, against ISI. The Complaint seeks specific
performance,  and  declaratory  and  injunctive  relief related to the first and
second asset acquisition agreements with ISI.  Specifically,  we allege that ISI
has delayed its  performance  pursuant to the agreements  and, as a result,  the
second  asset  purchase  did  not  close  within  180  days  of the  date of the
agreements.  Paragraph 7.7 of the second asset  purchase  agreement  states that
either party to the agreement may terminate the agreement if there is no closing
within 180 days of the date of the agreement.  We request that the Court require
ISI to  specifically  perform its  obligations  under the  agreement  or, in the
alternative,  that  paragraph  7.7 of the agreement be eliminated or reformed to
eliminate ISI's ability to terminate pursuant to that paragraph. We also request
that  ISI,  as a result  of its  conduct,  not be  permitted  to  terminate  the
agreements pursuant to paragraph 7.7 or due to the passage of time. At a hearing
held on September  29, 2003,  the Court set a trial of our case for January 6-7,
2004,  which was postponed  until March 4-5, 2004, and accepted the agreement of
<PAGE> 39
the parties pursuant to which the date on which ISI may exercise its termination
right is extended until no earlier than two weeks  following  trial. In response
to our complaint,  ISI has filed a motion to dismiss.  In February,  we notified
the  Court to remove  the trial  from the  docket  in light of the  pending  ISI
stockholder meeting to approve the transaction.

         On November 5, 2003 we purchased for the sum of $476,839 from M.D. Sass
Municipal  Finance  Partners  II, L.P.  ("SASS")  certain tax lien  certificates
evidencing  liens on the ISI  facility in New  Brunswick,  New  Jersey.  By this
purchase we also  succeeded to the position of SASS and became the  plaintiff in
the  Complaint For  Foreclosure  Of Tax Sale  Certificate(s)  now pending in the
Superior Court Of New Jersey Chancery  Division,  Middlesex  County,  Docket No.
F-11766-03.

ITEM 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

         No matters were submitted to a vote of the security  holders during the
last quarter of the year ended December 31, 2003.


PART II

ITEM 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.


         In 2003, we issued  6,756,942,  shares of common stock consisting of 1)
1,068,789 shares related to the ISI Asset  Acquisition,  2) 4,334,916 shares for
debt conversion and interest payments related to the 6% convertible  debentures,
3) 790,745 shares for exercise of warrants, 4)215,047 shares for payment of debt
and 5) 347,445 shares for conversion of minority interest of subsidiary.

         See  "RECENT  FINANCING  AND  ASSET  ACQUISITIONS"  above  in  Item  1.
Business, for information on our private issuance of securities.

         The foregoing  issuances of securities  were private  transactions  and
exempt  from  registration  under  section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act  and/or
regulation D rule 506  promulgated  under the Securities  Act. These  securities
have been or will be registered with the SEC.

         Since  October  1997 our common stock has been listed and traded on the
American Stock Exchange  ("AMEX") under the symbol HEB. The following table sets
forth the high and low list prices for our Common  Stock for the last two fiscal
years as reported by the AMEX. Such prices reflect inter-dealer prices,  without
retail markup, markdowns or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.
<PAGE> 40
COMMON STOCK                                High                    Low
                                            ----                    ---
Time Period:
January 1, 2002 through March 31, 2002     $5.75                   $3.01
April 1, 2002 through June 30, 2002         7.15                   3.96
July 1, 2002 through September 30, 2002     6.85                   3.89
October 1, 2002 through December 31, 2002   5.29                   3.41

Time Period:
January 1, 2003 through March 31, 2003      2.12                   1.41
April 1, 2003 through June 30, 2003         2.96                   1.33
July 1, 2003 through September 30, 2003     2.29                   1.85
October 1, 2003 through December 31, 2003   2.85                   1.88


         As of February 27, 2004 there were  approximately 258 holders of record
of our Common Stock.  This number was determined from records  maintained by the
Company's transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of the Company's
securities  whose  securities  are held in the names of various  dealers  and/or
clearing agencies.

         As of February  27,  2004,  the last sale price for our common stock on
the AMEX was $3.91 per share.

         We have not paid any dividends on our Common Stock in recent years.  It
is  management's  intention not to declare or pay dividends on our Common Stock,
but to retain earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of the Company's
business.

         The following table gives  information  about our Common Stock that may
be issued upon the  exercise of options,  warrants  and rights  under all of our
equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2003.



<PAGE> 41

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                           <C>                     <C>                       <C>


                                                                                            Number of securities
                                                                                            Remaining available for
                                                                                            future issuance under
                                            Number of Securities to  Weighted-average       equity compensation
                                            be issued upon exercise  Exercise price of      plans(excluding
                                            of outstanding options,  Outstanding            securities reflected in
                                            warrants and rights      options, warrants      column (a))
                                                                     and rights
                                                    ------                                  -----------




 Plan Category
 -------------

                                                 (a)                        (b)                    (c)


Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders:                              433,134                    $ 3.16                    -


Equity compensation plans not approved by         _                          _                      _
security holders:


Total                                          433,134                    $ 3.16                    -
</TABLE>


         In  September,  2003 our Board of  Directors  changed the  non-employee
Board  Member  compensation  to be 50% cash and 50%  stock.  The  Board's  stock
compensation is to be paid on the first day of each calendar quarter. The number
of shares paid shall have a value of $12,500  with the value of the shares being
determined  by the  closing  price of our  common  stock on the  American  Stock
Exchange on the last trading day of the preceding quarter. In no event shall the
number of shares issued under this plan exceed  1,000,000 shares over a ten year
period.

ITEM 6. Selected  Financial  Data (in  thousands  except for share and per share
data).
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                      <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>

Year Ended
December 31                            1999             2000              2001             2002            2003(2)
-----------                            ----             ----              ----             ----            -------
Statement of Operations
Data:
Revenues and License
fee Income                              $678             $788              $390             $904              $657
Total Costs and Expenses(1)           13,458            9,831            9,192             6,961             7,909
Interest Expense and Financing
Costs(3)                                 -                 -                -                 -              7,598
<PAGE> 42
Net loss                             (12,298)          (8,552)          (9,083)           (7,424)          (14,770)
Basic and diluted net loss per
share                                  (0.47)           (0.29)            (0.29)           (0.23)            (0.42)
Shares used in computing basic
and diluted net loss per share     26,380,351       29,251,846        31,433,208       32,085,776       35,234,526

Balance Sheet Data:
Working Capital                       $9,507            $7,550            $7,534          $2,925            $7,000
Total Assets                          14,168            13,067            12,035           6,040            13,404
Common Stockholders Equity            12,657            11,572            10,763           3,630             9,248
Other Cash Flow Data:

Cash used in operating
activities                           $(6,990)         $(8,074)          $(7,281)         $(6,409)          $(7,022)
Capital expenditures                    (251)            (171)              -                 -                (19)
</TABLE>

(1) General and  Administrative  expenses  include  stock  compensation  expense
totaling  $4,618,  $397, $673, $132, $237 for the years ended December 31, 1999,
2000, 2001, 2002, and 2003, respectively.

(2) For information  concerning recent acquisitions of certain assets of ISI and
related financing see notes 1, 4 and 7 to our consolidated  financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2003.

(3) In accounting  for the March 12, 2003,  July 10, 2003,  and October 29, 2003
issuances  of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  in the  principal  amounts  of
$5,426,000,  $5,426,000,  and  $4,142,357,  respectively,  and related  embedded
conversion  features  and warrant  issuances,  we  recorded  debt  discounts  of
approximately $11.3 million which, in effect,  reduced the carrying value of the
debt to $1.6 million. Excluding the application of related accounting standards,
our debt outstanding as of December 31, 2003 totaled approximately $6.6 million.
Through  December 31,  2003,  we have  recorded  charges of  approximately  $7.3
million for  amortization  of original  issue  discount  and other  related debt
costs.  Such amounts have been reflected as financing  costs in the statement of
operations.  For  additional  information  refer  to note 7 to our  consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2003.

ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.

         The  following  discussion  and  analysis  is related to our  financial
condition and results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2003.
This information should be read in conjunction with Item 6 - "Selected Financial
<PAGE> 43
Data" and our  consolidated  financial  statements  and  related  notes  thereto
beginning on F-1 of this Form 10-K.

Statement of Forward-Looking Information

         Certain statements in the section are "forward-looking statements". You
should  read the  information  before  Part I above,  "Special  Note"  Regarding
Forward-Looking  Statements"  for more  information  about our  presentation  of
information.

Background

         We have reported net income only from 1985 through 1987. Since 1987, we
have incurred,  as expected,  substantial operating losses due to our conducting
clinical testing.

         We have established a strong  foundation of laboratory and pre-clinical
data with  respect to the  development  of nucleic  acid to enhance  the natural
antiviral  defense  system  of  the  human  body  and  the  development  of  the
therapeutic  products for the treatment of chronic  disease.  Our strategy is to
obtain  the  required  regulatory  approval  which  will  allow the  progressive
introduction  of  Ampligen(R)  (our  proprietary   drug)  for  treating  Myalgic
Encephalomyelitis  Chronic  Syndrome  (ME/CFS"),  HIV,  hepatitis  C ("HCV") and
hepatitis B ("HBV") in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Japan. In February, 2004, we
completed the  double-blind  segment of the AMP 516 Phase III clinical trial for
use of Ampligen(R) in treating ME/CFS. The 14 remaining patients are enrolled in
the open label  portion of the trial and should  complete  this segment by June,
2004.  With the  conclusion  of the  double-blind  segment we can finalize  data
collection  and start date  analysis in  anticipation  of preparing  the NDA for
submission to the FDA.  Ampligen(R) is also in Phase IIb Clinical  trials in the
U.S. for the treatment of newly emerged  multi-drug  resistant  HIV, and for the
induction of Cell mediated immunity in HIV patients that are under control using
potentially toxic drug cocktail.

         Our  proprietary  drug  technology  utilizes  specifically   configured
ribonucleic acid ("RNA") and is protected by more than 350 patents  worldwide as
well as over 80  additional  patent  applications  pending  to  provide  further
proprietary protection in various international  markets.  Certain patents apply
to  the  use of  Ampligen(R)  alone  and  certain  patent  apply  to the  use of
Ampligen(R) in combination with certain other drugs.  Some composition of matter
patents  pertain  to other new  medication,  which have a similar  mechanism  of
action.

         In March,  2003,  we  acquired  from ISI,  all of ISI's raw  materials,
work-in-progress and finished product of Alferon N Injection(R), together with a
limited license for the production,  manufacture, use, marketing and sale of the
product.  Alferon N  Injection(R)  [interferon  alfa- n3 (human  derived)]  is a
natural  alpha  interferon  that has  been  approved  by the U.S.  Food and Drug
Administration ("FDA") for commercial sale for the treatment of certain types of
genital  warts.  We intend to market this  product in the United  State  through
sales facilitated via third party marketing agreements.  Additionally, we intend
to implement  studies,  beyond those conducted by ISI, for testing the potential
treatment  of  HIV,  Hepatitis  C  and  other  indications,  including  multiple
sclerosis.

     We were incorporated in Maryland in 1996 under the name HEM research, Inc.,
and originally served as a supplier of research support  products.  Our business
was  redirected  in  the  early  1980's  to  the  development  of  nucleic  acid
pharmaceutical  technology  and  the  commercialization  of RNA  drugs.  We were
<PAGE> 44
reincorporated in Delaware and changed our name to Hem  Pharmaceutical  Corp. in
1991 and to Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.,  in June 1995. We have three  domestic
subsidiaries BioPro Corp., BioAegean Corp., and Core BioTech Corp., all of which
are  incorporated  in  Delaware.  Our foreign  subsidiaries  include  Hemispherx
Biopharma  Europe  N.V./S.A.  established  in  Belgium  in 1998  and  Hemispherx
Biopharma Europe S.A. incorporated in Luxembourg in 2002.

Result of Operations


Years Ended December 31, 2003 vs. 2002

         During the year ended December 31, 2003, we 1) acquired  certain assets
and patent rights to ALFERON N Injection(R), 2) privately placed the March 2005,
the July 2005,  and October 2005, 6%  convertible  debentures  with an aggregate
maturity value of $14,994,357 (gross proceeds of $12,850,000),  3) continued our
efforts to develop  Ampligen(R)  for the  treatment of patients  afflicted  with
ME/CFS and HIV,  4)  activated  the ISI New  Brunswick  production  facility  to
process  doses of Alferon N and 5) produced  some 21,000  doses of Alferon N for
sale in 2003.

Net loss

         Our net loss was approximately  $14,770,000 for the year ended December
31, 2003  versus a net loss of  $7,424,000  in 2002.  Per share loss in 2003 was
$0.42 cents versus a per share loss of $0.23 in 2002. This year-to-year increase
in  losses  of  $7,346,000  is  primarily  due to  non-cash  financing  costs of
$7,345,000  relating  to  our  March  2005,  July  2005,  and  October  2005  6%
convertible debentures. These non-cash charges account for 48% of our net losses
for the year ended December 31, 2003. In addition, our losses during this period
include  $957,000 in operating  expenses  relating to our new Alferon  division.
Solely for comparison purposes, excluding our 2003 losses for these two factors,
our losses were $6,775,000 in 2003 compared to $7,424,000 in 2002 or a reduction
totaling  $649,000.  This  was  primarily  due to a  decrease  in  research  and
development  direct costs of $1,800,000 in 2003 due to reduced costs  associated
with the development of Ampligen(R) to treat ME/CFS  patients.  During 2002, our
AMP 516 ME/CFS Phase III clinical  trial was in full force and effect  therefore
increasing our  manufacturing  and clinical  support expenses during that period
(See "Research and Development Costs" below). This was offset by the recovery of
certain  legal  expenses  in 2002 of  approximately  $1,050,000  related  to the
Asensio lawsuit and trial from our insurance  carrier.  This recovery produced a
one-time  reduction in G&A Expenses  for 2002 (See  "General and  Administrative
Expenses" below).

Revenues

         Our revenues  were $657,000 in 2003 compared to revenues of $904,000 in
2002.  Our 2002  revenues  included a  licensing  fee  payment of  approximately
$563,000 which was not repeated in 2003.

         Revenues from our ME/CFS cost recovery treatment  programs  principally
underway in the U.S., Canada and Europe were $148,000 in 2003 versus $341,000 in
2002.  These clinical  programs allow us to provide  Ampligen(R)  therapy at our
cost to severely  debilitated  ME/CFS patients.  Under this program the patients
pay for the cost of Ampligen(R) doses infused.  These costs total  approximately
$7,200 for a 24 weeks treatment program. In addition,  since the March 11, 2003,
acquisition  of  inventory  from ISI,  revenues  from sales of ALFERON N totaled
$509,000.  Sales of Alferon N are  anticipated  to increase as we are  producing
more product and our marketing/sales programs are underway.
<PAGE> 45
         Revenues  from  the  cost  recovery  treatment  programs  in 2002  were
$341,000 or 57% higher than 2003 revenues.  We expected  revenues in the U.S. to
decline due to our efforts to complete  the AMP 516 ME/CFS  Phase III trials and
the focus of our  clinical  resources on the start up of the AMP 719 and AMP 720
HIV clinical  trials.  The clinical data collected from treating  patients under
the cost recovery  treatment  programs will augment and  supplement the clinical
data collected in the U.S. AMP 516 Phase III ME/CFS trial.

         In 2002, We received a licensing fee of 625,000 Euros  ($563,000)  from
Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve S.A. ("Esteve") pursuant to a sales and distribution
agreement in which Esteve was granted the exclusive right to market  Ampligen(R)
in Spain,  Portugal and Andorra for the  treatment of ME/CFS in turn we provided
to Esteve technical scientific and commercial  information.  The agreement terms
require no additional performance by us.

         Since  acquiring the right to manufacture and market Alferon N in March
2003, we have focused on converting the work-in-progress inventory into finished
goods. This  work-in-progress  inventory included three production lots totaling
the  equivalent of  approximately  55,000 vials (doses) at various stages of the
manufacturing  process.  In August 2003, we released the first lot of product to
Abbott  Laboratories  for bottling and realized  some 21,000 vials of ALFERON N.
Preliminary  work has  started on  completing  the  second lot of  approximately
16,000 vials. Our production and quality control  personnel in the New Brunswick
facility are involved in the extensive  process of manufacturing  and validation
required by the FDA.  Plans are  underway for  completing  the third lot of some
18,000 vials now in very early stages of production.

         Our marketing  and sales plan for ALFERON N consists of engaging  sales
force  contract   organizations  and  supplementing  their  sales  efforts  with
marketing support. This marketing support would consist of building awareness of
ALFERON N with physicians as a successful and effective  treatment of refractory
on recurring external genital warts in patients of age 18 or older and to assist
primary prescribers in expanding their practice.

         On August 18,  2003,  we entered into a sales and  marketing  agreement
with Engitech, LLC. to distribute ALFERON N on a nationwide basis. The agreement
stipulated that Engitech will deploy a sales force of 100 sales  representatives
within one year in the U.S. domestic market and further expand the sales team up
to 250 sales  representative  in the  second  year and after  that as many as it
takes to  continually  drive  market  share.  Engitech,  Inc.  is to develop and
implement  marketing  plans  including  extensive   scientific  and  educational
programs for use in marketing ALFERON N.

Production costs

         Production  costs were  $502,000 for the year ended  December 31, 2003.
These costs  reflect  approximately  $240,000 for the cost of sales of ALFERON N
Injection(R)  during the period of April 1, 2003 through  December 31, 2003.  In
addition,  we  recorded  $262,000  of  production  costs  at the  New  Brunswick
facility.  We ramped up the  facility  in April 2003 and started  production  on
three lots of Alferon N Injection(R)  work in process inventory of which one lot
was completed and is ready to be sold.

<PAGE> 46
Research and Development costs

         Our  overall  research  and  development  direct  costs  in  2003  were
$3,150,000  compared  to  research  and  development  direct  costs  in  2002 of
$4,946,000.  These costs primarily  reflect the direct costs associated with our
effort to  develop  our lead  product,  Ampligen(R),  as a therapy  in  treating
chronic  diseases and cancers.  At this time,  this effort  consists of on-going
clinical trials involving patients with HIV. Our research and development direct
costs are  $1,796,000  lower in 2003 due to reduced  costs  associated  with the
development of Ampligen(R)  to treat ME/CFS  patients.  During 2002, our AMP 516
ME/CFS  Phase III  clinical  trial  was in full  force  and  effect,  therefore,
increasing our manufacturing and clinical support expenses during that period.

         Our  strategy  is  to  develop  our  lead  compound,  the  experimental
immunotherapeutic  Ampligen(R),  to treat  chronic  diseases  for which there is
currently  no adequate  treatment  available.  We seek the  required  regulatory
approval,  which will allow the commercial  introduction  of Ampligen for ME/CFS
and HIV/AIDS in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Japan.

         We recently  completed the  double-blind  segment of our AMP 516 ME/CFS
Phase III  clinical  trial for use of  Ampligen(R)  in the  treatment of ME/CFS.
Ampligen is also  currently in two Phase IIb studies for the treatment of HIV to
overcome  multi-drug  resistance,  virus mutation and toxicity  associated  with
current HAART therapies. One study, the AMP-719, is a Salvage Therapy, conducted
in the U.S. and  evaluating  the potential  synergistic  efficacy of Ampligen in
multi-drug resistant HIV patients for immune enhancement.  The second study, the
AMP-720,  is a clinical  trial designed to evaluate the effect of Ampligen under
Strategic  Treatment  Intervention and is also conducted in the U.S. The AMP 719
study is presently on hold as we devote our efforts on the AMP 720 study.

AMP 516

         Over 230 patients  have  participated  in our ME/CFS Phase III clinical
trial.  Approximately  14 patients  are in the open label phase of the  clinical
process. We have completed the randomized placebo controlled phase of this study
and expect to complete data collection and start the data analysis  process with
the expectation of filing an NDA (New Drug  Application) with the FDA by the end
of 2004. As with any  experimental  drug being tested for use in treating  human
diseases,  the FDA must approve the testing and clinical  protocols employed and
must render  their  decision  based on the safety and efficacy of the drug being
tested.  Historically  this is a long and  costly  process.  Our  ME/CFS AMP 516
clinical  study is a Phase III study,  which based on  favorable  results,  will
serve as the basis for us to file a new drug  application  with the FDA. The FDA
review  process  could  take 18-24  months  and  result in one of the  following
events;  1) approval to market  Ampligen(R) for use in treating ME/CFS patients,
2) required more research, development, and clinical work, 3) approval to market
as well as conduct  more  testing,  or  4)reject  our  application.  Given these
variables,  we are unable to project when material net cash inflows are expected
to commence from the sale of Ampligen(R).

AMP 719 and AMP 720


         We  are   currently   focused   on   recruiting   additional   clinical
investigators and HIV patients to participate in the AMP 720 HIV clinical trial.
Our efforts to do this have been  somewhat  hampered in late 2003 as most of our
clinical  resources have been directed to completing the AMP 516 ME/CFS clinical
trial.  Now that the AMP 516 patients have completed the  randomized  segment of
the clinical  trial,  we expect to devote more resources  toward the AMP 720 HIV
clinical trial.
<PAGE> 47
Our AMP 719 HIV clinical trial has been put on hold at this time.

         In July 2003, Dr. Blick, a principal  investigator  in our HIV studies,
presented  updated results on our Amp 720 HIV study at the 2nd IAS CONFERENCE ON
HIV  PATHOGENESIS  AND TREATMENT in Paris France.  In this study using Strategic
Treatment Interruption (STI), patients' antiviral HAART regimens are interrupted
and  Ampligen(R)  is  substituted  as  mono-immunotherapy.   Ampligen(R)  is  an
experimental  immunotherapeutic  designed to display  both  antiviral  an immune
enhancing characteristics. Prolonged use of Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy
(HAART) has been associated with long-term,  potentially fatal, toxicities.  The
clinical  study AMP 720 is designed to address  these issues by  evaluating  the
administration of our lead experimental  agent,  Ampligen(R),  a double stranded
RNA drug acting potentially both as an immunomodulator and antiviral.  Patients,
who have  completed at least nine months of  Ampligen(R)  therapy,  were able to
stay off HAART for a total STI duration  with a mean time of 29.0 weeks  whereas
the control group,  which was also taken off HAART,  but not given  Ampligen(R),
had earlier HIV rebound with a mean  duration of 18.7 weeks.  Thus,  on average,
Ampligen(R)  therapy spared the patients  excessive  exposure to HAART, with its
inherent toxicities,  for more than 11 weeks. As more patients are enrolled, the
related clinical costs will continue to increase with some offset to our overall
expenses  due to the  diminishing  cost  of the  ME/CFS  clinical  trial.  It is
difficult  to estimate  the  duration or  projected  costs of these two clinical
trials  due to the  many  variables  involved,  i.e.:  patient  drop  out  rate,
recruitment  of clinical  investigators,  etc. The length of the study and costs
related to our clinical trials cannot be determined at this time as such will be
materially  influenced  by (a) the number of  clinical  investigators  needed to
recruit and treat the required  number of  patients,  (b) the rate of accrual of
patients and (c) the retention of patients in the studies and their adherence to
the  study  protocol  requirements.   Under  optimal  conditions,  the  cost  of
completing the studies could be approximately $2.0 to $3.0 million.  The rate of
enrollment  depends  on  patient  availability  and on other  products  being in
clinical  trials for the treatment of HIV, as there is competition  for the same
patient  population.  At  present,  more  than  18 FDA  approved  drugs  for HIV
treatment may compete for available  patients.  The length, and subsequently the
expense of these studies,  will also be determined by an analysis of the interim
data,  which  will  determine  when  completion  of  the  ongoing  Phase  IIb is
appropriate  and whether a Phase III trial be  conducted or not. In case a Phase
III study is required;  the FDA might require a patient population exceeding the
current one which will  influence  the cost and time of the trial.  Accordingly,
the number of "unknowns" is sufficiently  great to be unable to predict when, or
whether, we may obtain revenues from our HIV treatment indications.

General and Administrative Expenses

         General and Administrative  expenses ("G&A") were $4,257,000 during the
year ended December 31, 2003,  which includes  $957,000 of expenses  relating to
our new Alferon Division and $237,000 for a non cash stock compensation  charge.
Excluding  the  Alferon  expenses,  our G&A costs were  $3,300,000  compared  to
$2,015,000 of expenses in 2002.  This increase of $1,285,000 is primarily due to
the  recovery  of certain  legal  expenses in 2002 of  approximately  $1,050,000
related to the  Asensio  lawsuit  and trial  from our  insurance  carrier.  This
recovery  produced a one time  reduction  in G&A  Expenses  for 2002.  Also,  we
recorded non-cash stock compensation expenses of $237,000 in 2003 as compared to
$133,000 in 2002.


Equity Loss-Unconsolidated Affiliates

         In the year ended  December 31, 2002, we recorded a non-cash  charge of
<PAGE> 48
$1,470,000  to  operations  with respect to our  investments  in  unconsolidated
affiliates. $1,074,000 of these charges were related to our investment in R.E.D.
These charges were the result of our  determination  that R.E.D.'s  business and
financial  position had  deteriorated  to the point that our investment had been
permanently impaired.

         We also  recorded a non-cash  charge of  $292,000  with  respect to our
investment in Chronix Biomedical.  This impairment reduced our carrying value in
this investment to reflect a permanent  decline in Chronix's  market value based
on its then proposed investment offering.

         These  charges  are  reflected  in  the   Consolidated   Statements  of
Operations under the caption "Equity loss in unconsolidated  affiliate."  Please
see  "RESEARCH  AND  DEVELOPMENT/COLLABORATIVE  AGREEMENTS"  in Part 1 for  more
details on these transactions.

Other Income/Expense

         Interest and other income totaled  $80,000 in 2003 compared to $103,000
recorded in 2002.  Lower cash available for investment  basically  accounted for
the difference as interest  rates remained  relatively low in 2003. All funds in
excess of our immediate need are invested in short-term high quality securities.

Interest Expense and Financing Costs

Interest expense and financing costs were $7,598,000 in 2003. Non-cash financing
costs  consist of $581,000  for the  amortization  of debenture  closing  costs,
$1,066,000 for the  amortization  of Original Issue Discounts and $5,698,000 for
the amortization of costs associated with beneficial  conversion features of the
debentures and the fair value of the warrants relating to the January 2005, July
2005 and October 2005 6% convertible debentures.  These charges are reflected in
the Consolidated  Statements of Operations under the caption  "Financing Costs."
Please see Note 16 in the consolidated financial statements contained herein for
more details on these transactions.

Years Ended December 31, 2002 vs. 2001

Net loss

         Our net loss was  approximately  $7,424,000 for the year ended December
31, 2002  versus a net loss of  $9,083,000  in 2001.  Per share loss in 2002 was
$0.23  versus a per share loss of $0.29 in 2001.  This year to year  decrease in
losses of $1,659,000  was  primarily  due to higher  revenues and lower costs in
2002.  Revenues  were up  $514,000  in 2002  and  total  expenses  were  down by
$2,231,000  offset by a write down in the carrying  value of our  investments in
the amount of $1,366,000 for a net cost decrease of $865,000.

Revenues

         Our  revenues  came from our ME/CFS cost  recovery  treatment  programs
principally  underway in the U.S.,  Canada and Europe.  These clinical  programs
allow us to  provide  Ampligen(R)  therapy at our cost to  severely  debilitated
ME/CFS patients. Under this program the patients pay for the cost of Ampligen(R)
doses infused.  These costs total approximately  $7,200 for a 24 weeks treatment
program. Revenues from cost recovery treatment programs totaled some $341,000 in
2002. In 2001, these revenues were $390,000 or 14% higher than 2002 revenues. We
expected  revenues  in the U.S.  to  decline  due to the  focus of our  clinical
<PAGE> 49
resources on  conducting  and  completing  the AMP 516 ME/CFS Phase III clinical
trial as well as the  start up of the AMP 719 and AMP 720 HIV  clinical  trials.
The clinical  data  collected  from  treating  patients  under the cost recovery
treatment  programs will augment and  supplement  the data collected in the U.S.
Phase III ME/CFS trial.

          We received a licensing  fee of 625,000  Euros  (some  $563,000)  from
Esteve  pursuant  to a sales and  distribution  agreement  in which  Esteve  was
granted the exclusive right to market Ampligen(R) in Spain, Portugal and Andorra
for the treatment of ME/CFS in turn we provided to Esteve  technical  scientific
and  commercial   information.   The  agreement   terms  require  no  additional
performance by us. Our total revenues, including this licensing fee, in 2002 was
$904,000 compared to revenues of $390,000 in 2001.

Research and Development costs

         Our  strategy  is  to  develop  our  lead  compound,  the  experimental
immunotherapeutic  Ampligen(R),  to treat  chronic  diseases  for which there is
currently  no adequate  treatment  available.  We seek the  required  regulatory
approval,  which will allow the commercial  introduction  of Ampligen for ME/CFS
and HIV/AIDS in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Japan.

         At December 31, 2002, Ampligen was being tested in a Phase III clinical
trial, in the U.S., for use in treatment of ME/CFS, the so-called AMP-516 study.
It also was in two  Phase  IIb  studies  for the  treatment  of HIV to  overcome
multi-drug resistance, virus mutation and toxicity associated with current HAART
therapies.  One study, the AMP-719, is a Salvage Therapy,  conducted in the U.S.
and  evaluating  the  potential  synergistic  efficacy of Ampligen in multi-drug
resistant HIV patients for immune enhancement. The second study, the AMP-720, is
a clinical  trial  designed to evaluate the effect of Ampligen  under  Strategic
Treatment Intervention and is also conducted in the U.S.

AMP 516

         As of December,  2002,  the AMP 516 clinical  trial was fully  enrolled
with more than the targeted 230 patients in order to potentially  compensate for
"drop outs". The last patients completed the randomized segment of this clinical
trial in February, 2004. The next stage of the program is final data collection,
quality  assurance  of the data to insure its  accuracy and analysis of the data
according to regulatory guidelines to facilitate the New Drug Application (NDA),
expected  to be  filed  by the end of 2004.  The  date of  potential  commercial
approval  depends on whether we receive  Fast Track Status from the FDA. In case
of Fast Track the FDA approval time is maximum six months. If we are not granted
Fast  Track  Designation,  the  approval  time  can take  substantially  longer,
depending on the progress made by the FDA in review of the application.  The FDA
may deny full commercial approval to the drug at any time,  including after Fast
Track Status has been awarded.


         As with any  experimental  drug being tested for use in treating  human
diseases,  the FDA must approve the testing and clinical  protocols employed and
must render  their  decision  based on the safety and efficacy of the drug being
tested.  Historically  this is a long and  costly  process.  Our  ME/CFS AMP 516
clinical  study is a Phase III study,  which based on  favorable  results,  will
serve as the basis for us to file a new drug  application  with the FDA. The FDA
review  process  could  take 18-24  months  and  result in one of the  following
events;  1) approval to market  Ampligen(R) for use in treating ME/CFS patients,
<PAGE> 50
2) require more research,  development, and clinical work, 3) approval to market
as well as conduct  more  testing,  or 4) reject our  application.  Given  these
variables,  we are unable to project when material net cash inflows are expected
to commence from the sale of Ampligen(R).

AMP 719 and AMP 720

         As of December  2002,  approximately  55 patients had been  enrolled in
both studies  combined and they were being treated in approximately 10 different
active sites around the U.S.

         The length of the study and the costs related to these trials cannot be
determined at this time as it will be materially influenced by (a) the number of
clinical  investigators  needed to fulfill the required number of patients,  (b)
the rate of  accrual  of  patients  and (c) the  retention  of  patients  on the
protocol and their adherence to the protocol requirements.  See "AMP 719 and AMP
720" in "Result of Operations;  Years Ended December 31, 2003 vs. 2002; Research
and Development costs" above.

         Our  overall  research  and  development  direct  costs  in  2002  were
$4,946,000  compared  to  direct  research  and  development  costs  in  2001 of
$5,780,000 and $6,136,000 in 2000. We estimate that 80% of these expenditures to
be related to our ME/CFS  research  and  development  and 20% related to our HIV
studies.

General and Administrative Expenses

         Excluding  stock  compensation  expense,   general  and  administrative
expenses were  approximately  $1,882,000 in 2002 versus $2,741,000 in 2001. This
decease in expenses of $859,000 in 2002, is due to several factors including the
recovery of certain legal expenses of approximately  $1,050,000  relating to the
Asensio lawsuit from our insurance  carrier and lower overall legal expenses due
to less litigation, partially offset by higher Insurance premiums.

         Stock  compensation  expenses  was  $133,000  or  $538,000  lower  than
recorded  in the year 2001.  The  compensation  reflects  the  imputed  non-cash
expense  recorded to reflect the cost of warrants granted to outside parties for
services rendered to us.

Equity Loss-Unconsolidated Affiliates

         During the three months ended June 2002 and December  2002, we recorded
a non-cash  charge of $678,000 and $396,000  respectively,  to  operations  with
respect to our $1,074,000  investment in R.E.D. These charges were the result of
our determination that R.E.D.'s business and financial position had deteriorated
to the point  that our  investment  had been  permanently  impaired.  Please see
"RESEARCH AND  DEVELOPMENT/COLLABORATIVE  AGREEMENTS" in Part 1 for more details
on these transactions.

         In May 2000, we acquired an equity interest in Chronix Biomedical Corp.
("CHRONIX")  for  $700,000.  During the quarter  ended  December  31,  2002,  we
recorded a noncash charge of $292,000 with respect to our investment in Chronix.
This  impairment  reduces our carrying  value to reflect a permanent  decline in
Chronix's market value based on its then proposed equity  offerings.  Please see
"RESEARCH AND  DEVELOPMENT/COLLABORATIVE  AGREEMENTS" in Part 1 for more details
on these transactions.
<PAGE> 51
         In April,  1999 we  acquired a 30% equity  position  in the  California
Institute of Molecular Medicine ("CIMM") for $750,000. During the fourth quarter
of 2001 we recorded a non-cash charge of $485,000 with respect to our investment
in CIMM. This was a result of our determination  that CIMM's operations have not
yet evolved to the point where the full carrying value of our  investment  could
be supported based on that company's  financial  position and operating results.
This amount represented the unamortized  balance of goodwill included as part of
our  investment.  During  2002,  CIMM  continued  to suffer  significant  losses
resulting in a deterioration  of its financial  condition.  The $485,000 written
off during 2001  represented the  un-amortized  balance of goodwill  included as
part of our investment.  Additionally,  during 2001 we reduced our investment in
CIMM based on our percentage  interest in CIMM's continued operating losses. Our
remaining  investment at December 12, 2002 in CIMM,  representing a 30% interest
in CIMM's  equity at such date,  was  completely  written off during 2002.  Such
amount was not material.

         These  charges  are  reflected  in  the   Consolidated   Statements  of
Operations under the caption "Equity loss in unconsolidated  affiliate."  Please
see  "RESEARCH  AND  DEVELOPMENT/COLLABORATIVE  AGREEMENTS"  in Part 1 for  more
details on these transactions.

Interest and Other Income

         Interest and other income totaled $103,000 in 2002 compared to $284,000
recorded in 2001.  Significantly  lower interest rates on money market  accounts
and lower cash available for investment  basically  account for the  difference.
All  funds in excess  of our  immediate  need are  invested  in short  term high
quality securities, which earned much lower interest income in 2002.


Liquidity And Capital Resources

         Cash used in operating  activities for the twelve months ended December
31, 2003 was $7,022,000. Cash provided by financial activities for twelve months
ended  December 31, 2003 amounted to  $10,317,000,  substantially  from proceeds
from  debentures  (see below).  As of December 31,  2003,  we had  approximately
$5,260,000 in cash, cash equivalents and short term investments. We believe that
these  funds  plus the net  proceeds  of  approximately  $3.7  million  from the
recently placed January 2004 Debentures,  2) the potential  receipt of the $1.55
million of proceeds held back pending the  acquisition  of the ISI facility,  3)
potential licensing fee income, 4) the $2,000,000 in proceeds we expect when the
investors exercise their additional  investment rights, and 5) and the projected
revenue from the  acquisition  of the ALFERON N  Injection(R)  business  will be
sufficient to meet our operating  requirements including debt service during the
2004 fiscal year. Sales of ALFERON N Injection(R) could be greater than expected
which would improve our cash position  during the next twelve  months.  Also, we
have the ability to curtail discretionary spending,  including some research and
development  activities,  if  required  to  conserve  cash.  If we do not timely
complete the second ISI asset  acquisition,  our  financial  condition  could be
adversely  affected  (see the risk  factor  "If we do not  complete  the  second
Interferon Sciences asset acquisition, our ability to generate revenues from the
sales of ALFERON N  Injection(R)  and our financial  condition will be adversely
affected").

         On March 12, 2003,  we issued an aggregate of  $5,426,000  in principal
amount  of 6%  Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due  January  2005  (the  "March
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 743,288 warrants to two investors in a private
<PAGE> 52
placement for  aggregate  proceeds of  $4,650,000.  Pursuant to the terms of the
March  Debentures,  $1,550,000  of the  proceeds  from  the  sale  of the  March
Debentures  were to have been held back and were to be  released  to us if,  and
only if, we acquired ISI's facility within a set timeframe.  Although we had not
acquired ISI's facility, these funds were released to us in June 2003. The March
Debentures were to mature on January 31, 2005 and bore interest at 6% per annum,
payable  quarterly in cash or, subject to  satisfaction  of certain  conditions,
common  stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as payment of
interest  were valued at 95% of the average  closing  price of the common  stock
during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third  business  day
immediately  preceding the  applicable  interest  payment date.  Pursuant to the
terms and  conditions  of the March  Debentures,  we pledged  all of our assets,
other than our intellectual  property,  as collateral and were subject to comply
with  certain  financial  and  negative  covenants,  which  include but were not
limited to the repayment of principal  balances upon achieving  certain  revenue
milestones.

         The March Debentures were convertible at the option of the investors at
any time  through  January  31,  2005  into  shares  of our  common  stock.  The
conversion  price  under the  March  Debentures  was  fixed at $1.46 per  share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion price then in effect.

         The  investors  also  received  Warrants to acquire at any time through
March 12,  2008 an  aggregate  of 743,288  shares of common  stock at a price of
$1.68 per share.  On March 12, 2004,  the exercise  price of the Warrants was to
reset to the lesser of the exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the
average of the daily price of the common stock  between March 13, 2003 and March
11, 2004 (but in no event less than $1.176 per share).  The exercise  price (and
the reset price) under the Warrants also is subject to similar  adjustments  for
anti-dilution protection. All of these warrants have been exercised.

         We entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
connection  with the  issuance of the March  Debentures  and the  Warrants.  The
Registration  Rights  Agreement  requires  that we register the shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the  Debentures,  as interest shares under the
Debentures and upon exercise of the Warrants. In accordance with this agreement,
we have registered these shares for public sale.

         As  of  December  31,  2003  the  investors  had  converted  the  total
$5,426,000 principal of the March Debentures into 3,716,438 shares of our common
stock.  The total  interest on the  debenture  was $111,711 of which $17,290 was
paid in cash and $94,421 was paid by the issuance of shares of our common stock.
The investor  exercised 742,288 warrants in July 2003 which produced proceeds in
the amount of $1,248,724.

         On July 10, 2003,  we issued an aggregate  of  $5,426,000  in principal
amount  of 6%  Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due July  31,  2005  (the  "July
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 507,103 Warrants (the "July 2008 Warrants") to
the same  investors who purchased  the March 12, 2003  Debentures,  in a private
placement  for aggregate  anticipated  proceeds of  $4,650,000.  Pursuant to the
terms of the July  Debentures,  $1,550,000  of the proceeds from the sale of the
July  Debentures  were to have been held back and were to be  released to us if,
and only if, we acquired  ISI's  facility with in a set  timeframe.  Although we
have not acquired  ISI's  facility,  these funds were  released to us in October
2003.  The July  Debentures  mature on July 31, 2005 and bear interest at 6% per
<PAGE> 53
annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash  or,  subject  to  satisfaction  of  certain
conditions,  common stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as
payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing price of the
common  stock  during the five  consecutive  business  days  ending on the third
business day immediately preceding the applicable interest payment date.

         The July  Debentures are  convertible at the option of the investors at
any time through July 31, 2005 into shares of our common stock.  The  conversion
price under the July Debentures was fixed at $2.14 per share;  however,  as part
of the new  debenture  placement  closed on October  29, 2003 (see  below),  the
conversion  price under the July Debentures was lowered to $1.89 per share.  The
conversion  price is subject to  adjustment  for  anti-dilution  protection  for
issuance of common stock or securities  convertible or exchangeable  into common
stock at a price less than the conversion price then in effect.

         The July 2008 Warrants  received by the investors,  as amended,  are to
acquire at any time  commencing  on July 26,  2004  through  January 31, 2009 an
aggregate of 507,102  shares of common  stock at a price of $2.46 per share.  On
July 10, 2004,  the exercise price of these July 2008 Warrants will reset to the
lesser of the  exercise  price then in effect or a price equal to the average of
the daily price of the common stock  between July 11, 2003 and July 9, 2004 (but
in no event less than $2.14 per share). The exercise price (and the reset price)
under  the July  2008  Warrants  also is  subject  to  similar  adjustments  for
anti-dilution protection.

         We entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
connection  with the issuance of the July Debentures and the July 2008 Warrants.
The  Registration  Rights  Agreement  requires that we register on behalf of the
holders the shares of common stock issuable upon  conversion of the  Debentures,
as  interest  shares  under the  Debentures  and upon  exercise of the July 2008
Warrants. These shares have been registered for public sale.

         On June 25,  2003,  we issued to each of the March 12,  2003  Debenture
holders a warrant to acquire at any time  through  June 25, 2008 an aggregate of
500,000 shares of common stock at a price of $2.40 per share.  On June 25, 2004,
the exercise  price of these June 2008  Warrants will reset to the lesser of the
exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the average of the daily price
of the common  stock  between  June 26,  2003 and June 24, 2004 (but in no event
less than $1.68 per share).  The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the
June 2008 Warrants also is subject to adjustments for  anti-dilution  protection
similar to those in the July 2008  Warrants.  Pursuant to our agreement with the
Debenture holders, we have registered the shares issuable upon exercise of these
June 2008 Warrants for public sale.

         On October 29, 2003,  we issued an aggregate of $4,142,357 in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due October 31, 2005 (the "October
Debentures")  and an aggregate of 410,134 Warrants (the "October 2008 Warrants")
in a private  placement for aggregate  anticipated gross proceeds of $3,550,000.
Pursuant to the terms of the October Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds from
the sale of the October  Debentures  have been held back and will be released to
us if, and only if, we  acquired  ISI's  facility  within 90 days of January 26,
2004 and provide a mortgage on the facility as further  security for the October
Debentures.  The October Debentures mature on October 31, 2005 and bear interest
at 6% per  annum,  payable  quarterly  in cash or,  subject to  satisfaction  of
certain  conditions,  common  stock.  Any shares of common  stock  issued to the
investors as payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing
price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business  days ending on
<PAGE> 54
the third business day  immediately  preceding the applicable  interest  payment
date.

         Upon  completing  the  sale  of the  October  Debentures,  we  received
$3,275,000 in net proceeds  consisting of $1,725,000 from the October Debentures
and $1,550,000 that had been withheld from the July Debentures.  As noted above,
$1,550,000  of the  proceeds  from the  October  Debentures  have been held back
pending our completing the acquisition of the ISI facility.

         The October  Debentures are  convertible at the option of the investors
at any time  through  October  31,  2005 into  shares of our common  stock.  The
conversion  price  under the  October  Debentures  is fixed at $2.02 per  share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion price then in effect.

         The October 2008 Warrants, as amended, received by the investors are to
acquire  at any time  commencing  on July 26,  2004  through  April 30,  2009 an
aggregate of 410,134  shares of common  stock at a price of $2.32 per share.  On
October 29, 2004,  the exercise  price of these October 2008 Warrants will reset
to the  lesser of the  exercise  price  then in  effect or a price  equal to the
average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between  October  29, 2003 and
October 27, 2004 (but in no event less than $2.19 per share). The exercise price
(and the reset price) under the October 2008 Warrants also is subject to similar
adjustments for anti-dilution protection.

         As of February 27, 2004, the investors had converted $9,589,300 of debt
from the March, July and October  Debentures into 5,894,137 shares of our common
stock.  The remaining  principal  balance on the debentures is convertible  into
shares of our stock at the  option of the  investors  at any time,  through  the
maturity  date. In addition,  we have paid  $1,300,000  into the debenture  cash
collateral  account as  required  by the terms of the  October  Debentures.  The
amounts  paid  through  December  31, 2003 have been  accounted  for as advances
receivable  and are  reflected as such on the  accompanying  balance sheet as of
December 31, 2003. The cash collateral  account  provides  partial  security for
repayment of the March, July and October 2003 and January 2004 Debentures in the
event of default.

         We entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
connection  with the  issuance of the October  Debentures  and the October  2008
Warrants.  The Registration Rights Agreement requires that we register on behalf
of the  holders  the shares of common  stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of the
October  Debentures,  as interest  shares under the October  Debentures and upon
exercise of the 2008  Warrants.  These  shares have been  registered  for public
sale.  If,  subject to certain  exceptions,  sales of all shares  required to be
registered cannot be made pursuant to the registration  statement,  then we will
be required to pay to the investors  their pro rata share of $3,635 for each day
such conditions exists.

          On January 26, 2004, we issued an aggregate of $4,000,000 in principal
amount of 6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due January 31, 2006 (the "January
2004  Debentures"),  an aggregate of 790,514  warrants (the "2009 Warrants") and
158,103 shares of common stock, and Additional Investment Rights (to purchase up
to  an  additional  $2,000,000  principal  amount  of  January  2004  Debentures
commencing  in six months) in a private  placement for aggregate net proceeds of
$3,695,000.  The  January  2004  Debentures  mature on January 31, 2006 and bear
interest at 6% per annum,  payable quarterly in cash or, subject to satisfaction
<PAGE> 55
of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the
investors as payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing
price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business  days ending on
the third business day  immediately  preceding the applicable  interest  payment
date.  Commencing six months after  issuance,  we are required to start repaying
the then  outstanding  principal  amount  under the January 2004  Debentures  in
monthly  installments  amortized  over 18 months in cash or, at our  option,  in
shares of common  stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the  investors as
installment  payments shall be valued at 95% of the average closing price of the
common stock during the 10-day  trading  period  commencing on and including the
eleventh trading day immediately preceding the date that the installment is due.

         The  January  2004  Debentures  are  convertible  at the  option of the
investors at any time through  January 31, 2006 into shares of our common stock.
The  conversion  price under the January 2004  Debentures  is fixed at $2.53 per
share, subject to adjustment for anti-dilution protection for issuance of common
stock or securities  convertible  or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price
less than the conversion price then in effect.

         There are two classes of July 2009 warrants  received by the Investors:
Class A and Class B. The Class A warrants  are to acquire any time from July 26,
2004 through July 26, 2009 an aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common stock
at a price of $3.29 per share. The Class B warrants are to acquire any time from
July 26, 2004  through  July 26, 2009 an  aggregate  of up to 395,257  shares of
common stock at a price of $5.06 per share.  On January 27,  2005,  the exercise
price of these July 2009  Class A and Class B Warrants  will reset to the lesser
of their  respective  exercise  price  then in  effect  or a price  equal to the
average of the daily  price of the common  stock  between  January  27, 2004 and
January  26,  2005 (but in no event less than $2.58 per share with regard to the
Class A warrants and $3.54 per share with regard to the Class B  warrants).  The
exercise  price  (and the reset  price)  under the July  2009  Warrants  also is
subject to similar adjustments for anti-dilution protection.

         We also issued to the investors  Additional  Investment Rights pursuant
to which the investors have the right to acquire up to an additional  $2,000,000
principal  amount of January  2004  Debentures  from us.  These  Debentures  are
identical to the January 2004  Debentures  except that the  conversion  price is
$2.58. The Additional  Investment Rights are exercisable  commencing on July 26,
2004 (the  "Trigger"  date) for a period of 90 days from the Trigger  Date or 90
days from the date  which the  registration  statement  registering  the  shares
issuable  upon the  conversion  of the  January  2004  Debentures  to be  issued
pursuant to the Additional Investment Rights is declared effective, whichever is
longer.

         We entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
connection  with the  issuance of the January  2004  Debentures  (including  any
Debentures issued pursuant to the Additional Investment Rights), the shares, and
the January 2009 Warrants.  The Registration  Rights Agreement  requires that we
register on behalf of the  investors the shares issued to the investors and 135%
of the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures  (including  payment of
interest  thereon)  and upon  exercise  of the  January  2009  Warrants.  If the
Registration  Statement  containing  these  shares is not filed  within the time
period required by the agreement,  not declared effective within the time period
required by the  agreement  or,  after it is declared  effective  and subject to
certain exceptions, sales of all shares required to be registered thereon cannot
be made pursuant thereto, then we will be required to pay to the investors their
<PAGE> 56
pro rata  share of $3,635  for each day any of the above  conditions  exist with
respect to this Registration Statement.

         By  agreement  between  us and the  investors,  the date upon which all
warrants  previously issued to the investors may become  exercisable is now July
26,  2004  and the  exercise  periods  of  these  warrants  have  been  extended
accordingly.

         By agreement  with  Cardinal  Securities,  LLC,  for general  financial
advisory  services and in conjunction with the private  debenture  placements in
March,  July and October 2003 and in January 2004, we paid Cardinal  Securities,
LLC an  investment  banking fee equal to 7% of the  investments  made by the two
Debenture  holders and issued to  Cardinal  certain  warrants.  A portion of the
investment banking fee was paid with the issuance of 30,000 shares of our common
stock.  Cardinal also received  612,000  warrants to purchase  common stock,  of
which 112,500 are  exercisable  at $1.74 per share,  112,500 are  exercisable at
$2.57 per  share,  200,000  are  exercisable  at $2.50  per  share,  87,500  are
exercisable  at $2.42 per share and 100,000 are  exercisable at $3.04 per share.
The $1.74 warrants  expire on July 10, 2008, the $2.57 and $2.50 warrants expire
on March 12, 2008, the $2.42  warrants  expire on October 30, 2008 and the $3.04
warrants  expire on  January  5,  2009.  By  agreement  with  Cardinal,  we have
registered  542,500  shares  for public  sale and have  agreed to  register  the
balance.

         In  connection  with  the  debenture  agreements,  we have  outstanding
letters of credit of $1 million as additional collateral.

         On March 11, 2003, we acquired from ISI,  ISI's  inventory of ALFERON N
Injection(R),  a  pharmaceutical  product  used for  intralesional  treatment of
refractory  or recurring  external  genital warts in patients 18 years of age or
older, and a limited license for the production, manufacture, use, marketing and
sale of this product. As partial consideration,  we issued 487,028 shares of our
common  stock to ISI  Pursuant to our  agreements  with ISI, we have  registered
these shares for public sale.  ISI has sold all of these shares.  We also agreed
to pay ISI 6 % of the net sales of ALFERON N Injection(R).

         On March 11, 2003,  we also entered into an agreement to purchase  from
ISI all of its rights to the  product  and other  assets  related to the product
including,  but not limited to, real estate and machinery.  For these assets, we
agreed to issue to ISI an additional  487,028 shares and to issue 314,465 shares
and 267,296  shares,  respectively  to The  American  National  Red Cross and GP
Strategies  Corporation,  two  creditors of ISI. We have  guaranteed  the market
value of all but 62,500 of these shares to be $1.59 per share on the termination
date. The termination  date for these  guarantees is 18 months after the date of
issuance of the guaranteed shares to GP Strategies,  24 months after the date of
issuance  and  delivery  of the 487,028  guaranteed  shares to ISI and 12 months
after the date of issuance of the guaranteed shares to the American National Red
Cross.  These stockholders are permitted to periodically sell certain amounts of
their shares.  If, within 30 days after the respective  termination date, one or
more of these  stockholders  requests  that we honor the  guarantee,  we will be
obligated to reacquire their remaining  guaranteed shares and pay them $1.59 per
share. Please see "We have guaranteed the value of a number of shares issued and
to be issued as a result of our acquisition of assets from Interferon  Sciences.
If our share price is not above $1.59 per share 12 or 24 months  after the dates
of issuance of the guaranteed shares, our financial condition could be adversely
affected" in "Risk Factors," above.
<PAGE> 57
           We also agreed to satisfy other liabilities of ISI which are past due
and secured by a lien on ISI's real estate and to pay ISI 6% of the net sales of
products containing natural alpha interferon.

         On May 30, 2003, we issued the shares to GP Strategies and the American
  National  Red  Cross.  Pursuant  to our  agreements  with  ISI and  these  two
  creditors,  we have  registered  the  foregoing  shares for public sale. As of
  February 10, 2004 GP Strategies had sold all of its shares

         In addition,  as of December 31, 2003,  we have  $200,000 in restricted
cash under other letter of credit agreements  required by our insurance carrier.
Prior to our annual meeting of  stockholders in September 2003, we had a limited
number of shares of Common  Stock  authorized  but not  issued or  reserved  for
issuance upon conversion or exercise or outstanding  convertible and exercisable
securities a such as debentures,  options and warrants. Prior to the meeting, to
permit  consummation  of the sale of the July 2005  Debentures  and the  related
warrants,  Dr.  Carter agreed that he would not exercise his warrants or options
unless and until our stockholders  approve an increase in our authorized  shares
of common  stock.  For Dr.  Carter's  waiver of his  right to  exercise  certain
options and warrants prior to approval of the increase in our authorized shares,
we agreed to compensate Dr.  Carter.  See  "Executive  Compensation;  Employment
Agreements"  for details  related to how Dr.  Carter has been  compensated  with
respect to this matter.

         On November 6, 2003 we acquired  some of the  outstanding  ISI property
tax  lien  certificates  in  the  aggregate  amount  of  $456,839  from  certain
investors.  These tax liens were issued for property taxes and utilities due for
2000, 2001 and 2002.

         Because of our long-term  capital  requirements,  we may seek to access
the public equity market  whenever  conditions are favorable,  even if we do not
have an  immediate  need for  additional  capital at that time.  Any  additional
funding may result in  significant  dilution  and could  involve the issuance of
securities with rights, which are senior to those of existing  stockholders.  We
may  also  need  additional  funding  earlier  than  anticipated,  and our  cash
requirements,  in  general,  may vary  materially  from those now  planned,  for
reasons  including,  but not limited to, changes in our research and development
programs,   clinical  trials,   competitive  and  technological   advances,  the
regulatory  process,  and  higher  than  anticipated  expenses  and  lower  than
anticipated revenues from certain of our clinical trials for which cost recovery
from participants has been approved.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Contractual Obligations
<S>                                              <C>              <C>                 <C>                  <C>
                                                                          (dollars in thousands)
                                                                      Obligations Expiring by Period
Contractual Cash Obligations                 ======================================================================

                                                    Total              2004           2005-2006        2007-2008
                                             =================== ==================================================


Operating Leases                                  $784                $286             $433             $65

Convertible Debentures
July 10, 2003 5,426,000 6%
Senior Convertible Debenture                     4,257                 -              4,257              -

October 29, 2003 $4,142,000 6% Senior Conver ible
Debenture                                        2,334                 -              2,334              -
                                             ------------------  --------------------------------------------------

Total                                           $7,375               $286            $7,024             $65
                                             ==================  ==================================================
</TABLE>
<PAGE> 58

                          NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In November,  2002,  the FASB issued  Interpretation  No. 45,  "Guarantor's
Accounting  and  Disclosure  Requirements  for  Guarantees,  including  Indirect
Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others" ("Interpretation No. 45").  Interpretation
No. 45 elaborates on the existing  disclosure  requirements for most guarantees,
including loan guarantees  such as standby letters of credit.  It also clarifies
that at the time a company  issues a guarantee,  the company  must  recognize an
initial  liability for the fair market value of the obligations it assumes under
the  guarantee  and must  disclose  that  information  in its interim and annual
financial  statements.  The initial  recognition and  measurement  provisions of
Interpretation  No.  45 apply on a  prospective  basis to  guarantees  issued or
modified after December 31, 2002.  Interpretation  No. 45 did not have an effect
on our financial statements.

         In December 2002, the FASB issued  Statement No. 148,  "Accounting  for
Stock-Based  Compensation-Transition  and  Disclosure",  and  amendment  of FASB
Statement No. 123 ("SFAS").  SFAS 148 amends FASB Statement No. 123,  Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation, to provide alternative method of transition for an
entity  that  voluntarily  changes to the fair  value  based of  accounting  for
stock-based employee  compensation.  It also amends the disclosure provisions of
that Statement to require prominent disclosure about the effects on reported net
income of an entity's  accounting  policy  decisions with respect to stock-based
employee  compensation.  Finally,  this Statement amends  Accounting  Principles
Board ("APB") Opinion No. 28, Interim Financial  Reporting to require disclosure
about those effects in interim financial information.  SFAS 148 is effective for
financial  statements  for fiscal years ending after  December 15, 2002. We will
continue to account  for  stock-based  compensation  using the  intrinsic  value
method of APB Opinion No. 25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to Employees,"  but
have adopted the enhanced disclosure requirements of SFAS 148.

         In January 2003, the FASB issued  Interpretation No. 46, "Consolidation
of Variable  Interest  Entities"  ("Interpretation  No. 46"), that clarifies the
application  of  Accounting  Research  Bulletin No. 51,  Consolidated  Financial
Statements,  "to certain  entities  in which  equity  investors  do not have the
characteristics  of a controlling  financial  interest or do not have sufficient
equity at risk for the  entity to  finance  its  activities  without  additional
subordinated  financial  support from other  parties.  Interpretation  No. 46 is
applicable  immediately for variable interest entities created after January 31,
2003.  For variable  interest  entities  created prior to January 31, 2003,  the
provisions of  Interpretation  No. 46 have been deferred to the first quarter of
2004. This  Interpretation did not have an effect on our consolidated  financial
statements.

         In May 2003, the FASB issued Statement No. 150, "Accounting for Certain
Financial  Instruments  with  Characteristics  of both  Liabilities  and Equity"
("SFAS  150").  SFAS 150  requires  an  issuer  to  classify  certain  financial
instruments,  such as mandatory  redeemable shares and obligations to repurchase
the issuers  equity  shares,  as  liabilities.  The  guidance is  effective  for
financial  instruments entered into or modified subsequent to May 31, 2003, and
is otherwise  effective at the beginning of the first interim  period after June
15, 2003. SFAS 150 did not have an impact on our financial  condition or results
of operations.
<PAGE> 59
Disclosure About Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

         Prior to our annual meeting of stockholders in September 2003, we had a
limited  number of shares of Common Stock  authorized but not issued or reserved
for  issuance  upon  conversion  or  exercise  of  outstanding  convertible  and
exercisable  securities such as debentures,  options and warrants.  Prior to the
meeting,  to permit consummation of the sale of the July 2005 Debentures and the
related  warrants,  Dr. Carter agreed that he would not exercise his warrants or
options unless and until our stockholders  approve an increase in our authorized
shares of common stock. For Dr. Carter's waiver of his right to exercise certain
options and warrants prior to approval of the increase in our authorized shares,
we have agreed to compensate Dr. Carter. See "Executive Compensation; Employment
Agreements"  for details  related to how Dr.  Carter has been  compensated  with
respect to this matter.

         In  connection  with  the  debenture  agreements,  HEB has  outstanding
letters of credit of $1,000,000 as additional collateral.

Critical Accounting Policies

    Financial  Reporting  Release No. 60  requires  all  companies  to include a
discussion of critical accounting policies or methods used in the preparation of
financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are described in Notes
to the Consolidated  Financial Statements.  The significant  accounting policies
that we believe are most  critical to aid in fully  understanding  our  reported
financial results are the following:

Revenue

         Revenues  for  non-refundable  license  fees are  recognized  under the
Performance  Method-Expected  Revenue. This method considers the total amount of
expected revenue during the performance period, but limits the amount of revenue
recognized  in a period to total  non-refundable  cash  received  to date.  This
limitation is appropriate  because future  milestone  payments are contingent on
future events.

         Upon  receipt,  the upfront  non-refundable  payment is  deferred.  The
non-refundable  upfront payments plus  non-refundable  payments arising from the
achievement of defined milestones are recognized as revenue over the performance
period based on the lesser of (a) percentage of completion or (b) non-refundable
cash earned (including the upfront payment).

         This method  requires the  computation  of a ratio of cost  incurred to
date to  total  expected  costs  and then  apply  that  ratio to total  expected
revenue. The amount of revenue recognized is limited to the total non-refundable
cash received to date.

         Revenue  from the sale of  Ampligen(R)  under  cost  recovery  clinical
treatment  protocols  approved by the FDA is  recognized  when the  treatment is
provided to the patient.

         Revenues  from the sale of product are  recognized  when the product is
shipped,  as title is transferred to the customer.  We have no other  obligation
associated with our products once shipment has occurred.
<PAGE> 60
Patents and Trademarks

         Effective  October 1, 2001, we adopted a 17 year estimated  useful life
for the  amortization  of our  patents  and  trademark  rights  in order to more
accurately  reflect their useful life. Prior to October 1, 2001, we were using a
ten year estimated useful life.

         Patents and  trademarks are stated at cost  (primarily  legal fees) and
are  amortized  using the straight  line method over the life of the assets.  We
review our patents and trademark rights  periodically to determine  whether they
have  continuing  value.  Such  review  includes  an  analysis of the patent and
trademark's ultimate revenue and profitability potential on an undiscounted cash
basis to support  the  realizability  of our  respective  capitalized  cost.  In
addition,  management's  review  addresses  whether each patent continues to fit
into our strategic business plans.

Concentration of Credit Risk

         Financial  instruments  that  potentially  subject  us to credit  risks
consist of cash equivalents and accounts receivable.

         Our  policy  is to limit  the  amount  of  credit  exposure  to any one
financial   institution  and  place  investments  with  financial   institutions
evaluated as being credit  worthy,  or in short-term  money  markets,  which are
exposed  to  minimal  interest  rate and credit  risks.  At times,  we have bank
deposits and  overnight  repurchase  agreements  that exceed  federally  insured
limits.

         Concentration  of credit risk, with respect to receivables,  is limited
through  our credit  evaluation  process.  We do not require  collateral  on our
receivables.  Our receivables  consist principally of amounts due from wholesale
drug companies as of December 31, 2003.

    ITEM 7a.  Quantitative and Qualitative Market Risk.

Market Risk

         We  had  $5.2  million  in  cash,  cash   equivalents  and  short  term
investments  at  December  31,  2003.  To the  extent  that  our  cash  and cash
equivalents  exceed our near term  funding  requirements,  the  excess  cash was
invested in three (3) to six (6) month high quality  financial  instruments.  We
employ  established  policies and procedures to manage any risks with respect to
any investment exposure.


ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

         The consolidated  balance sheets as of December 31, 2002, and 2003, and
our consolidated  statements of operations,  changes in stockholders' equity and
comprehensive loss and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period
ended  December  31,  2003,  together  with  the  report  of BDO  Seidman,  LLP,
independent  public  accountants,  are  included  at  the  end of  this  report.
Reference is made to the "Index to Financial  Statements and Financial Statement
Schedule" on page F-1.

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosures.

         None.
<PAGE> 61
ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures.

         Our Chairman of the Board (serving as the principal  executive officer)
and the Chief  Financial  Officer  performed  an  evaluation  of our  disclosure
controls and  procedures,  which have been designed to permit us to  effectively
identify and timely  disclose  important  information.  They  concluded that the
controls and  procedures  were  effective as of December 31, 2003 to ensure that
material  information  was  accumulated  and  communicated  to  our  management,
including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial   Officer,   as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  During the
quarter ended December 31, 2003, we have made no change in our internal controls
over financial reporting that has materially  affected,  or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.



<PAGE> 62

                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
         The following  sets forth  biographical  information  about each of our
directors and executive officers as of the date of this Agreement:

Name                             Age   Position

William A. Carter, M.D.          66    Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,
                                       and President
Robert E. Peterson               66    Chief Financial Officer
David R. Strayer, M.D.           58    Medical Director, Regulatory Affairs
Mei-June Liao, Ph.D.             53    Vice President of Regulatory Affairs,
                                       Quality Control and
                                       Research and Development
Robert Hansen                    60    Vice President of Manufacturing
Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.            54    Director of Process Development
Richard C. Piani                 77    Director
William M. Mitchell, M.D.,Ph.D.  69    Director
Ransom W. Etheridge              64    Director, Secretary, and General Counsel
Eraj Kiani, M.B.A., Ph.D.        58    Director
Antoni Esteve, Ph.D.             45    Director


         Each  director has been elected to serve until the next annual  meeting
of stockholders, or until his earlier resignation, removal from office, death or
incapacity.  Each  executive  officer  serves at the  discretion of the Board of
Directors, subject to rights, if any, under contracts of employment.


     WILLIAM A. CARTER, M.D., the co-inventor of Ampligen,  joined Hemispherx in
1978,  and has served as: (a) our Chief  Scientific  Officer since May 1989; (b)
the  Chairman  of our  Board of  Directors  since  January  1992;  (c) our Chief
Executive Officer since July 1993; (d) our President since April,  1995; and (e)
a director since 1987. From 1987 to 1988, Dr. Carter served as our Chairman. Dr.
Carter was a leading  innovator in the  development  of human  interferon  for a
variety of treatment  indications  including  various viral diseases and cancer.
Dr. Carter received the first FDA approval to initiate clinical trials on a beta
interferon product manufactured in the U.S. under his supervision.  From 1985 to
October  1988,  Dr.  Carter  served as our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and Chief
Scientist.  He received his M.D.  degree from Duke  University and underwent his
post-doctoral  training at the National  Institutes  of Health and Johns Hopkins
University.  Dr.  Carter  also served as  Professor  of  Neoplastic  Diseases at
Hahnemann Medical  University,  a position he held from 1980 to 1998. Dr. Carter
served as Director of  Clinical  Research  for  Hahnemann  Medical  University's
Institute  for Cancer and Blood  Diseases,  and as a professor at Johns  Hopkins
School of Medicine and the State  University of New York at Buffalo.  Dr. Carter
is a Board certified physician and author of more than 200 scientific  articles,
including the editing of various textbooks on anti-viral and immune therapy.
<PAGE> 63
     ROBERT E. PETERSON has served as our Chief  Financial  Officer since April,
1993 and served as an  Independent  Financial  Advisor to us from 1989 to April,
1993. Also, Mr. Peterson has served as Vice President of the Omni Group, Inc., a
business  consulting  group based in Tulsa,  Oklahoma  since 1985.  From 1971 to
1984,  Mr.  Peterson  worked for PepsiCo,  Inc. and served in various  financial
management  positions  including Vice President and Chief  Financial  Officer of
PepsiCo Foods International and PepsiCo  Transportation,  Inc. Mr. Peterson is a
graduate of Eastern New Mexico University.

     DAVID R.  STRAYER,  M.D. who served as Professor of Medicine at the Medical
College of  Pennsylvania  and  Hahnemann  University,  has acted as our  Medical
Director  since 1986.  He is Board  Certified  in Medical  Oncology and Internal
Medicine  with  research  interests  in the fields of cancer  and immune  system
disorders. Dr. Strayer has served as principal investigator in studies funded by
the Leukemia Society of America,  the American Cancer Society,  and the National
Institutes  of  Health.  Dr.  Strayer  attended  the School of  Medicine  at the
University of California at Los Angeles where he received his M.D. in 1972.

     MEI-JUNE LIAO,  Ph.D.  has served as Vice President of Regulatory  Affairs,
Quality and Research & Development  since October 2003 and as Vice  President of
Research  &  Development  since  March  2003  with   responsibilities   for  the
regulatory,  quality control and product  development of Alferon(R).  Before the
acquisition  of certain  assets of ISI, Dr. Liao was Vice  President of Research
and Development  from 1995 to 2003 and held senior positions in the Research and
Development  Department  of ISI from 1983 to 1994.  Dr. Liao  received her Ph.D.
from Yale University in 1980 and completed a three year postdoctoral appointment
at the  Massachusetts  Institute  of  Technology  under the  direction  of Nobel
Laureate in Medicine,  Professor H. Gobind  Khorana.  Dr. Liao has authored many
scientific publications and invention disclosures.

ROBERT  HANSEN  joined us as Vice  President of  Manufacturing  in 2003 upon the
acquisition of certain assets of ISI. He is responsible  for the  manufacture of
Alferon N(R). Mr. Hansen had been Vice President of Manufacturing  for ISI since
1997,  and served in various  capacities in  manufacturing  since joining ISI in
1987. He has a B.S. degree in Chemical  Engineering from Columbia  University in
1966.

     CAROL A. SMITH, Ph.D. is Director of Process  Development and has served as
our  Director of  Manufacturing  and Process  Development  since April 1995,  as
Director of  Operations  since 1993 and as the Manager of Quality  Control  from
1991 to 1993, with responsibility for the manufacture,  control and chemistry of
Ampligen(R).  Dr.  Smith was  Scientist/Quality  Assurance  Officer for Virotech
International,  Inc. from 1989 to 1991 and Director of the Reverse Transcriptase
and Interferon  Laboratories and a Clinical Monitor for Life Sciences, Inc. from
1983 to 1989.  She  received  her Ph.D.  from the  University  of South  Florida
College  of  Medicine  in  1980  and  was an  NIH  post-doctoral  fellow  at the
Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine.

     RICHARD C. PIANI has been a director of  Hemispherx  since 1995.  Mr. Piani
has been  employed as a principal  delegate  for Industry to the City of Science
and  Industry,  Paris,  France,  a billion  dollar  scientific  and  educational
complex.  Mr. Piani provided  consulting to Hemispherx in 1993,  with respect to
general business strategies for our European  operations and markets.  Mr. Piani
served as Chairman  of  Industrielle  du  Batiment-Morin,  a building  materials
corporation,  from  1986 to  1993.  Previously  Mr.  Piani  was a  Professor  of
International Strategy at Paris Dauphine University from 1984 to 1993. From 1979
to 1985,  Mr.  Piani  served as Group  Director in Charge of  International  and
<PAGE> 64
Commercial  Affairs for  Rhone-Poulenc and from 1973 to 1979 he was Chairman
and Chief  Executive  Officer of Societe "La  Cellophane",  the French company
which invented  cellophane and several other worldwide  products.
Mr. Piani has a Law degree  from  Faculte de Droit,  Paris  Sorbonne  and
a Business Administration degree from Ecole des Hautes Etudes
Commerciales, Paris.

     RANSOM W.  ETHERIDGE has been a director of Hemispherx  since October 1997,
and presently serves as our secretary and general  counsel.  Mr. Etheridge first
became associated with Hemispherx in 1980 when he provided  consulting  services
to us and  participated  in  negotiations  with  respect to our initial  private
placement through  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Mr. Etheridge has been practicing law
since 1967,  specializing in transactional law. Mr. Etheridge is a member of the
Virginia  State  Bar,  a  Judicial  Remedies  Award  Scholar,  and has served as
President  of the  Tidewater  Arthritis  Foundation.  He is a  graduate  of Duke
University,  and received his Law degree from the University of Richmond  School
of Law.

     WILLIAM M. MITCHELL,  M.D.,  Ph.D. has been a director of Hemispherx  since
July 1998.  Dr.  Mitchell is a Professor of Pathology at  Vanderbilt  University
School of Medicine.  Dr. Mitchell earned a M.D. from Vanderbilt and a Ph.D. from
Johns  Hopkins  University,  where he served as an Intern in Internal  Medicine,
followed by a Fellowship at its School of Medicine.  Dr.  Mitchell has published
over 200 papers,  reviews and  abstracts  dealing  with  viruses and  anti-viral
drugs.  Dr.  Mitchell  has  worked  for and with  many  professional  societies,
including the  International  Society for Interferon  Research,  and committees,
among them the National  Institutes of Health,  AIDS and Related Research Review
Group. Dr. Mitchell  previously  served as a director of Hemispherx from 1987 to
1989.

     IRAJ E. KIANI,  M.B.A.,  Ph.D.,  was appointed to the Board of Directors on
May 1,  2002.  Dr.  Kiani is a  citizen  of  England  and  resides  in  Newport,
California.  Dr. Kiani served in various local government position including the
Governor of Yasoi,  Capital of  Boyerahmand,  Iran. In 1980,  Dr. Kiani moved to
England,  where he  established  and managed  several  trading  companies over a
period of some 20 years. Dr. Kiani is a planning and logistic  specialist who is
now  applying  his  knowledge  and  experience  to build a worldwide  immunology
network, which will use our proprietary technology. Dr. Kiani received his Ph.D.
degree from the University of Warwick in England.

     ANTONI ESTEVE,  Ph.D. became a member of our Board of Directors in November
2003.  Dr.  Esteve  is a Member  of the  Executive  Committee  and  Director  of
Scientific and Commercial Operations for Laboratorios del Dr. Esteve S.A. He has
been  engaged  at  Laboratorios  del Dr.  Esteve  since  1984.  Since 1986 he is
Professor at the Autonomous University of Barcelona, School of Pharmacy. In 2001
he was elected as member of the Advisory  Board for R&D of the Spanish  Ministry
of Science and  Technology.  Since 2002 he also has been  President of Centre de
Transfussio  i Banc de Teixits  (the  Transfusion  and  Tissues  Bank  Center of
Catalonia).  Dr.  Esteve  received a degree in Pharmacy  from the  University of
Barcelona, Faculty of Pharmacy, in 1981 and a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Science in
1990.

    Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

         Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and  directors,
and  persons  who own more  than ten  percent  of a  registered  class of equity
securities,  to  file  reports  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
reflecting  their  initial  position  of  ownership  on  Form 3 and  changes  in
ownership  on Form 4 or Form 5.  Based  solely on a review of the copies of such
<PAGE> 65
forms received by us, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2003, all of our officers,  directors and ten percent stockholders complied with
all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements on a timely basis.


Audit Committee and Audit Committee Expert


     Audit Committee.  Our Audit Committee of the Board of Directors consists of
Richard Piani, Committee Chairman, William Mitchell, M.D. and Iraj Eqhbal Kiani,
M.B.A.,  Ph.D. Mr. Piani, Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Iraj Eqhbal Kiani are Independent
Directors.  We do not have a  financial  expert as  defined  in  Securities  and
Exchange Commission rules on the committee in the true sense of the description.
However,  Mr. Piani is a businessman and has 40 years of experience working with
budgets,  analyzing  financials  and dealing  with  financial  institutions.  We
believe Mr.  Piani,  Dr.  Mitchell  and Iraj Eqhbal Kiani to be  independent  of
management and free of any relationship that would interfere with their exercise
of independent judgment as members of this committee. The principal functions of
the Audit Committee are to recommend our independent auditors,  review the scope
of their  engagement,  consult  with the  auditors,  review the results of their
examination,  act as liaison between the Board of Directors and the auditors and
review  various  company  policies,  including  those relating to accounting and
internal controls.

Code of Ethics

         Our Board of Directors  adopted a code of ethics and  business  conduct
for officers,  directors  and  employees  that went into effect on May 19, 2003.
This  code has  been  presented  and  reviewed  by each  officer,  director  and
employee.  You may  obtain  a copy of this  code  by  visiting  our web  site at
www.hemispherx.net  (Corporate Info) or by written request to our office at 1617
JFK Boulevard, Suite 660, Philadelphia, PA 19103.


    Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

         The  summary   compensation   table  below  sets  forth  the  aggregate
compensation paid or accrued by us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2003,
2002 and 2001 to (i) our Chief  Executive  Officer and (ii) our four most highly
paid  executive  officers  other  than the CEO who  were  serving  as  executive
officers at the end of the last  completed  fiscal  year and whose total  annual
salary and bonus exceeded $100,000 (collectively, the "Named Executives").


<PAGE> 66

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                             EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
<S>                            <C>               <C>                 <C>            <C>                  <C>

Name and Principal Position   Year          Salary ($)            Restricted      Warrants & Options   All Other
                                                                  Stock Awards    Awards               Compensation
                                                                                                       (1)
----------------------------- ------------- --------------------- --------------- -------------------- ---------------
William A. Carter             2003           (4)$674,616                -         (5)1,450,000            $37,175
Chairman of                   2002           (4) 468,830                -         (8)1,000,000             25,747
the Board and CEO             2001           (4) 456,608                -         (2)  386,650             22,917
                                                                        -

Robert E. Peterson            2003           (9)$230,450                -                  -                 -
Chief                         2002               151,055                -         (8)  200,000               -
Financial                     2001               146,880                -         (3)   40,000               -
Officer

David R. Strayer, M.D.        2003            (6)$190,096               -                  -                 -
Medical Director              2002            (6)178,594                -         (8)   50,000               -
                              2001            (6)174,591                -         (7)   10,000               -

Carol A. Smith, Ph.D.         2003              $140,576                -                  -                 -
Director                      2002               128,346                -         (8)   20,000               -
of                            2001               124,800                -         (7)   10,000               -
Manufacturing

Robert Hansen, V.P. of        2003          (10)$104,500                -                  -                 -
Manufacturing                 2002                    -                 -                  -                 -
                              2001                    -                 -                  -                 -

Mei-June Liao, Ph.D.  V.P.    2003          (10)$100,575                -                  -                 -
of Quality Control            2002                    -                 -                  -                 -
                              2001                    -                 -                  -                 -
----------------------
</TABLE>

     (1)Consists of insurance  premiums paid by us with respect to term life and
disability insurance for the benefit of the named executive officer.

     (2)Consists of 188,325 warrants to purchase common stock at $6.00 per share
and 188,325 warrants to purchase common stock at $9.00 per share.  Also includes
a stock option grant of 10,000 shares exercisable at $4.03 per share.

     (3)Consist  of a stock option grant of 10,000 shares  exercisable  at $4.03
per share and 30,000 warrants to purchase common stock at $5.00 per share.

     (4)Includes  a bonus of  $90,397  paid in 2000.  2003  includes  a bonus of
$191,636 paid in 2004.  Also  includes  funds  previously  paid to Dr. Carter by
Hahnemann  Medical  University  where he served as a professor  until 1998. This
compensation  was continued by us and totaled $79,826 in 2000 and 2001,  $82,095
in 2002 and $84,776 in 2003.
<PAGE> 67
     (5)Represents  warrants to purchase  common stock  exercisable at $2.20 per
share.

     (6)Includes  $98,926 paid by Hahnemann Medical University where Dr. Strayer
served as a professor until 1998. This compensation was continued by us in 2001,
2002 and 2003.

     (7)Consist of stock option grant of 10,000 shares  exercisable at $4.03 per
share.

     (8)Represents  number of warrants to purchase  shares of common stock at $2
per share.

     (9)2003 includes a bonus of $74,464 paid in 2004.

     (10)Compensation  since  March  2003.  Employed  by ISI prior to that.  The
following table sets forth certain information  regarding stock warrants granted
during 2003 to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

------------------ ------------------------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------------------------
                            INDIVIDUAL GRANTS
------------------ ------------------------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------------------------
<S>                    <C>                  <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>                 <C>
----------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------------------------
      NAME            NUMBER OF        PERCENTAGE OF      EXERCISE    EXPIRATION DATE    POTENTIAL REALIZABLE VALUE AT
                                      TOTAL WARRANTS
                      SECURITIES        GRANTED TO
                      UNDERLYING       EMPLOYEES IN
                       WARRANTS         FISCAL YEAR      PRICE PER                       ASSUMED RATES OF STOCK PRICE
                      GRANTED (1)         2002(2)        SHARE (3)                      APPRECIATION FOR WARRANTS TERM
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------------------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                                                                                            5% (4)           10%(4)
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
Carter, W.A.              1,450,000        100%            $2.20          9/8/08          $4,071,338       $5,137,527
------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
</TABLE>

     (1) Warrants  vest upon  execution  of the second ISI asset  closing or the
filing  by us  with  the  U.S.  Food  and  Drug  Administration  of a  new  drug
application, whichever happens first.

     (2) Total warrants issued to employees in 2003 were 1,450,000.

     (3) The exercise price is equal to the closing price of our common stock at
the date of issuance.

     (4) Potential  realizable  value is based on an assumption  that the market
price of the common stock  appreciates at the stated rates compounded  annually,
from the date of grant until the end of the respective option term. These values
are calculated based on requirements  promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission and do not reflect our estimate of future stock price appreciation.

<PAGE> 68


The following  table  sets  forth  certain  information  regarding  the stock
       options  held as of  December  31, 2003 by the  individuals  named in the
       above Summary Compensation Table.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
                        AND FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUE
<S>                 <C>            <C>          <C>               <C>                  <C>                 <C>

                                            Securities Underlying Unexercised     Value of Unexercised
                                            Warrants/                             In-the-Money-Options At Fiscal
                                            Options at Fiscal Year End Numbers    Year End (1)
                                            ----------------------------------    ----------------------------------
                                                                                    Dollars

Name            Shares         Value           Exercisable         Unexercisable    Exercisable      Unexercisable
                Acquired on    Realized
                Exercise (#)   ($)
--------------- -------------- ------------ ----------------- ------------------- ---------------- -------------------
--------------- -------------- ------------ ----------------- ------------------- ---------------- -------------------

William Carter        -             -           3,805,378(2)        1,950,000(3)         $367,150            $217,000

Robert                -             -             403,750(4)                   0           52,000                   0
Peterson

David Strayer         -             -             130,000(5)                   0           13,000                   0

Carol Smith           -             -              41,791(6)                   0            5,200                   0
----------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)Computation  based on $2.26,  the December 31, 2003 closing bid price for the
common stock on the American Stock Exchange.

(2) Consist of (i) 500,000  warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on
August 13, 2007 (ii) 188,325 warrants exercisable at $6.00 per share expiring on
February 22, 2006 (iii) 188,325 warrants exercisable at $9.00 per share expiring
on  February  22,  2006 (iv)  100,000  warrants  exercisable  at $6.25 per share
expiring  on April 8, 2004 (v) 25,000  warrants  exercisable  at $6.50 per share
expiring on September  17, 2004 (vi) 25,000  warrants  exercisable  at $8.00 per
share  expiring on September 17, 2004 (vii) 10,000 stock option  exercisable  at
$4.03 per share  expiring  on January  3,  2011,  (viii)  73,728  stock  options
exercisable at $2.71 per share until exercised.  Also include 2,695,000 warrants
and options held in the name of Carter Investments, L.C. of which W.A. Carter in
the principal  beneficiary.  These  securities  consist of (i) 340,000  warrants
exercisable at $4.00 per share expiring on January 1, 2008,(ii) 170,000 warrants
exercisable  at $5.00  per share  expiring  on  January  1,  2005,(iii)  300,000
warrants  exercisable at $6.00 per share expiring on January 1, 2005 (iv) 20,000
warrants  exercisable at $4.00 per share expiring on 2008,(v)  465,000  warrants
exercisable  at  $1.75  expiring  on  June  3,  2005,  and  1,400,000   warrants
exercisable at $3.50 per share expiring on October 16, 2004.
<PAGE> 69
(3) Consists of (i) 500,000 warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on
August  13,  2007 and (ii)  1,450,000  warrants  exercisable  at $2.20 per share
expiring on September 8, 2008.

(4) Consists of (i) 10,000 stock options exercisable at $4.03 per share expiring
on January 3, 2011 (ii)  13,750  stock  options  exercisable  at $3.50 per share
expiring on January 22, 2007,  (iii) 200,000  warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per
share  expiring on August 13, 2007,  (iv) 50,000  warrants  exercisable at $3.50
expiring on March 1, 2006, (v) 100,000  warrants  exercisable at $5.00 per share
expiring  on April 14, 2006 and (vi) 30,000  warrants  exercisable  at $5.00 per
share expiring on February 28, 2009.

(5) Consists of (i) 50,000  warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on
August 13, 2007, (ii) 50,000 warrants exercisable at $4.00 per share expiring on
February 28, 2008,  (iii) 10,000 stock options  exercisable at $4.03 expiring on
January 3, 2011 and (iv) 20,000  stock  options  exercisable  at $3.50 per share
expiring on January 22, 2007.

(6) Consists of (I) 20,000  warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on
August 13, 2007, (ii) 5,000 warrants  exercisable at $4.00 per share expiring on
June 7, 2008, (iii) 10,000 stock options exercisable at $4.03 per share expiring
on January 3, 2016, and (iv) 6,791 stock options  exercisable at $3.50 per share
expiring on January 22, 2007.


Employment Agreements

         We entered into an amended and restated  employment  agreement with our
President  and Chief  Executive  Officer,  Dr.  William A.  Carter,  dated as of
December 3, 1998, as amended in August 2003,  which  provided for his employment
until May 8, 2008 at an  initial  base  annual  salary of  $361,586,  subject to
annual cost of living increases. In addition, Dr. Carter could receive an annual
performance bonus of up to 25% of his base salary, at the sole discretion of the
board  of  directors.  Dr.  Carter  will  not  participate  in  any  discussions
concerning the determination of his annual bonus. Dr. Carter is also entitled to
an incentive  bonus of 0.5% of the gross proceeds  received by us from any joint
venture  or  corporate  partnering  arrangement,  up  to  an  aggregate  maximum
incentive bonus of $250,000 for all such  transactions.  Dr. Carter's  agreement
also provides that he be paid a base salary and benefits  through May 8, 2004 if
he is terminated without "cause", as that term is defined in the agreement. This
agreement was extended to May 8, 2008.  Pursuant to his original  agreement,  as
amended on August 8, 1991,  Dr.  Carter was granted  options to purchase  73,728
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.71 per share.

         We entered  into an amended  and  restated  engagement  agreement  with
Robert  E.  Peterson  dated  April 1, 2001  which  provides  for Mr.  Peterson's
employment as our Chief Financial Officer until December 31, 2003 which has been
extended six months,  at an annual base salary of $155,988 per year,  subject to
annual cost of living increases.  In addition,  Mr. Peterson shall receive bonus
compensation upon Federal Drug Administration  approval of Ampligen based on the
number of years of his  employment  by us up to the date of such  approval.  Mr.
Peterson's  agreement  also contains a provision for severance pay equal to nine
months compensation.

Compensation of Directors

         The  compensation  package  for Members of the Board of  Directors  was
changed on September 9, 2003.  Board member  compensation  consists of an annual
<PAGE> 70
retainer of $100,000 to be paid 50% in cash and 50% in Company common stock.  In
addition,  all  non-employee  directors  received some  compensation in 2003 for
special  project work  performed on our behalf.  All directors have been granted
options to  purchase  common  stock  under our 1990  Stock  Option  Plan  and/or
Warrants to purchase common stock. We believe such compensation and payments are
necessary in order for us to attract and retain qualified outside directors.

1990 Stock Option Plan

         Our 1990 Stock Option Plan, as amended ("1990 Plan"),  provides for the
grant of options to our employees, directors, officers, consultants and advisors
for the purchase of up to an aggregate of 460,798  shares of common  stock.  The
1990  plan  is  administered  by the  Compensation  Committee  of the  board  of
directors,  which has complete  discretion  to select  eligible  individuals  to
receive and to  establish  the terms of option  grants.  The number of shares of
common stock  available  for grant under the 1990 Plan is subject to  adjustment
for  changes in  capitalization.  As of  December  31,  2003,  no  options  were
available  for grants  under the 1990 plan.  This plan  remains in effect  until
terminated by the Board of Directors or until all options are issued.

401(K) Plan

         In December 1995, we established a defined contribution plan, effective
January 1, 1995,  entitled the Hemispherx  Biopharma  employees  401(K) Plan and
Trust  Agreement.  All of our full time employees are eligible to participate in
the 401(K) plan following one year of employment. Subject to certain limitations
imposed by federal tax laws,  participants  are eligible to contribute up to 15%
of their salary (including bonuses and/or commissions) per annum.  Participants'
contributions  to  the  401(K)  plan  may be  matched  by  Hemispherx  at a rate
determined  annually by the board of  directors.  Each  participant  immediately
vests in his or her deferred salary contributions,  while our contributions will
vest over one year. In 2003 we provided matching  contributions to each employee
for up to 6% of annual pay for a total of $34,000 for all eligible employees.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

     During  the  fiscal  year  ended  December  31,  2003,  the  members of our
Compensation Committee were Ransom W. Etheridge and Richard Piani. Mr. Etheridge
serves as our  Secretary  and he is an  attorney  in  private  practice  and has
rendered  legal  services to us for which he received a fee. Mr. Piani  received
fees for certain  consulting  work  performed in Europe on our behalf.  Refer to
Item 13. "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" for more information.

Compensation Committee Report on Compensation

         The Compensation  Committee makes  recommendations  concerning salaries
and compensation for our employees and consultants.

         The  following  report  of the  compensation  committee  discusses  our
executive  compensation  policies and the basis of the compensation  paid to our
executive officers in 2003.

         In general,  the compensation  committee seeks to link the compensation
paid to  each  executive  officer  to the  experience  and  performance  of such
executive officer.  Within these parameters,  the executive compensation program
attempts  to  provide  an  overall  level  of  executive  compensation  that  is
competitive  with  companies  of  comparable  size and with  similar  market and
operating characteristics.
<PAGE> 71
         There are three elements in our executive total  compensation  program,
all  determined by  individual  and  corporate  performance  as specified in the
various employment agreements;  base salary, annual compensation,  and long-term
incentives.

Base Salary

         The Summary  Compensation Table shows amounts earned during 2003 by our
executive  officers.  The base compensation of such executive officers is set by
terms of the employment agreement entered into with each such executive officer.
We established  the base salaries for Chief  Executive  Officer,  Dr. William A.
Carter under an  employment  agreement in December 3, 1998 (as amended on August
14, 2003),  which provides for a base salary of $361,586 until May 8, 2008. Also
we entered into an extended employment agreement with Robert E. Peterson,  Chief
Financial  Officer for a base salary of $155,988 until December 31, 2003,  which
was extended six months.  Dr.  Carter and Mr.  Peterson's  agreements  allow for
annual cost of living increases.  Dr. Carter's  compensation also includes funds
previously paid to Dr. Carter by Hahneman Medical  University where he served as
a professor  until  1998.  This  compensation  was  continued  by us and totaled
$79,826 in 2001, $82,095 in 2002 and $84,776 in 2003.

Annual Incentive

         Our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and our  Chief  Financial  Officer  are
entitled  to an  annual  incentive  bonus  as  determined  by  the  compensation
committee  based on such  executive  officers'  performance  during the previous
calendar year. The cash bonus awarded to our Chief Executive Officer in 2003 and
the cash bonus awarded to the Chief  Financial  Officer in 2003 were  determined
based on this provision in their employment agreements.

Performance Graph
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                              Total Return to Shareholders
                                          (Includes reinvestment of dividends)


                                                                  ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGE
                                                                         Years Ending
<S>                                          <C>            <C>          <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>
Company Name / Index                                       Dec99       Dec00      Dec01       Dec02       Dec03
----------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -----------
HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA INC                                   44.55      -52.20      -5.26      -52.67        6.10
S&P SMALLCAP 600 INDEX                                     12.40       11.80       6.54      -14.63       38.79
PEER GROUP                                                -23.18      -33.76      48.39      -45.76        5.33


                                                                              INDEXED RETURNS
                                Base Years Ending
                                            Period
Company Name / Index                        Dec98          Dec99       Dec00      Dec01       Dec02       Dec03
----------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -----------
HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA INC                     100          144.55       69.09      65.45       30.98       32.87
S&P SMALLCAP 600 INDEX                       100          112.40      125.67     133.88      114.30      158.63
PEER GROUP                                   100           76.82       50.88      75.51       40.95       43.14
<PAGE> 72
Peer Group Companies
----------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- -----------
AVI BIOPHARMA INC
IMMUNE RESPONSE CORP/DE
LA JOLLA PHARMACEUTICAL CO
MAXIM PHARMACEUTICALS INC
</TABLE>

[GRAPHIC OMITTED][GRAPHIC OMITTED]

GRAPH OF TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

     Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
Related Stockholder Matters.

         The  following  table sets forth as of February 15, 2004 the number and
percentage of outstanding  shares of common stock  beneficially owned by each of
our Directors and the Named  Executives,  and all of our executive  officers and
directors  as a group.  As of December 31,  2003,  there were no other  persons,
individually or as a group,  known to the Hemispherx to be deemed the beneficial
owners of five percent or more of the issued and outstanding common stock.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                    <C>                                    <C>
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND PRINCIPAL            SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED          % OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED (1)
STOCKHOLDERS
-------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- -------------------------------------------

William A. Carter, M.D.                                  4,392,028 (2)                            9.96%
Robert E. Peterson                                         404,250 (3)                             1.00
Ransom W. Etheridge                                        414,316 (4)                             1.02
<PAGE> 73
Richard C. Piani                                           196,747 (5)                              *
William M. Mitchell, M.D.                                  196,861 (6)                              *
Antoni Esteve, M.D.                                        347,446 (7)
David R. Strayer, M.D.                                     144,746 (8)                              *
Carol A. Smith, Ph.D                                        41,791 (9)                              *
Iraj-Eghbal Kiani                                           12,000 (10)
Mei-June Liao, Ph.D.                                             0                                  0
Robert Hansen                                                    0                                  0
All directors and executive officers as a
group (11
persons)                                                 6,150,185                               13.56%
--------------------
* Less than 1%
</TABLE>

(1) For  purposes of this table,  a person or group of persons is deemed to have
"beneficial  ownership" of any shares of common stock, which such person has the
right to acquire  within 60 days of February 15, 2004. For purposes of computing
the  percentage  of  outstanding  shares of common  stock held by each person or
group of persons named above,  any security  which such person or persons has or
have the right to acquire  within such date is deemed to be  outstanding  but is
not  deemed to be  outstanding  for the  purpose  of  computing  the  percentage
ownership of any other  person.  Except as  indicated  in the  footnotes to this
table and pursuant to applicable  community property laws,  Hemispherx  believes
based on  information  supplied by such persons,  that the persons named in this
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common
stock which they beneficially own.

(2)  Includes  (i) an option to  purchase  73,728  shares of common  stock  from
Hemispherx  at an  exercise  price of $2.71 per share and  expiring on August 8,
2004, (ii) Rule 701 Warrants to purchase  1,400,000  shares of common stock at a
price of $3.50 per share, originally expiring on September 30, 2002 was extended
to September 30,2007;  (iii) warrants to purchase 465,000 shares of common stock
at $1.75  per  share  issued  in  connection  with the  1995  Standby  Financing
Agreement  and expiring on June 30, 2005;  (iv)  340,000  common stock  warrants
exercisable  at $4.00 per share and  originally  expiring on January 1, 2003 was
extended to January 1, 2008; (v) 170,000  common stock  warrants  exercisable at
$5.00 per share and expiring on January 2, 2005;(vi) 25,000 warrants to purchase
common stock at $6.50 per share and expiring on September 17,  2004;(vii) 25,000
warrants to purchase  common  stock at $8.00 per share and expiring on September
17, 2004;(viii) 100,000 warrants to purchase common stock at $6.25 per share and
expiring on April 8, 2004;  (ix) 20,000  warrants  to purchase  common  stock at
$4.00 per share  originally  expiring January 1, 2003 was extended to January 1,
2008,  (x) 188,325  common  stock  warrants  exercisable  at $6.00 per share and
expiring on February 22, 2006; (xi) 188,325 common stock warrants exercisable at
$9.00 per share and  expiring on February  22, 2006 (xii)  300,000  common stock
warrants granted in 1998 that are exercisable at $6.00 per share and expiring on
January 1, 2006 (xiii)  options to  purchase  10,000  shares of common  stock at
$4.03 per  share  and  expiring  on  January  3,  2011  (XIV)  500,000  warrants
exercisable  $2.00 per share in August 13,  2007,  and 586,650  shares of common
stock.  Does not include  1,950,000  warrants that are not vested  consisting of
500,000 warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring on August 13, 2007 and
1,450,000 warrants exercisable at $2.20 per share expiring on September 9, 2008.

(3) Includes (i) 13,750 options to purchase common stock at an exercise price of
$3.50 per share,  expiring on January 7, 2007;  (ii) warrants to purchase 50,000
shares of Common  stock at an  exercise  price of $3.50 per share,  expiring  on
March 1, 2006;  (iii)  warrants to purchase  100,000  shares of common  stock at
<PAGE> 74
$5.00 per share,  expiring on April 14, 2006;  (iv) 30,000  warrants to purchase
common  stock at $5.00 per share an expiring on February 28, 2009 (v) options to
purchase  10,000  shares at $4.03 per share that  expire on January 3, 2011 (VI)
200,000 warrants  exercised at $2.00 per share expiring on November 13, 2007 and
(v) 500 shares of common stock.

(4)  Includes  20,000  warrants  to  purchase  common  stock at $4.00 per share,
originally  expiring  on  January 1, 2003 and was  extended  to January 1, 2008;
25,000 warrants to purchase common stock at $6.50 per share;  25,000 warrants to
purchase  common stock at $8.00 per share,  all expiring on September  12, 2004;
100,000  warrants  exercisable  $2.00 per share  expiring  on August  13,  2007;
200,000 stock options exercisable at $2.75 per share and expiring on December 4,
2013 and 44,316 shares of common stock.

(5)  Includes (i) 20,000  warrants to purchase  common stock at $4.00 per share;
(ii)  warrants to  purchase  25,000  shares of common  stock at $6.50 per share;
(iii) 25,000 warrants to purchase common stock at $8.00 per share,  all expiring
on September  17,  2004;(vi)  100,000  warrants  exercisable  at $2.00 per share
expiring  on August 13,  2007,  (vi) 8,847  shares of common  stock owned by Mr.
Piani (vi) 12,900  shares of common stock owned  jointly by Mr. and Mrs.  Piani;
and (vii) 5000 shares of common stock owned by Mrs. Piani.

(6) Includes (I) warrants to purchase 12,000 shares of common stock at $6.00 per
share,  expiring on August 25,  2008;  (ii) 25,000  warrants to purchase  common
stock at $6.50 per share;  (iii)  25,000  warrants to purchase  common  stock at
$8.00 per share all  expiring on  September  17,  2004;  (iv)  100,000  warrants
exercisable  at $2.00 per share expiring in August 13, 2007 and 34,861 shares of
common stock.

(7)Consists  of 347,446  shares of our common stock owned by Provesan  S.A.,  an
affiliate of  Laboratorios  del Dr. Esteve S.A. Dr. Antoni Esteve is a member of
the executive committee and director of Scientific and Commercial  Operations of
Laboratorios del Dr. Esteve S.A.

(8)  Includes  (i) stock  options to purchase  20,000  shares of common stock at
$3.50 per share;  (ii) 50,000  warrants to  purchase  common  stock at $4.00 per
share; (iii) 10,000 stock options exercisable at $4.03 per share and expiring on
January 3, 2011; 50,000 warrants to purchase common stock at $2.00 per share and
expiring on August 13, 2007 and; (iv) 14,746 shares of common stock.

(9)  Consists  of 5,000  warrants to  purchase  common  stock at $4.00 per share
expiring June 7, 2008; 6,791 stock options exercisable at $3.50 expiring January
22, 2007 20,000  warrants  exercisable at $2.00 per share expiring in August 13,
2007 and options to purchase  10,000  shares of common stock at $ 4.03 per share
expiring on January 3, 2011.

(10)Consist of 12,000 warrants  exercisable at $3.86 per share expiring on April
30, 2005.

      Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

         We have employment  agreements  with certain of our executive  officers
and have granted such  officers and  directors  options and warrants to purchase
our  common  stock,  as  discussed  under  the  headings,  "Item  11.  Executive
Compensation," and "Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management," above.
<PAGE> 75
         Ransom W.  Etheridge,  one of our directors,  is an attorney in private
practice who has rendered  corporate legal services to us from time to time, for
which he has received  fees.  Richard Piani,  another of our director,  lives in
Paris, France and assists our European subsidiary in their dealings with medical
institutions and the European Medical  Evaluation  Authority.  William Mitchell,
M.D.  another of our  directors,  works with David  Strayer,  M.D.  (our Medical
Director) in  establishing  clinical  trial  protocols as well as performs other
scientific  work for us from time to time. For these  services,  these Directors
were paid an aggregate of $100,100 in the year 2003. Mr.  Etheridge was the only
Director to exceed $60,000 for his professional services.

         William A. Carter, our Chief Executive  Officer,  received an aggregate
of $12,106 in short term advances  which were repaid as of December 31, 2002. We
loaned $60,000 to Ransom W.  Etheridge,  one of our directors in November,  2001
for the purpose of  exercising  15,000  class A redeemable  warrants.  This loan
bears  interest  at 6% per  annum.  Dr.  Carter's  short term  advances  and Mr.
Etheridge's loan was approved by the board of Directors.

         We paid $57,750, $33,450, and $18,800 for the years ending December 31,
2001, 2002 and 2003  respectively to Carter Realty for the rent of property used
at various  times in years 2001,  2002 and 2003 by us. The  property is owned by
others and managed by Carter  Realty.  Carter Realty is owned by Robert  Carter,
the brother of William A. Carter.

     Antoni Esteve, one of our directors, is a Member of the Executive Committee
and Director of Scientific and  Commercial  Operations of  Laboratorios  Del Dr.
Esteve S.A. In March 2002, our European subsidiary  Hemispherx S.A. entered into
a Sales and  Distribution  Agreement with  Laboratorios  Del Dr. Esteve S.A. For
more information  about our activities with Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve S.A. see
"European  Operations" in "Our Business"  above. In addition,  in March 2003, we
issued  347,445  shares of our common  stock to  Provesan  SA, an  affiliate  of
Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve S.A., in exchange for 1,000,000 Euros of convertible
preferred equity  certificates of Hemispherx S.A., owned by Laboratorios Del Dr.
Esteve S.A.


ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.


All audit and professional services provided by BDO Seidman, LLP are approved by
the Audit Committee.  The total fees billed by BDO Seidman, LLP were $178,429 in
2002 and $313,992 in 2003.  The following  table shows the aggregate fees billed
to us by BDO Seidman,  LLP for  professional  services  rendered during the year
ended December 31, 2003.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                       <C>                                   <C>

------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             Amount ($)
------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Description of Fees                                         2002                                    2003
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Audit Fees                                                $173,929                                $264,917
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Audit-Related Fees                                          4,500                                   43,580
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Tax Fees                                                     -                                       -
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
All Other Fees                                               -                                       -
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------

------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Total                                                     $178,429                                $308,497
                                                          ========                                ========
------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 76
Audit Fees

Represents fees for professional  services  provided for the audit of our annual
financial  statements  and review of our  financial  statements  included in our
quarterly  reports and services in  connection  with  statutory  and  regulatory
filings.

Audit-Related Fees

Represents  the fees for  assurance  and related  services  that are  reasonably
related to the  performance of the audit or review of our financial  statements,
including those in 2002 and 2003 related to the acquisition of ISI.

The Audit  Committee has determined  that BDO Seidman,  LLP's rendering of these
non-audit  services is compatible with maintaining  auditors  independence.  The
Board of Directors  considers BDO Seidman,  LLP to be well qualified to serve as
our independent public accountants.  The committee also approved the charges for
services performed in 2003.



                                                      PART IV

ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

(a)(1)(2)Financial  Statements and Schedules - See index to financial statements
         on page F-1 of this Annual Report.

(a)(3)   Exhibits - See exhibit index below.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K

During the fourth  quarter of 2003,  we filed the following  Current  Reports on
Form 8-K:

Report dated October 30, 2003,  reporting Item 5. "Other  Events".  No financial
statements were filed with the report.

Report dated October 30, 2003,  reporting Item 5. "Other  Events".  No financial
statements were filed with the report.

Report dated September 12, 2003,  reporting Item 5. "Other Events". No financial
statements were filed with the report.


(c) Except as disclosed in the footnotes, the following exhibits were filed with
the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission as exhibits to the Company's  Form S-1
Registration  Statement  (No.  33-93314)  or  amendments  thereto and are hereby
incorporated by reference:

Exhibit
No.                     Description

2.1 First Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated March 11,  2003,  by and between the
Company and ISI.(1) 2.2 Second Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 11, 2003, by
and between the Company and ISI.(1)
<PAGE> 77
3.1 Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the  Company,  as
amended, along with Certificates of Designations.

3.1.1 Series E Preferred Stock.

3.2 By-laws of Registrant, as amended.

4.1 Specimen certificate representing our Common Stock.

4.2 Rights  Agreement,  dated as of November 19,  2002,  between the Company and
Continental  Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  The Right  Agreement  includes the
Form of  Certificate  of  Designation,  Preferences  and  Rights of the Series A
Junior  Participating  Preferred Stock,  the Form of Rights  Certificate and the
Summary of the Right to Purchase Preferred Stock.(2)

4.3 Form of 6% Convertible Debenture of the Company issued in March 2003.(1)

4.4 Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in March 2003.(1)

4.5 Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in June 2003.(3)

4.6 Form of 6% Convertible Debenture of the Company issued in July 2003.(4)

4.7 Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in July 2003.(4)

4.8 Form of 6% Convertible Debenture of the Company issued in October 2003.(5)

4.9 Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in October 2003.(5)

4.10 Form of 6% Convertible Debenture of the Company issued in January 2004.(6)

4.11 Form of Warrant for Common Stock of the Company issued in January 2004.(6)


10.1 1990 Stock Option Plan.

10.2 1992 Stock Option Plan.

10.3 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

10.4 Form of Confidentiality, Invention and Non-Compete Agreement.

10.5 Form of Clinical Research Agreement.

10.6 Form of Collaboration Agreement.

10.7  Amended and Restated  Employment  Agreement by and between the Company and
Dr. William A. Carter,  dated as of July 1, 1993. (7) 10.8 Employment  Agreement
by and between the Registrant and Robert E. Peterson, dated April 1, 2001.

10.9  License  Agreement  by and  between  the  Company  and The  Johns  Hopkins
University, dated December 31, 1980.

10.10  Technology  Transfer,  Patent License and Supply Agreement by and between
the Company,  Pharmacia LKB Biotechnology Inc.,  Pharmacia P-L Biochemicals Inc.
and E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, dated November 24, 1987.

10.11  Pharmaceutical  Use  Agreement,  by and  between  the  Company and Temple
University, dated August 3, 1988.


10.12  Assignment  and Research  Support  Agreement by and between the  Company,
Hahnemann  University  and Dr. David  Strayer,  Dr.
lsadore Brodsky and Dr. David Gillespie, dated June 30, 1989.


10.13  Lease  Agreement  between the Company and Red Gate Limited
Partnership,  dated  November 1, 1989,  relating to the  Company's
Rockville, Maryland facility.

10.14  Agreement between the Company and Bioclones (Proprietary) Limited.

10.15  Amendment,  dated August 3, 1995, to Agreement between the Company and
Bioclones  (Proprietary)  Limited (contained in Exhibit 10.14).

10.16  Licensing Agreement with Core BioTech Corp.

10.17  Licensing Agreement with BioPro Corp.

10.18  Licensing Agreement with BioAegean Corp.

10.19  Agreement with Esteve.

10.20  Agreement with Accredo (formerly Gentiva) Health Services.

10.21  Agreement with Biovail Corporation International.

10.22  Forbearance  Agreement  dated March 11,  2003,  by and between  ISI,  the
American  National Red Cross and the  Company.(1)

10.23  Forbearance  Agreement
dated March 11, 2003,  by and between  ISI, GP  Strategies  Corporation  and the
Company.(1)
<PAGE> 78
10.24 Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated March 12, 2003, by and
among the Company and the Buyers named  therein.(1)

10.25 Registration  Rights
Agreement,  dated March 12, 2003,  by and among the Company and the Buyers named
therein.(1)

10.26 Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated July 10, 2003, by and
among the Company and the Buyers named  therein.(4)

10.27  Registration  Rights
Agreement,  dated July 10,  2003,  by and among the Company and the Buyers named
therein.(4)

10.28 Securities Purchase Agreement,  dated October 29, 2003, by and
among the Company and the Buyers named  therein.(5)

10.29  Registration  Rights
Agreement, dated October 29, 2003, by and among the Company and the Buyers named
therein.(5)

10.30 Securities Purchase Agreement,  dated January 26, 2004, by and
among the Company and the Buyers named  therein.(6)

10.31  Registration  Rights
Agreement, dated January 26, 2004, by and among the Company and the Buyers named
therein.(6) 10.32 Memorandum of Understanding with Fujisawa. (8)

21     Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23.01  BDO Seidman, LLP consent.(8)

31.1   Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.(8)

31.2   Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 from the  Company's Chief Financial Officer.(8)

32.1   Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 from the  Company's Chief Executive Officer.(8)

32.2   Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 from the  Company's Chief Financial Officer.(8)
------------------------------------------------

     (1) Filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated March 12, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

     (2) Filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission on November 20, 2002
as an exhibit to the Company's  Registration Statement on Form 8-A (No. 0-27072)
and is hereby incorporated by reference.

     (3) Filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated June 27, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

     (4) Filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission as an exhibit to the
Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K (No.  1-13441) dated July 14, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

     (5) Filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission as an exhibit to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated October 30, 2003 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.
<PAGE> 79
     (6) Filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission as an exhibit to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) dated January 27, 2004 and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

     (7) Filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission as an exhibit to the
Company's  quarterly  report on Form 10-Q (No.  1-13441)  for the  period  ended
September 30, 2001 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

     (8) Filed herewith.

<PAGE> 80


SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ William A. Carter
    ---------------------------------------------
        William A. Carter, M.D.
        Chief Executive Officer

March 5, 2004

We, the undersigned officers and directors of Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. hereby
severally  constitute  William A. Carter, our true and lawful attorney with full
power  to  him,  and to him  singly,  to  sign  for us and in our  names  in the
capacities  indicated  below,  any and all  reports  (including  any  amendments
thereto),  with all exhibits  thereto and any and all  documents  in  connection
therewith, and generally do all such thing in our name and on our behalf in such
capacities to enable  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. to comply with the applicable
provision of Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  and all requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Commission,  and we hereby ratify and confirm our
signatures  as they may be  signed  by our said  attorneys,  to any and all such
reports  (including  any Amendments  thereto) and other  documents in connection
therewith.

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
of 1934, as amended,  this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of this Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

/s/ William A. Carter       Chairman of the Board,     March 5, 2004
----------------------      Chief Executive
William A. Carter,M.D.      Officer and Director

/s/ Richard Piani           Director                   March 5, 2004
---------------------
Richard Piani

/s/ Robert E. Peterson      Chief Financial Officer    March 5, 2004
----------------------
Robert E. Peterson

/s/ Ransom Etheridge        Secretary And Director     March 5, 2004
----------------------
Ransom Etheridge

/s/ William Mitchell         Director                  March 5, 2004
---------------------
William Mitchell, M.D., Ph.D.



<PAGE> F1


        HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES

        Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                Page


  Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants. . . . .   F-2

  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2002 and 2003. .  F-3

  Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2003. . . . . . . F-4

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
  and Comprehensive (Loss) for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2003  . . . . . . F-5

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years
  in the three-year period ended December 31, 2003 . . . . . . .F-7

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . .  F-8



<PAGE> F2



               Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.


          We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2003 the
related consolidated  statements of operations,  changes in stockholders' equity
and comprehensive  loss and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended  December  31,  2003.  These  consolidated  financial  statements  are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

          We  conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  auditing   standards
generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance about whether the
financial  statements  are free of  material  misstatement.  An  audit  includes
examining,  on a test basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the  financial  statements.  An audit also  includes  assessing  the  accounting
principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as well as
evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

          In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  referred to
above  present  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the  financial  position of
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2003 and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2003 in conformity with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.



/s/ BDO SEIDMAN, LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 13, 2004


<PAGE> F3


                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
                           December 31, 2002 and 2003
                                 (in thousands)
                                                        December 31,
                                                 ------------------------
                                                    2002          2003
                                                   -------       -------
                                ASSETS
    Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents. . . . .           $ 2,256       $ 3,764
     Short term investments (Note 5). .               555         1,495
     Inventory (Note 3)                                -          2,896
     Accounts and other receivables (Note 15)       1,507           282
     Prepaid expenses and
      other current assets . . . . . .                 71           170
                                                   -------      ---------
       Total current assets . . . . . .             4,389         8,607
     Property and equipment, net . . . .              155            94
     Patent and trademark rights, net. .              995         1,027
     Investment                                       408           408
     Deferred acquisition costs (Note 4)                -         1,546
     Deferred financing costs                           -           393
     Advance receivable (Note 7)                        -         1,300
     Other assets . . . . . . . . .                    93            29
                                                   -------      ---------
       Total assets. . . . . . . . . .           $  6,040      $ 13,404
                                                   =======      =========

                 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
    Current liabilities:
     Accounts payable . . . . . . . . .           $   786        $  488
     Accrued expenses (Note 6). . . . .               678         1,119

                                                   -------      ---------
        Total current liabilities . . .             1,464         1,607
                                                   -------      ---------
    Long-Term Debt-net of current portion (Note 7)      -         2,058
    Commitments and contingencies
     (Notes 10, 12, 13 and 15)

    Minority Interest in subsidiary (Note 8c)         946             -
    Redeemable common stock (Note 4)                    -           491

    Stockholders' equity
     (Note 8):
    Common stock. . . . . . . . . . .                  33            39
    Additional paid-in capital. . . .             107,155       123,054
    Accumulated other comprehensive
      income  . . . . . . . . .                        35             -
    Accumulated deficit . . . . . . . .           (99,073)     (113,843)
    Treasury stock  . . . . . . . . . .            (4,520)           (2)
                                                  --------    ----------
        Total stockholders' equity. . .             3,630          9,248
                                                   --------   ----------
        Total liabilities and
         stockholders' equity . . . . .          $  6,040      $  13,404
                                                   ========   ==========


  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE> F4


                 HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
            Consolidated  Statements of Operations For each of the years
                in the three-year period ended December 31, 2003
                (in thousands, except share and per share data)



                                                        December 31,
                                              ---------------------------------
                                               2001       2002         2003
 Revenues:                                    -------    -------       ------
   Sales of product net                        $ -       $  -            $509
   Clinical treatment programs . . . . . .        390         341         148
  License Fee income (Note 12)                      -         563           -
                                              -------      -------     ------
 Total Revenues:                                  390         904         657
  Costs and expenses:
   Production/cost of goods sold . . .              -           -         502
   Research and development . . . .             5,780       4,946       3,150
    General and
       administrative . . . . . . .             3,412       2,015       4,257
                                              -------      -------    -------
  Total costs and expenses . . .                9,192       6,961       7,909
Equity loss and write offs of
investments in unconsolidated
affiliates (Note 2c)                             (565)     (1,470)          -
Interest and other income . . . .                 284         103          80
Interest expense                                    -           -        (253)
Financing costs (Note 7)                            -           -      (7,345)
                                              -------      -------      -------

      Net loss. . . . . . . . . . .          $ (9,083)     $(7,424)  $ (14,770)
                                              ========     ========    ========


  Basic and diluted loss per share. .           $(.29)       $(.23)     $ (.42)
                                               =======      ========   ========

  Weighted average shares
     outstanding. . . . . . . . . .          31,433,208   32,085,776  35,234,526
                                             ==========   ========== ===========


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE> F5
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                              HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                          Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive (loss)
                                For each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2003

                                                   (in thousands except share data)
<S>                                             <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>      <C>      <C>
                                             Common     Common    Additional Accumulated                                 Total
                                             Stock      Stock.001 paid-in    other         Accumulated Treasury Treasury stockholder
                                             Shares     Par Value capital    Comprehensive deficit     stock    Stock    equity
                                             ------      ------   -------    Income (loss)             shares
                                                                             ------------- ----------- -------- -------- ----------
Balance at December 31, 2000                 30,367,888  $30      $97,984     $34          $(82,566)   395,646  $(3,910)  $11,572
Common stock issued                           2,155,900    3        8,072        -              -          -        -       8,075
Purchase of equity investment                    12,000    -           72        -              -          -        -          72
Treasury stock purchased                          -        -          -         -               -      120,060     (560)     (560)
Note issued for purchase of stock                 -        -          (60)       -              -          -        -         (60)
Stock  issued in settlement of debt              21,198    -           91        -              -          -        -          91
Stock and stock warrant compensation expense     19,000    -          673        -              -          -        -         673
Net comprehensive (loss)                                                      (17)           (9,083)                       (9,100)
                                             ----------  -----    --------   ------------  ----------- -------- -------- ----------

Balance at December 31, 2001                 32,575,986    33     106,832      17           (91,649)   515,706   (4,470)   10,763
Common stock  issued                             25,800    -           37      -                -          -         -         37
Treasury stock Purchased                          -        -           -        -               -       27,500      (50)      (50)
Stock issued in settlement of debt               48,392    -          154      -                -          -         -        154
Stock and stock warrant compensation expense      -        -          132      -                -          -         -        132
Net comprehensive (loss)                                                       18            (7,424)                       (7,406)
                                              ---------   -----   ---------  ------------  ---------- -------- --------- ----------

Balance at December 31, 2002                 32,650,178    33     107,155      35           (99,073)   543,206    (4,520)   3,630

Debt conversion and interest payments         4,334,916     4       6,741                                                   6,745
Fair value ascribed to debenture beneficial
conversion features and
related warrants issued                                             9,363                                                   9,363
Warrants exercised                              790,745     1       1,234                                                   1,235
Common stock issued in connection with ISI
acquisition (Note 4)                          1,068,789     1       1,667                                                   1,668
Reclassification of redeemable Common Stock
in connection with ISI
acquisition (Note 4)                                                 (491)                                                   (491)
Treasury stock purchased                                                                                43,000       (83)     (83)
Treasury Stock retired                         (339,543)           (4,272)                            (339,543)    4,144     (128)
Conversion of minority interest of
subsidiary into common stock (Note (8c )        347,445               946                                                     946
Stock issued in settlement of debt              215,047               474                             (246,220)      457      931
Stock warrant compensation expense                                    237                                                     237
Net comprehensive loss                                                        (35)         (14,770)                       (14,805)
                                             ----------   ---      --------   ---        ----------   --------      -----   ======
Balance December 31, 2003                    39,067,577   $39     $123,054   $ -         $(113,843)        443      $ (2)  $9,248
                                             ==========   ===      ========   ===        ==========   ========      =====   ======

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>


<PAGE> F6


                   HEMISPHERx BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                         Consolidated Statements of Cash
              Flows for each of the years in the three-year period
                             ended December 31, 2003
                                  (in thousands)


                                                        December 31,
                                              -----------------------------
                                              2001        2002          2003
                                              ------     ------       ------

Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $(9,083)      $(7,424)  $ (14,770)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net
cash used in operating activities:
  Depreciation of property
   and equipment. . . . . . . . . . .           127            91          80
  Amortization of patent and
   trademark rights . . . . . . . .             397           206         122
  Amortization of deferred financing costs. . .  -             -        7,345
  Equity loss and write offs of investments
            in unconsolidated affiliates. .     565         1,470          -
  Stock option and warrant compensation and
    service expense . . . . . . . . .           673           132         237
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
   Inventory . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         -            -        (1,429)
   Accounts and other receivables. . . . . . .   52        (1,293)      1,225
   Prepaid expenses
        and other current assets. . .           202           104         (98)
   Accounts payable . . . . . . . . .          (271)          (67)       (298)
   Accrued expenses . . . . . . . . .           139           385         558
   Other assets. . . . . . . . .                (82)          (13)          6
                                            --------     ---------    --------
   Net cash used in
      operating activities. . . . . .        (7,281)       (6,409)     (7,022)
                                            ---------     ---------   --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchase of property and equipment .            -             -          (19)
 Additions to patent and trademark rights .    (218)         (176)       (154)
 Maturity of short term investments .         4,613         5,293         520
 Purchase of short term investments.         (5,293)         (520)     (1,496)
 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates       (22)           -            -
 Deferred acquisition cost. . . . . .            -             -         (638)
                                            --------      ---------   --------
    Net cash (used in) provided by investing
    activities. .                              (920)       4,597      (1,787)
                                            --------      ---------   --------

<PAGE> F7


                                   (CONTINUED)


                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                (in thousands)
                                                       December 31,
                                            -------------------------------
                                              2001        2002      2003
                                             ------      ------    ------
Cash flows from financing activities:
 Proceeds from stock subscriptions and issuance
          of common stock, net. . . .        $  72       $ 65          -
 Deferred financing costs . . . . . .            -          -        (835)
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
          certificates of Subsidiary             -        946          -
 Proceeds from long-term borrowing . . .         -          -      11,300
 Advance receivable                              -          -      (1,300)
 Proceeds from exercise of
             stock warrants . . . . .        8,075          -       1,235
 Purchase of treasury stock . . . . .         (560)       (50)        (83)
                                           ----------  ---------    -------
     Net cash provided by
      financing activities. . . . . .        7,587        961      10,317
                                            --------   ----------   -------
     Net increase (decrease) in cash and
      cash equivalents. . . . . . . .         (614)      (851)      1,508
Cash and cash equivalents at
             beginning of year. . . .        3,721      3,107       2,256
                                           ----------   --------    -------
Cash and cash equivalents
                   at end of year . .      $ 3,107     $2,256      $3,764
                                           ==========   ========    =======
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Issuance of common stock
      for accrued expenses. . . . . .      $    91     $   154     $  931
                                           ==========   ========    =======
Issuance of common stock
      for note receivable . . . . . .      $    60     $    -      $   -
Issuance of Common Stock for               ==========   ========    =======
Acquisition of ISI assets, including
deferred acquisition  costs                $     -     $   -       $1,668
                                           ==========   ========    =======

Common Stock Issued for Compensation       $   637     $  132      $  237
Issuance of Common Stock for               =========    ========    =======
Debt Conversion and Interest Payments      $    -      $   -       $6,741
                                           =========    ========    =======
Common Stock Issued for Conversion of
Minority Interest in Subsidiary            $    -      $   -       $  946
                                           =========    ========    =======

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE> F8


                   HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(1) Business


Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc. and subsidiaries  (the Company) is a pharmaceutical
company using nucleic acid technologies to develop therapeutic  products for the
treatment of viral diseases and certain  cancers.  The Company's drug technology
uses specially configured ribonucleic acid (RNA). The Company's  double-stranded
RNA drug product,  trademarked Ampligen(R), is in human clinical development for
various   therapeutic   indications.   The  potential  efficacy  and  safety  of
Ampligen(R)  is being  evaluated  clinically for three  anti-viral  indications:
myalgic  encephalomyelitis,  also known as chronic fatigue syndrome  ("ME/CFS"),
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) associated disorders, and chronic hepatitis C
(HVC) virus infection. The Company also has clinical experience with Ampligen(R)
used in treating  patients with certain  cancers  including renal cell carcinoma
(kidney  cancer)  and  metastatic  malignant  melanoma.  The  Company  has other
compounds to be evaluated.


On March 11, 2003,  we acquired from  Interferon  Sciences,  Inc.  ("ISI") ISI's
inventory  of ALFERON N  Injection(R),  a  pharmaceutical  product  used for the
treatment  of certain  types of genital  warts,  and a limited  license  for the
production, manufacturing, use, marketing and sale of this product.

On March 11, 2003, we also entered into an agreement to purchase from ISI all of
its rights to the product and other assets related to the product including, but
not limited to, real estate and  machinery.  This  purchase is  contingent on us
receiving appropriate ISI shareholder approval for the real estate transaction.

The consolidated  financial  statements include the financial statements of
Hemispherx  BioPharma,  Inc. and its  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  BioPro  Corp.,
BioAegean  Corp.  and Core BioTech Corp.  which were  incorporated  in September
1994, and are inactive,  and  Hemispherx  Biopharma-Europe  N.V./S.A.  which was
incorporated  in  1998  and  Hemispherx   Biopharma   Europe  S.A.,   which  was
incorporated during 2002. All significant intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.

On May 1, 1997,  the Company  received  permission  from the U.S.  Food and Drug
Administration ("FDA") to recover the cost of Ampligen(R) from patients enrolled
in the Company's  AMP-511  ME/CFS  open-label  treatment  protocol.  The cost of
Ampligen(R)  to the patient is $2,100 for the first eight weeks of treatment and
$2,400 for each additional eight-week period thereafter.

In 1998,  the Company  initiated the  recruitment of clinical  investigators  to
enroll   ME/CFS   patients   in  the   confirmatory   Phase  III  double   blind
placebo-controlled  clinical  study of  Ampligen(R).  This  clinical  trial  was
approved by the FDA in 1998 and is designed to test the safety and efficiency of
Ampligen(R) in treating ME/CFS.

We recently  completed the double-blind  segment of our AMP 516 ME/CFS Phase III
clinical trial for use of  Ampligen(R)  in the treatment of ME/CFS.  Ampligen is
also  currently  in two Phase IIb studies for the  treatment  of HIV to overcome
multi-drug resistance, virus mutation and toxicity associated with current HAART
therapies.  One study, the AMP-719, is a Salvage Therapy,  conducted in the U.S.
and  evaluating  the  potential  synergistic  efficacy of Ampligen in multi-drug
resistant HIV patients for immune enhancement. The second study, the AMP-720, is
a clinical  trial  designed to evaluate the effect of Ampligen  under  Strategic
Treatment Intervention and is also conducted in the U.S.

<PAGE> F9
The ME/CFS Cost Recovery  Treatment  Program in Belgium was started in 1994 with
the approval of the Belgian Regulatory  authorities.  Since its inception,  over
150 patients have  participated in this program.  Clinical data collected in the
treatment  of  these  ME/CFS  patients  will be used to  support  the  Company's
European  Medical  Evaluation  Agency ("EMEA") Drug Approval  Application and in
applications in other  regulatory  jurisdictions.  A similar program underway in
Austria is undergoing expansion.

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

(a) Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents consist of money market  certificates and overnight  repurchase
agreements collateralized by money market securities with original maturities of
less than  three  months,  with  both a cost and fair  value of  $2,256,000  and
$3,764,000 at December 31, 2002 and 2003, respectively.

(b) Short-term Investments

Investments  with original  maturities of more than three months and  marketable
equity securities are considered available for sale. The investments  classified
as available for sale include debt securities and equity  securities  carried at
estimated  fair value of $555,000 and  $1,495,000  at December 31, 2002 and 2003
respectively.  The  unrealized  gains and losses are  recorded as a component of
shareholders' equity.

(c) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates

Investments in companies in which the Company owns 20% or more and not more than
50% are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

Investments in companies in which the Company owns less than 20% of and does not
exercise a  significant  influence  are  accounted  for using the cost method of
accounting.

In 1998,  the Company  invested  $1,074,000  for a 3.3% equity  interest in
R.E.D.  Laboratory ("R.E.D.").  R.E.D. is a privately held biotechnology company
for the development of diagnostic markers for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and other
chronic immune diseases. We have a research collaboration  agreement with R.E.D.
to  assist  in  this  development.  R.E.D.  is  headquartered  in  Belgium.  The
investment was recorded at cost. During the three months ended June 30, 2002 and
December  31,  2002 we  recorded  non-cash  charges  of  $678,000  and  $396,000
respectively,  to  operations  with respect to our  investment  in R.E.D.  These
charges  were  the  result  of our  determination  that  R.E.D.'s  business  and
financial  position had  deteriorated to the point that our investments had been
permanently impaired.

In April, 1999 we acquired a 30% equity position in the California  Institute of
Molecular  Medicine  ("CIMM")  for  $750,000  and  entered  into a research  and
development arrangement.  CIMM'S research is focused on developing therapies for
use in  treating  patients  affected by  Hepatitis C ("HCV").  We use the equity
method of accounting with respect to this investment.  During the fourth quarter
of 2001 we recorded a non-cash charge of $485,000 with respect to our investment
in CIMM. This was a result of our determination  that CIMM's operations have not
yet evolved to the point where the full carrying value of our  investment  could
be supported based on that company's  financial  position and operating results.
During  2002,  CIMM  continued  to  suffer  significant  losses  resulting  in a
deterioration of its financial  condition.  The $485,000 written off during 2001
represented  the  unamortized  balance  of  goodwill  included  as  part  of the
<PAGE> F10
Company's  investment.   Additionally,  during  2001  the  Company  reduced  its
investment  in  CIMM  based  on its  percentage  interest  in  CIMM's  continued
operating  losses.  The Company's  remaining  investment at December 31, 2001 in
CIMM,  representing  its 30%  interest  in CIMM's  equity at such date,  was not
deemed to be permanently  impaired,  but was completely written off during 2002.
Such amount was not material.  These  charges are reflected in the  Consolidated
Statements  of  Operations  under the  caption  "Equity  loss in  unconsolidated
affiliates".  We still  believe  CIMM will  succeed in their  efforts to advance
therapeutic  treatment  of HCV. We believe  that CIMM's  Hepatitis C  diagnostic
technology  has great  promise  and  fills a  long-standing  global  void in the
collective  abilities  to diagnose  and treat  Hepatitis C infection at an early
stage of the disorder.

The Company's investment in Ribotech,  Ltd. is also accounted for using the
equity method of accounting.  The Company  received  24.9% of Ribotech,  Ltd. as
partial compensation under the license agreement described in note 12. Ribotech,
Ltd.  has incurred  net losses  since  inception.  The Company does not share in
those losses in accordance with the licensing  agreement and is not obligated to
fund such losses. The net investment in Ribotech is zero at all year end periods
presented.  During 2000, the Company prepaid $500,000 to Ribotech,  Ltd. for raw
material purchases. $110,000 of materials were delivered in 2000 and the balance
of $390,000 was applied towards the purchase of materials during 2001.

Investments  include  an  initial  equity  investment  of  $290,625  in  Chronix
Biomedical ("Chronix").  Chronix focuses upon the development of diagnostics for
chronic  diseases.  This  initial  investment  was  made in May 31,  2000 by the
issuance of 50,000 shares of Company common stock from the treasury.  On October
12, 2000, the Company issued an additional 50,000 shares of its common stock and
on March 7, 2001 the Company  issued 12,000 more shares of its common stock from
the  treasury to Chronix for an aggregate  equity  investment  of $700,000.  The
percentage ownership in Chronix is approximately 5.4% and is accounted for under
the cost method of  accounting.  During the quarter ended  December 31, 2002, we
recorded  a non cash  charge of  $292,000  with  respect  to our  investment  in
Chronix.  This  impairment  reduces  our  carrying  value to reflect a permanent
decline  in  Chronix's  market  value  based  on its  then  proposed  investment
offerings.

During 2000,  pursuant to a strategic alliance  agreement,  the Company provided
Chronix with $250,000 to conduct  research in an effort to develop  intellectual
property on potential new products for diagnosing and treating  various  chronic
illnesses  including chronic fatigue syndrome.  The strategic alliance agreement
provides the Company certain  royalty rights with respect to certain  diagnostic
technology  developed from this research and a right of first refusal to license
certain  therapeutic  technology  developed from this  research.  The payment of
$250,000 was charged to research and development expense during 2000.

(d) Property and Equipment                           (000 omitted)
                                                      December 31,
                                                      -------------
                                                    2002        2003
                                                   -------   ----------
       Furniture, fixtures, and equipment        $    760   $    779
       Leasehold improvements                          85         85
                                                   -------   ----------
       Total property and equipment                   845        864
       Less accumulated depreciation                  690        770
                                                   -------   ----------
       Property and equipment, net               $    155   $     94
                                                   =======   ==========

Property and equipment consists of furniture,  fixtures,  office equipment,  and
leasehold improvements and is recorded at cost. Depreciation and amortization is
computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated useful lives of the
<PAGE> F11
respective  assets,   ranging  from  five  to  seven  years.   Depreciation  and
amortization expense was $127,000,  $91,000 and $80,000 for 2001, 2002 and 2003,
respectively. In 2002, fully depreciated equipment in the amount of $418,000 and
fully depreciated leasehold improvements in Europe in the amount of $12,000 were
written-off due to the closing of European offices.

(e) Patent and Trademark Rights

Effective  October 1, 2001, the Company adopted a 17 year estimated  useful life
for  amortization of its patent and trademark rights in order to more accurately
reflect their useful life.  Prior to October 1, 2001, the Company was using a 10
year estimated  useful life. The adoption of the 17 year life has been accounted
for as a change in accounting estimate.

Patents  and  trademarks  are  stated  at cost  (primarily  legal  fees) and are
amortized  using the  straight  line  method  over the life of the  assets.  The
Company  reviews its patents and  trademark  rights  periodically  to  determine
whether  they have  continuing  value.  Such review  includes an analysis of the
patent and  trademark's  ultimate  revenue  and  profitability  potential  on an
undiscounted  cash flow basis to support  the  realizability  of its  respective
capitalized cost. Management's review addresses whether each patent continues to
fit into the Company's strategic business plans. During the years ended December
31, 2001,  2002 and 2003,  the Company  decided not to pursue the  technology in
certain  countries for strategic reasons and recorded charges of $38,000 $5,000,
and  $5,000  respectively.  Amortization  expense  was  $359,000,  $201,000  and
$122,000 in 2001, 2002 and 2003,  respectively.  The accumulated amortization as
of December 31, 2002 and 2003 is $2,096,000 and $2,150,000, respectively.

As of December 31, 2003, the weighted average  remaining life of the patents and
trademarks was 8.6 years. Amortization of patents and trademarks for each of the
next five is as follows:  2004 - $96,000, 2005 - $94,000, 2006 - $90,000, 2007 -
$89,000 and 2008 - $87,000.

(f) Revenue and License Fee Income

On March 20, 2002 our European Subsidiary Hemispherx Biopharma Europe, S.A.
("Hemispherx,  S.A.")  entered  into a Sales  and  Distribution  agreement  with
Laboratorios  del Dr.  Esteve  S.A.  ("Esteve").  Pursuant  to the  terms of the
Agreement, Esteve was granted the exclusive right to market Ampligen(R)in Spain,
Portugal and Andorra for the treatment of Myalgic  Encephalitis/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS").  Esteve paid the initial and non refundable fee of 625,000
Euros (approximately $563,000) to Hemispherx S.A. on April 24, 2002.

The  terms  of  the  agreement   granting  the  licensee  marketing  rights  for
Ampligen(R) for the treatment of myalgic/chronic  fatigue syndrome ("ME/CFS") in
Spain,  Portugal and Andorra  require the Company to provide the  licensee  with
technical,  scientific and  commercial  information.  The Company  fulfilled the
requirements  during the first quarter of 2002. The agreement  terms required no
additional performance on the part of the Company.

The  agreement  also  requires the licensee to pay of 1,000,000  Euros after FDA
approval of Ampligen(R) for the treatment of ME/CFS and a fee of 1,000,000 after
issuance in Spain of final marketing approval  authorization for Ampligen(R) for
the treatment of ME/CFS.

Revenues for  non-refundable  license fees are recognized  under the Performance
Method-Expected  Revenue.  This method  considers  the total  amount of expected
revenue  during  the  performance  period,  but  limits  the  amount of  revenue
recognized  in a period to total  non-refundable  cash  received  to date.  This
limitation is appropriate  because future  milestone  payments are contingent on
future events.
<PAGE> F12
Upon receipt, the upfront non-refundable payment is deferred. The non-refundable
upfront  payments plus  non-refundable  payments arising from the achievement of
defined  milestones are recognized as revenue over the performance  period based
on the lesser of (a) percentage of completion or  (b)non-refundable  cash earned
(including the upfront payment).

This method  requires  the  computation  of a ratio of cost  incurred to date to
total expected costs and then apply that ratio to total  expected  revenue.  The
amount  of  revenue  recognized  is  limited  to the total  non-refundable  cash
received to date.

The  percentage  of  expenses  incurred  to date to total  expected  expenses in
connection with the research and development  project,  exceed the percentage of
license  fees  received  compared  to total  license  fees to be earned  per the
agreement. Therefore the amount of revenue recognized by the Company was limited
to the total non-refundable cash received to date of approximately $563,000.

Revenue from the sale of  Ampligen(R)  under cost  recovery  clinical  treatment
protocols  approved by the FDA is  recognized  when the treatment is provided to
the patient.

Revenues from the sale of Alferon N Injection(R) are recognized when the product
is shipped,  as title is transferred  to the customer.  The Company has no other
obligation associated with its products once shipment has occurred.

During the years ending  December  31,  2001,  2002 and 2003 the Company did not
receive any grant monies from local, state and or Federal Agencies.

(g) Net Loss Per Share

Basic and  diluted  net loss per share is computed  using the  weighted  average
number of shares of common  stock  outstanding  during  the  period.  Equivalent
common shares,  consisting of stock options and warrants,  are excluded from the
calculation of diluted net loss per share since their effect is antidilutive.

(h) Accounting for Income taxes

Deferred income tax assets and  liabilities are determined  based on differences
between  the  financial   statement  reporting  and  tax  bases  of  assets  and
Liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws in effect when
the differences are expected to reverse.  The measurement of deferred income tax
assets is reduced, if necessary,  by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits,
which are not expected to be realized.  The effect on deferred income tax assets
and  liabilities  of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that such
tax rate changes are enacted.

(i) Comprehensive (loss)

Comprehensive  (loss) consists of net loss and net unrealized  gains (losses) on
securities  and is  presented  in the  consolidated  statements  of  changes  in
stockholders' equity and comprehensive (loss).

(j) Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with generally  accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect  the  reported  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of
contingent  assets and  liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting  period.  Actual
results could differ from those estimates.



<PAGE> F13


(k) Foreign currency translations

Assets  and  liabilities  of the  Company's  foreign  operations  are  generally
translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates as of balance sheet date.
Revenues and  expenses  are  translated  at average  exchange  rates during each
period.  Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations
are included in the results of operations as incurred. The resulting translation
adjustments are immaterial for all years presented.

(l) Recent Accounting Standard and Pronouncements:

     In November,  2002,  the FASB issued  Interpretation  No. 45,  "Guarantor's
Accounting  and  Disclosure  Requirements  for  Guarantees,  including  Indirect
Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others" ("Interpretation No. 45").  Interpretation
No. 45 elaborates on the existing  disclosure  requirements for most guarantees,
including loan guarantees  such as standby letters of credit.  It also clarifies
that at the time a company  issues a guarantee,  the company  must  recognize an
initial  liability for the fair market value of the obligations it assumes under
the  guarantee  and must  disclose  that  information  in its interim and annual
financial  statements.  The initial  recognition and  measurement  provisions of
Interpretation  No.  45 apply on a  prospective  basis to  guarantees  issued or
modified after December 31, 2002.  Interpretation  No. 45 did not have an effect
on our financial statements.

         In December 2002, the FASB issued  Statement No. 148,  "Accounting  for
Stock-Based  Compensation-Transition  and  Disclosure",  and  amendment  of FASB
Statement No. 123 ("SFAS").  SFAS 148 amends FASB Statement No. 123,  Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation, to provide alternative method of transition for an
entity  that  voluntarily  changes to the fair  value  based of  accounting  for
stock-based employee  compensation.  It also amends the disclosure provisions of
that Statement to require prominent disclosure about the effects on reported net
income of an entity's  accounting  policy  decisions with respect to stock-based
employee  compensation.  Finally,  this Statement amends  Accounting  Principles
Board ("APB") Opinion No. 28, Interim Financial  Reporting to require disclosure
about those effects in interim financial information.  SFAS 148 is effective for
financial  statements  for fiscal  years ending  after  December  15, 2002.  The
Company  will  continue  to  account  for  stock-based  compensation  using  the
intrinsic  value method of APB Opinion No. 25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to
Employees, "but has adopted the enhanced disclosure requirements of SFAS 148.

         In January 2003, the FASB issued  Interpretation No. 46, "Consolidation
of Variable  Interest  Entities"  ("Interpretation  No. 46"), that clarifies the
application  of  Accounting  Research  Bulletin No. 51,  Consolidated  Financial
Statements,  "to certain  entities  in which  equity  investors  do not have the
characteristics  of a controlling  financial  interest or do not have sufficient
equity at risk for the  entity to  finance  its  activities  without  additional
subordinated  financial  support from other  parties.  Interpretation  No. 46 is
applicable  immediately for variable interest entities created after January 31,
2003.  For variable  interest  entities  created prior to January 31, 2003,  the
provision of  Interpretation  No. 46 have been  deferred to the first quarter of
2004. This  Interpretation did not have an effect on the consolidated  financial
statements.

         In May 2003, the FASB issued Statement No. 150, "Accounting for Certain
Financial  Instruments  with  Characteristics  of both  Liabilities  and Equity"
("SFAS  150").  SFAS 150  requires  an  issuer  to  classify  certain  financial
instruments,  such as mandatory  redeemable shares and obligations to repurchase
the issuers  equity  shares,  as  liabilities.  The  guidance is  effective  for
financial  instruments entered into or modified subsequent to May 31, 2003, and
<PAGE> F14
is otherwise  effective at the beginning of the first interim  period after June
15, 2003. SFAS 150 did not have an impact on our financial  condition or results
of operations.

(m) Research and Development Costs

Research and development related to both future and present products are charged
to operation as incurred.

(n) Stock Based Compensation

The Company follows Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 123,
"Accounting  for  Stock-Based   Compensation."  We  chose  to  apply  Accounting
Principal Board Opinion 25 and related  interpretations  in accounting for stock
options granted to our employees.  The Company provides pro forma disclosures of
compensation  expense  under  the fair  market  value  method  of SFAS No.  123,
"Accounting for  Stock-Based  Compensation,"  and SFAS No. 148,  "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure."

The weighted average assumptions used for the years presented are as follows:

                                                    December 31,
                                      2001             2002              2003
                                      ----             ----              ----

Risk-free interest rate               4.23%            5.23%            5.23%
Expected dividend yield                 -               -                -
Expected lives                        3.0 yrs          2.5 yrs          2.5 yrs
Expected volatility                  74.9%            63.17%           98.07%

Had  compensation  cost for the Company's  option plan been determined using the
fair value method at the grant dates,  the effect on the  Company's net loss and
loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2001,  2002, and 2003 would have
been as follows:

                               (In Thousands except for per share data)

For the years ended December 31,     2001           2002          2003
--------------------------------
                                    ------         ------      -------
  Net (loss)as reported            $(9,083)      $(7,424)    $ (14,770)


  Add: Stock based compensation
  included in net loss as reported,
  net of related tax effects         -               -             -

  Deduct: Stock based compensation
  determined under fair value based
  method for all awards, net of
  related tax effects                (632)       (1,085)       (1,825)
                                    --------------------------------------


  Pro forma - net loss            $(9,715)      $(8,509)      $ (16,595)
                                    =======================================

  Basic and diluted loss
  per share - as reported           $(.29)        $(.23)        $ (.42)
                                    =======================================

  Basic and diluted loss
  per share - pro forma             $(.31)        $(.27)        $ (.47)
                                    =======================================

<PAGE> F15
For stock warrants granted to non-employees,  the Company measures fair value of
the equity instruments  utilizing the Black-Scholes method if that value is more
reliably  measurable  than  the  fair  value  of the  consideration  or  service
received. The Company amortizes such cost over the related period of service.

The exercise  price of all stock  warrants  granted was equal to the fair market
value of the  underlying  common  stock as  defined by APB 25 on the date of the
grant.

(0)  Accounts Receivable

Concentration  of credit risk, with respect to accounts  receivable,  is limited
due to the Company's  credit  evaluation  process.  The Company does not require
collateral on its receivables.  The Company's  receivables  primarily consist of
amounts due from the wholesale drug companies as of December 31, 2003.

(3)    Inventories

The Company uses the lower of first-in, first-out ("FIFO") cost or market method
of accounting for inventory.

Inventories consist of the following:

                                            December 31, 2003
                                            -----------------
Raw materials and work in process                 $1,729

Finished goods                                     1,167
                                                  -------
                                                  $2,896
                                                  =======

(4)    ACQUISITION OF ASSETS OF INTEFERON SCIENCES, INC.

On March  11,  2003,  we  acquired  from  Interferon  Sciences,  Inc.'s  ("ISI")
inventory  of  ALFERON  N  Injection,  a  pharmaceutical  product  used  for the
treatment  of certain  types of genital  warts,  and a limited  license  for the
production,   manufacture,   use,  marketing  and  sale  of  this  product.   As
consideration,  we issued  487,028 shares of our common stock,  assumed  certain
liabilities  and agreed to pay ISI 6% of the net sales of  product.  Pursuant to
our  agreements  with ISI, we have  registered  the foregoing  shares for public
sale.

Except for 62,500 of the shares  issued to ISI,  we have  guaranteed  the market
value of the shares retained by ISI as of March 11, 2005, the termination  date,
to be $1.59 per share. ISI is permitted to periodically  sell certain amounts of
its  shares.  If,  within 30 days  after the  termination  date,  holders of the
guaranteed  shares request that we honor the guarantee,  we will be obligated to
reacquire the holders' remaining guaranteed shares and pay the holders $1.59 per
share for a total of $675,000. Accordingly,  certain shares issued in connection
with this transaction were initially recorded as redeemable common stock outside
of  stockholders'  equity.  As of February  10,  2004,  ISI had sold the 427,528
guaranteed shares at prices in excess of $1.59 per share.

On March 11, 2003, we also entered into an agreement to purchase from ISI all of
its rights to the product and other assets related to the product including, but
not limited to, real estate and machinery.  For these assets, we agreed to issue
<PAGE> F16
to ISI an  additional  487,028  shares and to issue  314,465  shares and 267,296
shares,  respectively to The American National Red Cross and GP Strategies,  two
creditors  of ISI, to continue to pay  royalties of 6% on net sales of Alferon N
and other  consideration,  e.g.,  paying off a third  creditor and paying a real
estate tax liability.

On May 30, 2003, we issued the shares to GP Strategies and the American National
Red Cross. Pursuant to our agreements with ISI and these two creditors,  we have
agreed to register the foregoing  shares for public sale. The acquisition of the
real  estate and  machinery  is  contingent  on our  receiving  appropriate  ISI
stockholder approval.  The value of these guaranteed shares totaled $925,000 and
these shares are  redeemable  under certain  conditions,  accordingly  they were
initially reflected as redeemable common stock and deferred acquisition costs on
the  accompanying  financial  statements as of December 31, 2003. As of February
10,  2004 GP  Strategies  had sold  their  247,296  shares.  Additionally  other
liabilities  associated with the real estate in the amount of $621,000 have been
recorded as deferred  acquisition  costs.  It is expected  that ISI  stockholder
approval will be obtained in March 2004 with  substantially the entire amount of
the deferred purchase price being allocated to real estate.

As of December 31, 2003 all but 314,465  guaranteed  shares had been sold.  As a
result, the remaining liability for redeemable stock was $491,000.

Except for 62,500 of the  487,028  shares to be issued to ISI at closing of this
second  asset  acquisition,  we have  guaranteed  the market value of the shares
retained  by ISI on terms  substantially  similar  to those  for the  guaranteed
shares  issued to ISI on the first  acquisition  of ISI assets.  Pursuant to our
agreement with ISI, we plan to register the foregoing shares for public sale.

We will  account for these  transactions  as a Business  Combination  under
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  ("SFAS") No. 141  Accounting  for
Business Combinations.

As a result of the first agreement, the following table summarizes the estimated
fair value of the  assets and  liabilities  assumed at the  initial  acquisition
date.

                                At March 11, 2003

Inventory                           $1,840,762

Fair Value of liabilities
Assumed                             (1,081,041)
                                    ----------
Fair Value of Common Shares
Issued                                $759,721
                                    ==========

The following table  represents the Unaudited pro forma results of operations as
though the acquisition,  described in the first agreement, of certain net assets
of ISI occurred on January 1, 2002.

                                         Years Ended December 31,

                                       2002                    2003
                                       ----                    ----
                                     (in thousands except for share data)

Net revenues                         $2,830                    $899
Expenses                            (14,699)                (16,215)
                                    --------                 -------

Net Loss                           $(11,869)               $(15,316)
                                    =========                ========

Basic and diluted loss per share     $(.36)                  $(.43)
                                     ======                   =======

Weighted average shares outstanding 32,572,804              35,326,594
                                   ===========              ===========
<PAGE> F17
In giving  effect to the  additional  shares that would be issued as a result of
the second agreement with ISI the weighted average shares outstanding during the
Years  Ending  December  31,  2002 and  2003  would  have  been  33,641,593  and
36,055,994  resulting  in a pro forma loss per share as  adjusted  of $(.36) and
$(.45) for said periods respectively.

(5) Short-term investments:

Securities  classified  as  available  for  sale  consisted  of  General  Motors
commercial  paper at December  31, 2003 where its cost  approximated  its market
value of $1,495,000 and matures in April and May 2004, and Calamos Mutual Market
at December 31, 2002 where its carrying  value of $555,000  exceeded its cost by
$34,000.

(6) Accrued Expenses

Accrued expenses at December 31, 2002 and 2003 consists of the following:

                                                   (000's omitted)
                                                     December 31,
                                                    --------------
                                                    2002       2003
                                                   -----      ------
Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $  6       $   366
Interest                                             -           158
Commissions and royalties                            -           100
Professional fees                                    -           126
Other expenses . . . . . . . . . .                  222          369
Fees associated with litigation settlement.         450           -
                                                 ------       -------
                                                  $ 678      $ 1,119
                                                 ======       =======

(7)    Debenture Financing

On March 12, 2003, we issued an aggregate of  $5,426,000 in principal  amount of
6% Senior Convertible  Debentures due January 2005 (the "March  Debentures") and
an aggregate of 743,288  warrants to two  investors in a private  placement  for
aggregate proceeds of $4,650,000. Pursuant to the terms of the March Debentures,
$1,550,000  of the proceeds from the sale of the March  Debentures  were to have
been held back and  released to us if, and only if, we acquired  ISI's  facility
within a set timeframe. Although we had not acquired ISI's facility, these funds
were released to us in June 2003. The March Debentures were to mature on January
31, 2005 with interest at 6% per annum, payable quarterly in cash or, subject to
satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock
issued to the investors as payment of interest were valued at 95% of the average
closing  price of the common stock  during the five  consecutive  business  days
ending on the third business day immediately  preceding the applicable  interest
payment date.  Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the March Debentures,  we
pledged all of our assets, other than our intellectual  property,  as collateral
and were subject to comply with certain financial and negative covenants,  which
include  but was  not  limited  to the  repayment  of  principal  balances  upon
achieving certain revenue milestones.
<PAGE> F18
The March Debentures were convertible at the option of the investors at any time
through January 31, 2005 into shares of our common stock.  The conversion  price
under the March  Debentures was fixed at $1.46 per share,  subject to adjustment
for  anti-dilution  protection  for  issuance  of  common  stock  or  securities
convertible  or  exchangeable  into  common  stock  at a  price  less  than  the
conversion price then in effect.

The investors  also  received  Warrants to acquire at any time through March 12,
2008 an  aggregate  of  743,288  shares of common  stock at a price of $1.68 per
share. On March 12, 2004, the exercise price of the Warrants was to reset to the
lesser of the  exercise  price then in effect or a price equal to the average of
the daily price of the common  stock  between  March 13, 2003 and March 11, 2004
(but in no event less than $1.176 per share).  The exercise price (and the reset
price)  under  the  Warrants  also  was  subject  to  similar   adjustments  for
anti-dilution protection. All of these warrants have been exercised.

We entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the investors in connection
with the issuance of the March  Debentures  and the Warrants.  The  Registration
Rights  Agreement  requires that we register the shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of the  Debentures,  as interest shares under the Debentures and
upon  exercise of the  Warrants.  In  accordance  with this  agreement,  we have
registered these shares for public sale.

As of December 31, 2003 the investors had converted the $5,426,000  principal of
the March  Debentures  into  3,716,438  shares of our  common  stock.  The total
imputed interest on the debenture was $111,711 of which $17,290 was paid in cash
and  $94,421  was paid by the  issuance of 39,080  shares of common  stock.  The
investors exercised the 743,288 warrants in July 2003 which produced proceeds in
the amount of $1,248,724

On July 10, 2003, we issued an aggregate of $5,426,000 in principal amount of 6%
Senior  Convertible  Debentures due July 31, 2005 (the "July Debentures") and an
aggregate of 507,102  Warrants (the "July 2008  Warrants") to the same investors
who  purchased  the March  12,  2003  Debentures,  in a  private  placement  for
aggregate anticipated gross proceeds of $4,650,000. Pursuant to the terms of the
July Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds from the sale of the July Debentures
were to have  been  held  back and will be  released  to us if,  and only if, we
acquired  ISI's facility  within a set  timeframe.  Although we had not acquired
ISI's  facility,  these  funds were  released  to us in October  2003.  The July
Debentures  mature on July 31, 2005 and bear  interest at 6% per annum,  payable
quarterly in cash or,  subject to  satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  common
stock. Any shares of common stock issued to the investors as payment of interest
shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing  price of the common stock during
the five consecutive  business days ending on the third business day immediately
preceding the applicable interest payment date.

The July  Debentures are  convertible at the option of the investors at any time
through  July 31, 2005 into shares of our common  stock.  The  conversion  price
under the July Debentures was fixed at $2.14 per share;  however, as part of the
debenture placement closed on October 29, 2003 (see below), the conversion price
under the July Debentures was lowered to $1.89 per share.  The conversion  price
is subject to adjustment  for  anti-dilution  protection  for issuance of common
stock or securities  convertible  or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price
less than the conversion price then in effect.
<PAGE> F19
The July 2008 Warrants received by the investors,  as amended, are to acquire at
any time  commencing  on July 26, 2004 through  January 31, 2009 an aggregate of
507,102 shares of common stock at a price of $2.46 per share.  On July 10, 2004,
the exercise  price of these July 2008  Warrants will reset to the lesser of the
exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the average of the daily price
of the common stock between July 11, 2003 and July 9, 2004 (but in no event less
than $2.14 per share).  The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the July
2008  Warrants  also  is  subject  to  similar   adjustments  for  anti-dilution
protection.

We entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the investors in connection
with  the  issuance  of the July  Debentures  and the July  2008  Warrants.  The
Registration Rights Agreement requires that we register on behalf of the holders
the shares of common  stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of the  Debentures,  as
interest  shares  under  the  Debentures  and upon  exercise  of the  July  2008
Warrants. These shares have been registered for public sale.

On June 25, 2003,  we issued to each of the March 12, 2003  Debenture  holders a
warrant to acquire at any time  through  June 25, 2008 an  aggregate  of 500,000
shares of common  stock at a price of $2.40 per  share.  On June 25,  2004,  the
exercise  price of these  June 2008  Warrants  will  reset to the  lesser of the
exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the average of the daily price
of the common  stock  between  June 26,  2003 and June 24, 2004 (but in no event
less than $1.68 per share).  The exercise  price (and the reset price) under the
June 2008 Warrants also is subject to adjustments for  anti-dilution  protection
similar to those in the July 2008  Warrants.  Pursuant to our agreement with the
Debenture holders, we have registered the shares issuable upon exercise of these
June 2008 Warrants for public sale.

On October 29, 2003, we issued an aggregate of $4,142,357 in principal amount of
6% Senior Convertible Debentures due October 31, 2005 (the "October Debentures")
and an aggregate of 410,134  Warrants (the "October 2008 Warrants") in a private
placement for aggregate  anticipated  gross proceeds of $3,550,000.  Pursuant to
the terms of the October Debentures, $1,550,000 of the proceeds from the sale of
the  October  Debentures  have been held back and will be released to us if, and
only if, we  acquired  ISI's  facility  within 90 days of October  29,  2003 and
provide  a  mortgage  on the  facility  as  further  security  for  the  October
Debentures.  The  debenture  holders have extended the deadline to 90 days after
January 26,  2004.  The October  Debentures  mature on October 31, 2005 and bear
interest at 6% per annum,  payable quarterly in cash or, subject to satisfaction
of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the
investors as payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing
price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business  days ending on
the third business day  immediately  preceding the applicable  interest  payment
date.

Upon completing the sale of the October  Debentures,  we received  $3,275,000 in
net proceeds consisting of $1,725,000 from the October Debentures and $1,550,000
that had been withheld from the July Debentures.  As noted above,  $1,550,000 of
the  proceeds  from the  October  Debentures  have been held  back  pending  our
completing the acquisition of the ISI facility.

The October  Debentures  are  convertible  at the option of the investors at any
time through  October 31, 2005 into shares of our common stock.  The  conversion
price  under the  October  Debentures  is fixed at $2.02 per  share,  subject to
adjustment  for  anti-dilution  protection  for  issuance  of  common  stock  or
securities  convertible or  exchangeable  into common stock at a price less than
the conversion price then in effect.
<PAGE> F20
The October 2008 Warrants, as amended,  received by the investors are to acquire
at any time  commencing  on July 26, 2004 through April 30, 2009 an aggregate of
410,134  shares of common  stock at a price of $2.32 per share.  On October  29,
2004, the exercise price of these October 2008 Warrants will reset to the lesser
of the  exercise  price  then in effect or a price  equal to the  average of the
daily price of the common  stock  between  October 29, 2003 and October 27, 2004
(but in no event less than $2.19 per share).  The exercise  price (and the reset
price) under the October 2008  Warrants  also is subject to similar  adjustments
for anti-dilution protection.

We entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the investors in connection
with the issuance of the October  Debentures and the October 2008 Warrants.  The
Registration Rights Agreement requires that we register on behalf of the holders
the shares of common stock issuable upon  conversion of the October  Debentures,
as interest  shares under the October  Debentures  and upon exercise of the 2008
Warrants. If, subject to certain exceptions,  sales of all shares required to be
registered cannot be made pursuant to the registration  statement,  then we will
be required to pay to the investors  their pro rata share of $3,635 for each day
such conditions exist.

On January 26, 2004, we issued an aggregate of $4,000,000 in principal amount of
6% Senior  Convertible  Debentures  due  January  31,  2006 (the  "January  2004
Debentures"), an aggregate of 790,514 warrants (the "2009 Warrants") and 158,103
shares of common stock, and Additional  Investment  Rights (to purchase up to an
additional  $2,000,000 principal amount of January 2004 Debentures commencing in
six months) in a private  placement  for aggregate  anticipated  net proceeds of
$3,695,000.  The  January  2004  Debentures  mature on January 31, 2006 and bear
interest at 6% per annum,  payable quarterly in cash or, subject to satisfaction
of certain  conditions,  common stock.  Any shares of common stock issued to the
investors as payment of interest  shall be valued at 95% of the average  closing
price of the common stock during the five  consecutive  business  days ending on
the third business day  immediately  preceding the applicable  interest  payment
date.  Commencing  six months after  issuance,  the Company is required to start
repaying the then outstanding principal amount under the January 2004 Debentures
in monthly  installments  amortized  over 18 months in cash or, at the Company's
option,  in shares of common  stock.  Any shares of common  stock  issued to the
investors as installment  payments shall be valued at 95% of the average closing
price of the common stock during the 10-day  trading  period  commencing  on and
including  the  eleventh  trading day  immediately  preceding  the date that the
installment is due.

The January 2004  Debentures  are  convertible at the option of the investors at
any time  through  January  31,  2006  into  shares  of our  common  stock.  The
conversion  price under the January 2004 Debentures is fixed at $2.53 per share,
subject to adjustment for anti-dilution  protection for issuance of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a price less than
the conversion price then in effect.

There are two classes of July 2009 warrants  received by the Investors:  Class A
and Class B. The Class A  warrants  are to acquire  any time from July 26,  2004
through July 26, 2009 an aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common stock at a
price of $3.29 per share. The Class B warrants are to acquire any time from July
26, 2004 through  July 26, 2009 an  aggregate of up to 395,257  shares of common
stock at a price of $5.06 per share.  On January 27, 2005, the exercise price of
these July 2009  Class A and Class B Warrants  will reset to the lesser of their
respective  exercise price then in effect or a price equal to the average of the
daily price of the common  stock  between  January 27, 2004 and January 26, 2005
<PAGE> F21
(but in no event less than  $2.58 per share with  regard to the Class A warrants
and $3.54 per share with regard to the Class B  warrants).  The  exercise  price
(and the reset  price) under the July 2009  Warrants  also is subject to similar
adjustments for anti-dilution protection.

The Company also issued to the investors  Additional  Investment Rights pursuant
to which the investors have the right to acquire up to an additional  $2,000,000
principal  amount of January 2004 Debentures from the Company.  These Debentures
are identical to the January 2004 Debentures except that the conversion price is
$2.58. The Additional  Investment Rights are exercisable  commencing on July 26,
2004 (the  "Trigger"  date) for a period of 90 days from the Trigger  Date or 90
days from the date  which the  registration  statement  registering  the  shares
issuable  upon the  conversion  of the  January  2004  Debentures  to be  issued
pursuant to the Additional Investment Rights is declared effective, whichever is
longer.

The Company entered into a Registration  Rights  Agreement with the investors in
connection  with the  issuance of the January  2004  Debentures  (including  any
Debentures issued pursuant to the Additional Investment Rights), the shares, and
the January 2009 Warrants.  The Registration  Rights Agreement requires that the
Company  register on behalf of the  investors the shares issued to the investors
and 135% of the shares  issuable upon  conversion of the  Debentures  (including
payment of interest thereon) and upon exercise of the January 2009 Warrants.  If
the Registration  Statement containing these shares is not filed within the time
period required by the agreement,  not declared effective within the time period
required by the  agreement  or,  after it is declared  effective  and subject to
certain exceptions, sales of all shares required to be registered thereon cannot
be made pursuant thereto, then we will be required to pay to the investors their
pro rata  share of $3,635  for each day any of the above  conditions  exist with
respect to this Registration Statement.

By  agreement  between the Company  and the  investors,  the date upon which all
warrants  previously issued to the investors may become  exercisable is now July
26,  2004  and the  exercise  periods  of  these  warrants  have  been  extended
accordingly.

By agreement  with  Cardinal  Securities,  LLC, for general  financial  advisory
services and in conjunction with the private debenture placements in March, July
and  October  2003 and in January  2004,  we paid  Cardinal  Securities,  LLC an
investment  banking fee equal to 7% of the investments made by the two Debenture
holders and issued to Cardinal  certain  warrants.  A portion of the  investment
banking  fee was paid with the  issuance of 30,000  shares of our common  stock.
Cardinal  also received  612,500  warrants to purchase  common  stock,  of which
112,500 are exercisable at $1.74 per share, 112,500 are exercisable at $2.57 per
share,  200,000 are  exercisable at $2.50 per share,  87,500 are  exercisable at
$2.42  per share and  100,000  are  exercisable  at $3.04 per  share.  The $1.74
warrants  expire on July 10, 2008, the $2.57 and $2.50 warrants  expire on March
12, 2008, the $2.42  warrants  expire on October 30, 2008 and the $3.04 warrants
expire on January 25,  2009.  By agreement  with  Cardinal,  we have  registered
542,500 shares for public sale and have agreed to register the balance.

In connection  with the debenture  agreements,  we have  outstanding  letters of
credit of $1 Million as additional collateral.

As of December 31, 2003, the investors  have  converted  $6,595,000 of debt from
the March and July  Debentures  into 4,334,916  shares of our common stock.  The
March Debentures have been fully converted.  The remaining  principal balance on
the remaining  debentures is convertible  into shares of our stock at the option
of the investors at any time,  through the maturity  date. In addition,  we have
<PAGE> F22
paid $1,300,000  into the debenture cash  collateral  account as required by the
terms of the October Debentures. The amounts paid through December 31, 2003 have
been  accounted  for as advances  receivable  and are  reflected  as such on the
accompanying  balance sheet as of December 31, 2003. The cash collateral account
provides partial security for repayment of the July and October 2003 and January
2004 Debentures in the event of default.

The March, July, and October 2003 debenture issuances of $5,426,000, $5,426,000,
and  $4,142,357, respectively,  and warrant  issuances,  were  accounted  for in
accordance with EITF 98-5: Accounting for convertible securities with beneficial
conversion  features  or  contingency  adjustable  conversion  and with EITF No.
00-27:  Application of issue No. 98-5 to Certain  convertible  instruments.  The
Company determined the fair values to be ascribed to detachable  warrants issued
with the convertible debentures utilizing the Black-Scholes method.

As a result, the Company recorded debt discounts of approximately  $11.8 million
for the 2003 debenture issuances which, in effect, reduced the carrying value of
our debt. As debt is converted to common stock,  the remaining  unamortized debt
discount is charged to finance costs.  These costs were  initially  deferred and
charged to finance  costs over the life of the  debentures.  As of December  31,
2003,   the  amount  of  debt   discount   amortized  to  finance  cost  totaled
approximately $7.3 million.

Costs  associated  with the financings  aggregated  approximately  $1.3 million.
These costs are also deferred and expensed as finance costs over the life of the
debentures.

Excluding the application of related  accounting  standards,  and remaining debt
discounts of $4.5  million,  the Company's  outstanding  debt as of December 31,
2003 totaled $6.6 million and is due during 2005.


(8) Stockholders' Equity


(a) Preferred Stock

The Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000  shares of $.01 per value preferred
stock with such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined by the
board of directors.  There were no preferred  shares issued and  outstanding  at
December 31, 2002 and 2003.

(b) Common Stock

On July 31, 2003, we had approximately  104,000 shares of our $.001 authorized
shares of $.001 par value  Common  Stock  that were not issued or  reserved  for
issuance. In order to accommodate the shares needed for the July Debenture,  Dr.
Carter,  our Chief Executive Officer and Cardinal Capital,  the placement agent,
agreed that they would not exercise  their  warrants or options unless and until
our stockholders  approved an increase in our authorized  shares of common stock
(see note 11). This action freed up 3,206,650  shares.  One of the proposals for
the annual  meeting of our  stockholders  that was held in September 2003 was an
amendment to our certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized  shares
of common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000 (the "Proposal"). We could not be
assured that the Proposal would be approved.

Our  stockholders  approved an amendment to our corporate  charter at the Annual
Shareholder  meeting  held in  Philadelphia,  PA on  September  10,  2003.  This
amendment increased our authorized shares from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000.
<PAGE> F23
As of December  31, 2002 and 2003,  32,106,972  and  39,067,134  shares,  net of
shares held in the treasury, were outstanding, respectively.


(c)  Minority Shareholder Interest


On March 20, 2002 our European  Subsidiary  Hemispherx  Biopharma  Europe,  S.A.
("Hemispherx,  S.A.")  entered  into a Sales  and  Distribution  agreement  with
Laboratorios  del Dr.  Esteve  S.A.  ("Esteve").  Pursuant  to the  terms of the
Agreement, Esteve was granted the exclusive right to market Ampligen(R) in Spain
Portugal and Andorra for the treatment of Myalgic  Encephalitis/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS").  In addition to other terms and other projected  payments,
Esteve paid an initial and non  refundable  fee of 625,000 Euros  (approximately
$563,000) to Hemispherx  S.A. on April 24, 2002 as the first part of a series of
milestone based payments.

During March 2002,  Hemispherx Biopharma Europe, S.A. (Hemispherx S.A.) was
authorized  to issue up to 22,000,000  Euros of seven  percent (7%)  convertible
preferred  securities.  Such securities will be guaranteed by the parent company
and will be  converted  into a  specified  number of shares of  Hemispherx  S.A.
pursuant to the securities  agreement.  Conversion is to occur on the earlier of
an initial  public  offering of Hemispherx  S.A. on a European stock exchange or
September 30, 2003.

Esteve  purchased   1,000,000  Euros  of  Hemispherx   Biopharma  Europe  S.A.'s
convertible  preferred  equity  certificates  on May 23, 2002.  During 2002, the
terms and conditions of these  securities  were changed so that these  preferred
equity  certificates  could be  converted  into the common  stock of  Hemispherx
Biopharma,  Inc.  (HEB) in the event that a  European  IPO is not  completed  by
September  30,  2003.  The  conversion  rate is to be 300  shares of  Hemispherx
Biopharma,  Inc.'s  common  shares  for each 1,000  Euro  convertible  preferred
certificate. As a result the Company recorded approximately $946,000 as minority
interest in subsidiary on its balance sheet at December 31, 2002.

On  December  18,  2002,  we  proposed  that Esteve  convert  their  convertible
preferred equity certificates into Hemispherx common stock pursuant to the terms
of the agreement and all unpaid dividends at the market price on that conversion
date. On January 9, 2003,  Esteve accepted our proposal and we registered  these
shares for public sale.

On March 13, 2003, we issued  347,445 shares of our common stock to Provesan SA,
an affiliate of Esteve S.A.,  in exchange  for  1,000,000  Euros of  convertible
preferred  equity  certificates  and any  unpaid  dividends.  As a result of the
exchange,  the minority  interest in subsidiary was transferred to stockholders'
equity on such date.

The  contingent  conversion  price  was more than the then  market  value of the
parent  company's  or  subsidiaries'  common  stock  at each  of the  respective
measurement dates. As a result and in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force
(EITF) No. 00-27  "Application  of Issue No. 98-5  (Accounting  for  Convertible
Securities  with  Beneficial  Conversion  Features  or  Contingently  Adjustable
Conversion  Ratios) to Certain  Convertible  Instruments",  the  Company did not
ascribe any value to any contingent conversion feature.


(d) Common Stock Options and Warrants

(i) Stock Options
<PAGE> F24
The 1990 Stock  Option Plan  provides for the grant of options to purchase up to
460,798  shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock to  employees,  directors,  and
officers of the Company and to  consultants,  advisors,  and other persons whose
contributions  are  important to the success of the Company.  The  recipients of
options  granted  under the 1990 Stock Option  Plan,  the number of shares to be
converted  by each  option,  and the  exercise  price,  vesting  terms,  if any,
duration and other terms of each option  shall be  determined  by the  Company's
board of directors or, if delegated by the board, its Compensation Committee. No
option is exercisable more than 10 years and one month from the date as of which
an option  agreement is executed.  These shares  become vested  through  various
periods  not to exceed  four  years  from the date of grant.  The  option  price
represents the fair market value of each underlying share of Common Stock at the
date of grant, based upon the public trading price.

Information  regarding the options  approved by the Board of Directors under the
1990 Stock Option Plan is summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                    ___________2001___________       ___________2002___________              ________2003________
                    --------------------------       --------------------------              --------------------

<S>                 <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>

                                        Weighted                         Weighted                         Weighted
                                        Average                          Average                          Average
                             Option     Exercise              Option     Exercise              Option     Exercise
                             -------                          -------                          -------
                   Shares      Price    Price       Shares    Price      Price       Shares    Price      Price
                   ------      -----    ----------  ------    -----      ----------  ------    -----      -----

Outstanding,
beginning of
year               218,567   $1.06-6.81   $3.45     306,263   $1.06-4.34   $3.58     294,665   $1.06-4.34    $3.50

Granted            94,000      $4.03      $4.03        -          -          -       200,000     $2.75       $2.75

Canceled

                   (6,304)   $4.34-6.81   $5.91    (11,598)   $3.00-4.34   $3.71    (61,531)   $3.80-4.03    $3.97

Exercised             -          -          -          -          -          -          -          -           -
                                                                                        -

Outstanding,
end of year        306,263   $1.06-4.34   $3.58     294,665   $1.06-4.34   $3.57     433,134   $1.06-4.34    $3.10
                   =======                          =======                          =======

Exercisable        234,263   $1.06-4.34   $4.67     252,746   $1.06-4.34   $3.50     433,134   $1.06-4.34    $3.10
                   =======                          =======                          =======

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual       3.57  years                        3.68  years                       3.37 years
life (years)      ===========                        ===========                       ==========


Exercised in
current and
prior years        (37,791)                          (37,791)                          (37,791)
                   ========                          ========                          ========

Available for
future grants      116,744                           128,342                            -0-
                   =======                           =======                            ===

</TABLE>

In December  1992,  the Board of  Directors  approved the 1992 Stock Option Plan
(the 1992 Stock Option Plan) which provides for the grant of options to purchase
up to 92,160 shares of the Company's Common Stock to employees,  directors,  and
officers of the Company and to  consultants,  advisers,  and other persons whose
contributions are important to the success of the Company. The recipients of the
options  granted  under the 1992 Stock Option  Plan,  the number of shares to be
covered by each option, and the exercise price,  vesting terms, if any, duration
and other terms of each option shall be  determined  by the  Company's  board of
directors.  No option is  exercisable  more than 10 years and one month from the
date as of which an option agreement is executed.  To date, no options have been
granted under the 1992 Stock Option Plan.
<PAGE> F25
The Company's  1993 Employee  Stock  Purchase Plan (the 1993 Purchase  Plan) was
approved  by the  board of  directors  in July  1993.  The  outline  of the 1993
Purchase  Plan  provides for the  issuance,  subject to  adjustment  for capital
changes, of an aggregate of 138,240 shares of Common Stock to employees.

The 1993  Purchase Plan is  administered  by the  Compensation  Committee of the
board of directors. Under the 1993 Purchase Plan, Company employees are eligible
to participate in semi-annual plan offerings in which payroll  deductions may be
used to purchase  shares of Common Stock.  The purchase price for such shares is
equal to the lower of 85% of the fair market value of such shares on the date of
grant or 85% of its fair  market  value of such shares on the date such right is
exercised. There have been no offerings under the 1993 Purchase Plan to date and
no shares of Common Stock have been issued thereunder.

During 2003, the Company issued options to acquire 200,000 shares to its general
counsel  under the 1990 plan for  services  rendered.  As a result,  the Company
charged operating expenses in the amount of $237,000.

(ii) Stock warrants


Number of warrants exercisable into shares of common stock
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                    ___________2001___________            ___________2002__________              _______2003_______
                    --------------------------            -------------------------              ------------------

<S>                   <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
                                          Weighted                             Weighted                           Weighted
                                          Average                              Average                            Average
                               Option     Exercise                  Option     Exercise                Option     Exercise
                               -------                              -------                            -------
                   Shares        Price    Price         Shares      Price      Price        Shares     Price      Price
                   ------        -----    -----         ------      -----      ----------   ------     -----      -----

Outstanding                              0                                    0                                  0
beginning of
year             11,624,168    $1.75-12.0   $4.05      6,927,110    $1.75-16.0   $4.77     7,967,810   $1.75-16.0   $3.18

Granted            856,650     $5.00-16,00  $9.89      1,802,000    $2.00-6.00   $2.07     4,623,024   $1.68-2.57   $2.32

Canceled         (3,396,508)   $2.50-4.00   $3.89      (750,000)    $3.50-6.00   $3.72     (276,000)   $4.00-10.00  $6.54

Exercised       (2,157,200)    $1.75-4.00   $3.75      (11,300)     $1.75-7.50   $3.30     (812,038)   $1.68-1.75   $1.69
                -----------                            --------                            ---------

Outstanding                              0                                    0                                  0
end of year       6,927,110    $1.75-16.0   $4.77      7,967,810    $1.75-16.0   $3.18    11,502,796   $1.74-16.0   $3.57
                  =========                            =========                          ==========

Exercisable       6,927,110    $1.75-16.00  $4.77      6,345,810    $1.75-16.00  $3.48     8,635,560   $1.74-16.00  $4.11
                  =========                            =========                           =========

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual
life (years)     4.05 years                           4.03 years                          4.04 years
                 ==========                           ==========                          ==========

Years
exercisable       2002-2006                            2003-2008                           2004-2008
                  =========                            =========                           =========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

The following table summarizes information about stock warrants outstanding at December 31, 2003:

                                                       Exercise price range                                Total
<S>                                          <C>                 <C>                  <C>                   <C>

                                        $1.74-$5.00         $6.00-$9.00         $10.00-$16.00          $1.74-$16.00
                                         ---------- ------------------- --------------------- ---------------------
Outstanding warrants
Number outstanding                        9,545,346           1,357,450               600,000            11,502,796
Weighted average remaining
contractual life(years)
                                               4.84                1.51                  1.46                  4.04
Weighted average exercise price               $2.56               $6.77                $12.33                 $3.57
Exercisable warrants
Number outstanding                        6,678,110           1,357,450               600,000             8,635,560
Weighted average exercise price               $2.70               $6.77                $12.33                 $4.11
</TABLE>

<PAGE> F26
Certain of the stock warrants  outstanding  are subject to adjustments for stock
splits and dividends.

Warrants issued to stockholders

At December 31, 2000, there were 305,160  warrants  remaining.  In 2001,  73,000
were converted to common stock. At December 31, 2001 there were 232,160 warrants
remaining.  In 2002, 10,000 were converted to common stock. At December 31, 2002
and 2003 there were 222,160 warrants remaining.  These warrants have an exercise
price of $3.50 per share and expire in October 2004.

Other stock warrants

In  addition,  the  Company has other  issued  warrants  outstanding  - totaling
11,280,636 which consists of the following:

In November 1994, the Company granted Rule 701 Warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 2,080,000  shares of Common Stock to certain  officers and  directors.  These
Warrants  are  exercisable  at $3.50 per share and,  if not  exercised,  were to
expire in September,  1999. On February 19, 1999 the Board of Directors extended
the  expiration  date for  three  more  years.  In 1999  235,000  warrants  were
exercised and 5,000 warrants were exercised in 2000. At December 31, 2000, there
were  1,840,000  Rule 701 warrants  remaining.  In 2001 20,000 of these warrants
expired,  leaving a balance of 1,820,000 in warrants outstanding at December 31,
2001.  During  2002,  420,000  warrants  expired  and the Company  extended  the
expiration date of the remaining balance of 1,400,000 for a period of five years
to now expire on September 30, 2007. These stock warrants have an exercise price
of $3.50. In accordance with FASB  Interpretation No. 44, Accounting for Certain
Transactions   involving  Stock  Compensation,   no  compensation   expense  was
recognized as the exercise  price at the extension  date exceeded the fair value
of the underlying common stock.

In May 1995,  the Company  and  certain  officers,  directors  and  shareholders
entered into a standby finance agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to
provide an aggregate of  $5,500,000  in financing to the Company  during 1995 in
the event that existing and additional  financing was  insufficient to cover the
cash needs of the Company  through  December 31, 1996. In exchange,  the Company
issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,750,000  shares of Common Stock at
$1.75 per share to the parties.  In 1999,  290,000,  in 2000,  216,500, in 2001,
200,000,  2002,  1,300 and in 2003  35,000  of these  warrants  were  exercised,
leaving a balance of these warrants of 1,415,200. These warrants expire June 30,
2005.

In the years 2001,  2002 and 2003,  the Company  issued  450,000,  25,000 and no
warrants,  respectively,  exclusive of warrants  issued in  connection  with the
Company's 2003 Debenture  issuances (see below), to investment banking firms for
services performed on behalf of the Company.  Accordingly,  the Company recorded
stock  compensation  of 637,000,  133,000 and none for the years 2001,  2002 and
<PAGE> F27
2003,  respectively.  These warrants have various  vesting dates and exercisable
prices  ranging  from  $4.00  to  $16.00  per  share.  1,193,800  warrants  were
outstanding  at December 31, 2002. In 2003,  225,000 of these  warrants  expired
leaving a balance of 968,800  warrants at December 31, 2003.  These warrants are
exercisable in five years from the date of issuance.

In 2001,  2002 and 2003 the  Company  had  non-public  warrants  outstanding  of
2,254,650, 3,701,650 and 5,100,650 respectively.  These warrants are exercisable
at rates of $2.20 to $10.00 per share of common  stock.  The exercise  price was
equal to the fair  market  value of the stock on the date of grant.  During 2003
the company  granted  1,450,000  warrants to employees with an exercise price of
$2.20 for services  performed  and 51,000  warrants  expired.  During 2002,  the
Company granted 1,777,000  warrants to employees for services  performed.  These
warrants have a weighted  average  exercise  price of $2.07 per share,  and have
been  included in the  pro-forma  loss  calculation  in note 2(n).  During 2001,
370,000 of the non public  warrants were exercised and 415,000  expired  without
being  exercised.  2,254,650 of the  non-public  warrants  were  outstanding  at
December 31, 2001.  During  2002,  none of these  warrants  were  exercised  and
750,000  expired.  3,701,650 of the  non-public  warrants  were  outstanding  at
December 31, 2002.  During 2002 the Company also extended the expiration date of
322,000 of these  warrants for a period of five years to now expire in the years
ending 2007 and 2008.  These stock  warrants have exercise  prices  ranging from
$3.50 to $4.00 In accordance  with FASB  Interpretation  No. 44,  Accounting for
Certain Transactions  involving Stock Compensation,  no compensation expense was
recognized as the exercise  price at the extension  date exceeded the fair value
of the underlying common stock.

 In 2003 the company issued warrants to acquire  3,173,024  shares in connection
with the  financing of the purchase of the assets of Interferon  Sciences,  Inc.
During  2003,  777,038 of these  warrants  were  exercised  leaving a balance of
2,395,986 at December 31, 2003.

(e) Stock Repurchase


The  Company's  repurchases  of shares of common stock are recorded as "Treasury
Stock" and result in a reduction of "Stockholders' equity." When treasury shares
are reissued,  the Company uses a first-in,  first-out  method and the excess of
repurchase cost over  reissuance  price is treated as a reduction of "Additional
paid-in  capital." At December  31, 2003 there were 443 shares in the  treasury.
During 2003 most of the then existing  treasury shares were either  re-issued or
retired.

(f) Rights offering

On November 19, 2002, the Board of Directors of Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc. (the
"Company")  declared a dividend  distribution of one Right for each  outstanding
share of Common  Stock to  stockholders  of record at the close of  business  on
November 29, 2002 (the "Record Date"). Each Right entitles the registered holder
to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one  one-hundredth  of a share
(a "Unit") of Series A Junior Participating  Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per
share (the "Series A Preferred  Stock") at a Purchase  Price of $30.00 per Unit,
subject to adjustment.  The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in
a Rights Agreement (the "Rights  Agreement") between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent.

 Initially,   the  Rights  are  attached  to  all  Common   Stock   certificates
representing  shares then outstanding,  and no separate Rights Certificates will
be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Rights Agreement,
<PAGE> F28
the Rights will  separate  from the Common  Stock and a  Distribution  Date will
occur upon the  earlier of (i) 10 days  following a public  announcement  that a
person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an "Acquiring  Person") has
acquired  beneficial  ownership  of 15% or more (or 20% or more for  William  A.
Carter,  M.D.) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "Stock Acquisition
Date"), other than as a result of repurchases of stock by the Company or certain
inadvertent  actions by institutional  or certain other  stockholders or (ii) 10
business  days (or such later date as the Board shall  determine)  following the
commencement  of a tender offer or exchange  offer that would result in a person
or group  becoming an Acquiring  Person.  Until the  Distribution  Date, (i) the
Rights  will  be  evidenced  by  the  Common  Stock  certificates  and  will  be
transferred with and only with such Common Stock  certificates,  (ii) new Common
Stock  certificates  issued  after  the  Record  Date will  contain  a  notation
incorporating  the Rights  Agreement by reference  and (iii) the  surrender  for
transfer of any certificates  for Common Stock  outstanding will also constitute
the transfer of the Rights  associated with the Common Stock represented by such
certificate. Pursuant to the Rights Agreement, the Company reserves the right to
require prior to the  occurrence of a Triggering  Event (as defined below) that,
upon any exercise of Rights,  a number of Rights be exercised so that only whole
shares of Preferred Stock will be issued.

(9) Segment and Related Information

The Company  operates in one segment,  which performs  research and  development
activities related to Ampligen(R) and other drugs under  development,  and sales
and marketing of Alferon(R).

The following  table  presents  revenues by country based on the location of the
use of the product services.


                                 (000's omitted)
                      2001           2002             2003
                    ----------    ----------         --------

United States        $274            $237             $655
Belgium               107              74                2
Other                   9              30                -
                    ------        ----------         -------
                    $ 390           $ 341            $ 657
                    =====         ==========         =======

In addition,  in 2002, the Company  recorded License Fee Income in the amount of
$563,000 from a Company located in Europe.  The Company employs an insignificant
amount of net property and equipment in its foreign operations.


(10) Research, Consulting and Supply Agreements

In  December,   1999,  the  Company  entered  into  an  agreement  with  Biovail
Corporation International ("Biovail").  Biovail is an international full service
pharmaceutical   company   engaged  in  the   formulation,   clinical   testing,
registration and manufacture of drug products  utilizing  advanced drug delivery
systems.  Biovail is  headquartered  in Toronto,  Canada.  The agreement  grants
Biovail the exclusive  distributorship  of the Company's product in the Canadian
territories subject to certain terms and conditions.  In return,  Biovail agrees
to  conduct  certain  pre-marketing  clinical  studies  and  market  development
programs, including without limitation,  expansion of the Emergency Drug Release
<PAGE> F29
Program in Canada with respect to the Company' products.  Biovail agrees to work
with the Company in preparing and filing of a New Drug  Submission with Canadian
Regulatory  Authorities.  Biovail invested $2.25 million in Hemispherx equity at
prices above the then current  market price and agreed to make further  payments
based on reaching certain regulatory milestones.  The Agreement requires Biovail
to  penetrate  certain  market  segments at specific  rates in order to maintain
market exclusivity.


The Company has entered  into  agreements  for  consulting  services,  which are
performed at medical research  institutions and by medical and clinical research
individuals. The Company's obligation to fund these agreements can be terminated
after the initial funding period, which generally ranges from one to three years
or on an as-needed monthly basis. During the year ending December 31, 2001, 2002
and 2003 the Company  incurred  approximately  $595,000,  $395,000  and $389,000
respectively, of consulting service fees under these agreements. These costs are
charged to research and development expense as incurred.


(11) 401(K) Plan

The Company has a defined  contribution plan, entitled the Hemispherx  Biopharma
Employees 401(K) Plan and Trust Agreement (the 401(K) Plan). Full time employees
of the Company are eligible to participate in the 401(K) Plan following one year
of  employment.  Subject to  certain  limitations  imposed by federal  tax laws,
participants  are eligible to  contribute  up to 15% of their salary  (including
bonuses and/or commissions) per annum. Participants' contributions to the 401(K)
Plan may be matched by the Company at a rate determined annually by the Board of
Directors.

Each participant  immediately vests in his or her deferred salary contributions,
while Company  contributions will vest over one year. In 2001, 2002 and 2003 the
Company provided matching  contributions to each employee for up to 6% of annual
pay aggregating $48,000, $38,000 and $34,000 respectively.


(12) Royalties, License, and Employment Agreements

The  Company  also  has  entered  into a  licensing  agreement  with a group  of
individuals  and Hahnemann  University  relating to their  contributions  to the
development of certain compounds, including Ampligen(R), and to obtain exclusive
information  and  regulatory  rights  relating  to these  compounds.  Under this
agreement,  the Company will pay 2% of net sales proceeds of Ampligen(R)  not to
exceed an aggregate amount of $6 million per year through 2005.

In August 1988, the Company entered into a pharmaceutical  use license agreement
with Temple University (the Temple Agreement).  In July, 1994, Temple terminated
the Temple Agreement. In November 1994, the Company filed suit against Temple in
the Superior Court of the State of Delaware seeking a declaratory  judgment that
the agreement was unlawfully terminated by Temple and therefore remained in full
force and effect.  Temple filed a separate  suit  against the Company  seeking a
declaratory   judgment  that  its  agreement   with  the  Company  was  properly
terminated. These legal actions have now been settled. Under the settlement, the
parties have entered into a new pharmaceutical use license agreement (New Temple
Agreement)  that is  equivalent  in duration and scope to the previous  license.
Under the terms of the New  Temple  Agreement,  Temple  granted  the  Company an
exclusive  world-wide  license for the term of the agreement for the  commercial
sale of Oragen  products  using patents and related  technology  held by Temple,
which  license is exclusive  except to the extent  Temple is required to grant a
license to any governmental agency or non-profit  organization as a condition of
<PAGE> F30
funding for research and  development of the patents and technology  licensed to
the Company.

In October 1994, the Company  entered into a licensing  agreement with Bioclones
(Propriety)  Limited  (SAB/Bioclones)  with respect to co-development of various
RNA drugs,  including  Ampligen(R),  for a period  ending  three  years from the
expiration  of the last  licensed  patents.  The  licensing  agreement  provides
SAB/Bioclones with an exclusive  manufacturing and marketing license for certain
southern  hemisphere  countries  (including  certain countries in South America,
Africa and  Australia as well as the United  Kingdom and Ireland  (the  licensed
territory).  In exchange  for these  marketing  and  manufacturing  rights,  the
licensing  agreement provides for: (a) a $3 million cash payment to the Company,
all of which was  received  during the year ended  December  31,  1995;  (b) the
formation and issuance to the Company of 24.9% of the capital stock of Ribotech,
Ltd., a company which developed and operates a new  manufacturing  facility that
produces raw material components of Ampligen(R) and (c) royalties of 6% to 8% of
net sales of the licensed products in the licensed territories as defined, after
the first $50 million of sales.  SAB/Bioclones  will be granted a right of first
refusal to manufacture and supply to the Company licensed  products for not less
than one third of its world-wide sales of Ampligen(R),  excluding  SAB/Bioclones
related sales. In addition,  SAB/Bioclones  will have the right of first refusal
for oral  vaccines in the  licensed  territory.  In 2000,  the  Company  paid to
Ribotech a total of $500,000 for the current and future  purchases  and delivery
of  polymers.  Of the  $500,000  advanced  in 2000,  a balance of  $390,000  was
included in other assets in 2000 and was used for purchases of polymers in 2001.
In 2002, $262,000 was paid to Ribotech for delivery of Polymers.

In October  1994,  the Board of Directors  granted a director of the Company the
right to receive 3% of gross  proceeds  of any  licensing  fees  received by the
Company  pursuant to the  SAB/Bioclones  licensing  agreement,  a fee of .75% of
gross  proceeds in the event that SAB Bioclones  makes a tender offer for all or
substantially  all of the Company's assets,  including a merger,  acquisition or
related  transaction,  and a fee  of 1% on  all  products  manufactured  by  SAB
Bioclones.  The Company may prepay in full its obligation to provide commissions
within a ten year period.

On March 20, 2002, our European  subsidiary  Hemispherx  Biopharma Europe,  S.A.
("Hemispherx  S.A.")  entered  into a  sales  and  Distribution  agreement  with
Laboratories  Del Dr.  Esteve  S.A.  ("Esteve").  Pursuant  to the  terms of the
agreement,  Esteve was  granted the  exclusive  right to market  Ampligen(R)  in
Spain,  Portugal  and  Andorra  for the  treatment  of  Myalgic/Chronic  Fatigue
Syndrome  ("ME/CFS").  In addition to other terms and other projected  payments,
Esteve paid an initial and  non-refundable  fee of 625,000 Euros  (approximately
$563,000)  to  Hemispherx  S.A.  on April  24,  2002.  Esteve is to pay a fee of
1,000,000 Euros after U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approval of Ampligen(R)
for the treatment of ME/CFS and a fee of 1,000,000  Euros upon Spain's  approval
of the final marketing  authorization for using Ampligen(R) for the treatment of
ME/CFS.

In  connection  with the two  agreements  entered  into with ISI, the Company is
obligated  to pay ISI a 6% royalty on the net sales of the  Alferon N  Injection
product.

The Company has contractual  agreements with two of its officers.  The aggregate
annual base compensation  under these contractual  agreements for 2001, 2002 and
2003 was $603,000,  $620,000 and $637,000 respectively.  In addition, certain of
these officers are entitled to receive  performance  bonuses of up to 25% of the
annual base salary (in  addition to the bonuses  described  below).  In 2001 and
2002 no  performance  bonuses were  granted.  In 2003,  bonuses of $266,100 were
granted. In 2001, certain officers were granted warrants and options to purchase
426,650  shares of Common Stock at $4.01 per share.  In 2002,  certain  officers
were granted warrants and option to purchase 1,220,000 shares of common stock at
$2.00 - $4.03 per share. In 2003, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company was
<PAGE> F31
granted  warrants  to  purchase  1,450,000  shares of common  stock at $2.20 per
share. The Chief Executive Officer's  employment  agreement provides for bonuses
based on gross  proceeds  received  by the  Company  from any joint  venture  or
corporate partnering agreement.

In order to facilitate the Company's  need to obtain  financing and prior to our
shareholders approving an amendment to our corporate charter to merge the number
of authorized shares, Dr. Carter, the Company's Chief Executive Officer,  agreed
to waive his right to exercise certain warrants and options unless and until our
shareholder approved an increase in our authorized shares of Common Stock.

In October 2003, in recognition of this action as well as Dr. Carter's prior and
on-going  efforts relating to product  development  securing  critically  needed
financing and the acquisition of a new product line, the Compensation  Committee
determined  that Dr. Carter be awarded bonus  compensation in 2003 consisting of
$196,636 and a grant of 1,450,000 stock warrants with an exercise price of $2.20
per share. This additional compensation was reviewed by an independent valuation
firm  and  found  to  be  fair  and  reasonable  within  the  context  of  total
compensation  paid to  chief  executive  officers  of  comparable  biotechnology
companies.  These warrants vest upon the earlier of the second ISI Asset closing
or the filing by the Company with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration of a new
drug application. Upon the occurrence of either of these events,the Company will
expense the intrinsic value, if any, of the warrants.


(13) Leases

     The  Company has several  noncancelable  operating  leases for the
space in which its principal offices are located and certain office equipment.



Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases are
as follows:
                                                   (000's omitted)
               Year ending                            Operating
                December 31,                            leases
               -----------                            ---------

           2004. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       286
           2005. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       240
           2006. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       193
           2007. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        65
                                                      ----------
           Total minimum lease payments. . . . . . . .     $ 784
                                                      ==========

Rent expense  charged to operations for the years ended December 31, 2001,  2002
and 2003 amounted to approximately $294,000, $307,000 and $266,000 respectively.
The term of the lease for the Rockville, Maryland facility is through June, 2005
with an average rent of $8,000 per month, plus applicable taxes and charges. The
term of the lease for the Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania  offices is through April,
2007 with an  average  rent of  $15,000  per month,  plus  applicable  taxes and
charges.

<PAGE> F32
(14) Income Taxes

As of December 31, 2003,  the Company has  approximately  $73,000,000 of federal
net  operating  loss  carryforwards  (expiring in the years 2004  through  2024)
available  to  offset  future  federal  taxable  income.  The  Company  also has
approximately $17,000,000 of state net operating loss carryforwards (expiring in
the years 2004 through 2008)  available to offset  future state taxable  income.
The utilization of certain state net operating loss carryforwards may be subject
to annual limitations.

Under  the Tax  Reform  Act of 1986,  the  utilization  of a  corporation's  net
operating loss  carryforward  is limited  following a greater than 50% change in
ownership.  Due to the  Company's  prior and current  equity  transactions,  the
Company's  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  may  be  subject  to  an  annual
limitation  generally  determined by multiplying the value of the Company on the
date of the  ownership  change by the federal  long-term  tax exempt  rate.  Any
unused annual  limitation may be carried forward to future years for the balance
of the net operating loss carryforward period.

Deferred  income  taxes  reflect  the net tax effects of  temporary  differences
between  carrying  amounts of assets and  liabilities  for  financial  reporting
purposes and the carrying amounts used for income tax purposes. In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets,  management  considers  whether it is more
likely than not that some  portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized.  The  realization  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  dependent  upon  the
generation  of future  taxable  income  during the  periods  in which  temporary
differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Due to
the uncertainty of the Company's  ability to realize the benefit of the deferred
tax asset, the deferred tax assets are fully offset by a valuation  allowance at
December 31, 2002 and 2003.


The  components of the net deferred tax asset of December 31, 2002 and 2003
consists of the following:


                                                    (000,s omitted)

Deferred tax assets:                        2002                   2003
                                            ----                   ----
Net operating losses                      $22,440                $24,700
Accrued Expenses and Other                    (16)                    12
Capitalized Research and development costs  3,763                  2,825
                                           ------                 ------
                                           26,187                  27,537
Less: Valuation Allowance                 (26,187)                (27,537)
                                          --------                --------
Balance                                    $ -0-                   $ -0-
                                          ========                ========


(15) Contingencies

On September  30,  1998,  we filed a  multi-count  complaint  against  Manuel P.
Asensio,  Asensio & Company,  Inc.  ("Asensio").  The action  included claims of
defamation,  disparagement,  tortuous interference with existing and prospective
business  relations  and  conspiracy,  arising  out of the  Asensio's  false and
defamatory  statements.  The complaint  further alleged that Asensio defamed and
disparaged  us  in  furtherance  of  a  manipulative,   deceptive  and  unlawful
short-selling  scheme in August and September,  1998. In 1999,  Asensio filed an
answer and  counterclaim  alleging  that in  response to  Asensio's  strong sell
<PAGE> F33
recommendation  and other press releases,  we made defamatory  statements  about
Asensio. We denied the material  allegations of the counterclaim.  In July 2000,
following dismissal in federal court for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, we
transferred  the action to the  Pennsylvania  State  Court.  In March 2001,  the
defendants  responded  to the  complaints  as amended and a trial  commenced  on
January 30, 2002. A jury verdict  disallowed  the claims  against the defendants
for defamation and  disparagement and the court granted us a directed verdict on
the  counterclaim.  On July 2, 2002 the Court entered an order granting us a new
trial against  Asensio for defamation  and  disparagement.  Thereafter,  Asensio
appealed the granting of a new trial. This appeal is now pending in the Superior
Court of Pennsylvania.

In June 2002, a former  ME/CFS  clinical  trial  patient and her husband filed a
claim in the Superior Court of New Jersey,  Middlesex County, against us, one of
our clinical trial  investigators and others alleging that she was harmed in the
ME/CFS  clinical trial as a result of negligence  and breach of  warranties.  We
believe the claim is without  merit and we are  defending  the claim  against us
through our product liability insurance carrier.

In June 2002, a former ME/CFS clinical trial patient in Belgium filed a claim in
Belgium, against Hemispherx Biopharma Europe, NV/SA, our Belgian subsidiary, and
one of our  clinical  trial  investigators  alleging  that she was harmed in the
Belgium  ME/CFS  clinical  trial  as  a  result  of  negligence  and  breach  of
warranties. We believe the claim is without merit and we are defending the claim
against us through our product liability insurance carrier.

In July 2002, we filed suit in the United States  District Court for the Eastern
District of  Pennsylvania  against our insurance  company seeking (1) a judicial
order  declaring our rights and the  obligations of our insurance  carrier under
the insurance  policy our insurance  carrier sold to us (2) monetary  damage for
breach of contract  resulting from our insurance carrier refusal to fully defend
us in connection with the Asensio  litigation (3) monetary damages to compensate
us for our insurance  carrier breach of its fiduciary duty faith and dealing and
(4) monetary  damages,  interest,  cost, and attorneys fees to compensate us for
violation of the  Pennsylvania  Bad Faith Statute.  On March 31, 2003 we settled
our  outstanding  claim with our insurance  carrier for  $1,500,000  relating to
reimbursement  of expenses in connection with our Asensio law suits. We realized
approximately $1,050,000 of this amount after payment of expenses related to the
settlement.  Such  amount  was  recorded  during the  fourth  quarter  2002 as a
reduction in General and Administrative expenses in our statement of operations.

On September 16, 2003, HEB filed and subsequently served and moved for expedited
proceedings  on, a  complaint  filed in the  Court Of  Chancery  of the State of
Delaware,   New  Castle  County,  against  ISI.  The  Complaint  seeks  specific
performance,  and declaratory and injunctive relief related to the Inventory and
Asset  Purchase  Agreements  with ISI.  Specifically,  HEB alleges  that ISI has
delayed its performance  pursuant to the Inventory and Asset Purchase  Agreement
and, as a result,  the Asset Purchase Agreement did not close within 180 days of
the date of the execution of the agreements. Paragraph 7.7 of the Asset Purchase
Agreement  states that either party to the agreement may terminate the agreement
if there  is no  closing  within  180  days of the  date of the  agreement.  HEB
requested  that the Court require ISI to  specifically  perform its  obligations
under the agreement or, in the alternative,  that paragraph 7.7 of the agreement
be  eliminated or reformed to eliminate  ISI's ability to terminate  pursuant to
that paragraph.  HEB also requested that ISI, as a result of its conduct, not be
permitted to terminate the Asset Purchase Agreement pursuant to paragraph 7.7 or
due to the passage of time. At a hearing held on September  29, 2003,  the Court
set a trial of the case for January  6-7,  2004 which has been  postponed at the
request of both  parties  until March 4-5,  2004.  The parties  have agreed that
neither  party shall have the right to terminate  the Asset  Purchase  Agreement
<PAGE> F34
pursuant to paragraph  7.7 until the date which is at least two weeks  following
trial, and only then,  unless the Court has ruled, upon five days written notice
to the other party.

The current court date of March 4 and 5, 2004 will be  rescheduled  to allow for
the ISI  shareholders to meet on March 9, 2004 as now scheduled.  The results of
the Shareholders Meeting and subsequent actions of ISI management will determine
if we proceed with this lawsuit.

(16) Related Party Transactions

We have employment  agreements  with certain of our executive  officers and have
granted  such  officers  and  directors  of the Company  options and warrants to
purchase common stock of the Company, as discussed in Notes 2(n) and 9.

A director of the Company, is an attorney in private practice,  who has rendered
corporate legal services to us from time to time, for which he has received fees
and options to purchase Company stock valued at $237,000 using the Black Scholes
pricing  model and  recorded as stock  compensation  expense.  A Director of the
Company,  lives in Paris, France and assists our European  subsidiaries in their
dealings  with  medical   institutions  and  the  European  Medical   Evaluation
Authority. A Director of the Company,  assists us in establishing clinical trial
protocols as well as performs  other  scientific  work for us from time to time.
For these services, these Directors were paid an aggregate of $144,955, $170,150
and $100,100 for the years ending December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003 respectively.

Through  November  2002,  William  A.  Carter,  Chief  Executive  Officer of the
Company,  received an  aggregate  of $12,106 in short term  advances  which were
repaid as of December 31, 2002. All advances bore interest at 6% per annum.  The
Company loaned  $60,000 to, a Director of the Company in November,  2001 for the
purpose  of  exercising  15,000  class A  redeemable  warrants.  This loan bears
interest at 6% per annum.

We paid  $57,750,  $33,450 and $18,800 for the years  ending  December 31, 2001,
2002 and 2003,  respectively  to Carter  Realty for the rent of property used at
various  times in years  2001,  2002 and 2003 by us.  The  property  is owned by
others and managed by Carter  Realty.  Carter Realty is owned by Robert  Carter,
the brother of William A. Carter.

(17) Concentrations of credit risk

Financial  instruments,  which potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk,  consist  principally of cash, cash equivalents and investments.
The Company places its cash with high-quality financial institutions.  At times,
such amount may be in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation insurance
limits of $100,000.


<PAGE> F35



(18) Quarterly Results of Operation (unaudited)
     (in thousand except per share data)

                                                2003          (1)
                              ---------------------------------------------
                         First       Second      Third       Fourth
                        Quarter      Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Total
                        -------      --------    -------     --------   -------
Revenue                   $ 66        $ 94       $ 194        $ 303      $ 657

Costs and expenses       1,658       1,730       1,960        2,561      7,909

Net loss                (1,617)     (3,689)     (5,422)      (4,042)   (14,770)
                        -------     --------    -------     --------   -------
Basic and diluted
   loss per share      $ (.05)      $ (.11)     $ (.15)     $ (.11)    $ (.42)
                        -------     --------    -------     --------   -------

(1) During the fourth quarter 2003, the Company  recorded stock  compensation of
$237,000.


                                              2002 (2)
                              ---------------------------------------------
                         First       Second      Third       Fourth
                        Quarter      Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Total
                        -------      --------    -------     --------   -------
Revenues and license
fee income              $  613         $  134      $   79      $  78   $   904

Costs and expenses       2,121          2,097       1,961        782     6,961

Net loss                (1,488)        (2,634)     (1,891)    (1,411)   (7,424)
                        -------      --------     -------     --------  -------
Basic and diluted
   loss per share        $(.05)         $(.08)      $(.06)     $(.04)    $(.23)
                        -------      --------     -------     --------  -------

(2) During the fourth quarter of 2002,  the Company  recorded write offs of
certain investments in unconsolidated affiliates of approximately $688,000. (See
note  2(c)).  Additionally,  during the  fourth  quarter  of 2002,  the  Company
recorded as a reduction  of general and  administrative  expenses,  an amount of
$1,050,000 representing the net settlement with its insurance carrier. (See Note
12)






<PAGE>



                                                                Exhibit 31.1

      CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

     I, William A. Carter, Chief Executive Officer of Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
(the "Registrant"), certify that:


1.                         I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-KSB
                           of the Registrant;

2.                         Based on my  knowledge,  this report does not contain
                           any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omit to
                           state  a  material   fact   necessary   to  make  the
                           statements made, in light of the circumstances  under
                           which such  statements were made, not misleading with
                           respect to the period covered by this report;

3.                         Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,  and
                           other financial  information included in this report,
                           fairly present in all material respects the financial
                           condition,  results of  operations  and cash flows of
                           the Registrant as of, and for, the periods  presented
                           in this report;

4.                         The Registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s) and I
                           are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining
                           disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as defined in
                           Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(e) and  15d-15(e)) for the
                           Registrant and have:

a.                                  Designed   such   disclosure   controls  and
                                    procedures,   or  caused   such   disclosure
                                    controls and procedures to be designed under
                                    our  supervision,  to ensure  that  material
                                    information   relating  to  the  Registrant,
                                    including its consolidated subsidiaries,  is
                                    made  known  to us by  others  within  those
                                    entities,  particularly during the period in
                                    which this report is being prepared;

b.

                                    Evaluated the  effectiveness  of the
                                    Registrant's  disclosure  controls and
                                    procedures  and  presented  in this report
                                    our  conclusions  about the effectiveness
                                    of the disclosure controls and procedures,
                                    as of the end of the period covered by this
                                    report based on such evaluation; and

c.                                  Disclosed  in this  report any change in the
                                    Registrant's internal control over financial
                                    reporting    that   occurred    during   the
                                    Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that
                                    has  materially  affected,  or is reasonably
                                    likely    to    materially    affect,    the
                                    Registrant's internal control over financial
                                    reporting; and


                      5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
                      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
                      control  over  financial  reporting,  to the  Registrant's
                      auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board
                      of  directors  (or  persons   performing   the  equivalent
                      functions):

a.                                  All  significant  deficiencies  and material
                                    weaknesses  in the  design or  operation  of
                                    internal  control over  financial  reporting
                                    which are  reasonably  likely  to  adversely
                                    affect the  Registrant's  ability to record,
                                    process,   summarize  and  report  financial
                                    information; and

b.                                  Any  fraud,  whether or not  material,  that
                                    involves  management or other  employees who
                                    have a significant  role in the Registrant's
                                    internal control over financial reporting.

Date:  March 5, 2004

                                            /s/ William A. Carter
                                            ---------------------
                                            William A. Carter, M.D.
                                            Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>


                                                               Exhibit 31.2

      CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

     I, Robert Peterson,  Chief Financial Officer of Hemispherx Biopharma,  Inc.
(the "Registrant"), certify that:

1.                         I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-KSB
                           of the Registrant;

2.                         Based on my  knowledge,  this report does not contain
                           any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omit to
                           state  a  material   fact   necessary   to  make  the
                           statements made, in light of the circumstances  under
                           which such  statements were made, not misleading with
                           respect to the period covered by this report;

3.                         Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,  and
                           other financial  information included in this report,
                           fairly present in all material respects the financial
                           condition,  results of  operations  and cash flows of
                           the Registrant as of, and for, the periods  presented
                           in this report;

4.                         The Registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s) and I
                           are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining
                           disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as defined in
                           Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(e) and  15d-15(e)) for the
                           Registrant and have:

a.                                  Designed   such   disclosure   controls  and
                                    procedures,   or  caused   such   disclosure
                                    controls and procedures to be designed under
                                    our  supervision,  to ensure  that  material
                                    information   relating  to  the  Registrant,
                                    including its consolidated subsidiaries,  is
                                    made  known  to us by  others  within  those
                                    entities,  particularly during the period in
                                    which this report is being prepared;

b.

                                    Evaluated the  effectiveness  of the
                                    Registrant's  disclosure  controls and
                                    procedures  and  presented  in this report
                                    our  conclusions  about the effectiveness
                                    of the disclosure controls and procedures,
                                    as of the end of the period covered by this
                                    report based on such evaluation; and

c.                                  Disclosed  in this  report any change in the
                                    Registrant's internal control over financial
                                    reporting    that   occurred    during   the
                                    Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that
                                    has  materially  affected,  or is reasonably
                                    likely    to    materially    affect,    the
                                    Registrant's internal control over financial
                                    reporting; and


                      5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
                      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
                      control  over  financial  reporting,  to the  Registrant's
                      auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board
                      of  directors  (or  persons   performing   the  equivalent
                      functions):

a.                                  All  significant  deficiencies  and material
                                    weaknesses  in the  design or  operation  of
                                    internal  control over  financial  reporting
                                    which are  reasonably  likely  to  adversely
                                    affect the  Registrant's  ability to record,
                                    process,   summarize  and  report  financial
                                    information; and

b.                                  Any  fraud,  whether or not  material,  that
                                    involves  management or other  employees who
                                    have a significant  role in the Registrant's
                                    internal control over financial reporting.
Date:  March 5, 2004

                                            /s/ Robert E. Peterson
                                           ------------------------
                                            Robert Peterson
                                            Chief Financial Officer



<PAGE>


                                                                 Exhibit 32.1



                CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



In  connection  with the  Annual  Report  of  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.  (the
"Company")  on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31, 2003 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the  "Report"),
I, William A. Carter, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,  certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that:


          (1) The Report fully complies with the  requirements  of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


          (2) The information  contained in the Report fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and result of  operations of the
Company.




                                               /s/ William A. Carter
                                               --------------------------
                                                William A. Carter, M.D.
                                                Chief Executive Officer
                                                March 5, 2004



<PAGE>


                                                                 Exhibit 32.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002





In  connection  with the  Annual  Report  of  Hemispherx  Biopharma,  Inc.  (the
"Company")  on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31, 2003 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the  "Report"),
I, Robert Peterson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:


          (1) The Report fully complies with the  requirements  of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


          (2) The information  contained in the Report fairly  presents,  in all
material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and result of  operations of the
Company.



                                           /s/ Robert E. Peterson
                                           ---------------------
                                           Robert Peterson
                                           Chief Financial Officer
                                           March 5, 2004




<PAGE>


CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING


Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

We  hereby  consent  to the  incorporation  by  reference  in  the  Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (SEC File No.  333-57134) of our report dated February 13,
2004, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Hemispherx Biopharma,
Inc. and  subsidiaries  for the year ended  December  31, 2003  appearing in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K.



                                                      BDO Seidman, LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
March 12, 2004




















</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
