<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>hump_10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, DC 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

|X|      ANNUAL  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  13 OR  15(d)  OF THE  SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001

|_|      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
         For the transition period from ____________ to _____________

                         Commission File Number: 0-25060

                        HUMPHREY HOSPITALITY TRUST, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                Virginia                                   52-1889548
        (State of Incorporation)                        (I.R.S. employer
                                                       identification no.)

7170 Riverwood Drive, Columbia, MD 21046                 (443) 259-4900
(Address of principal executive offices)         (Registrant's telephone number)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $.01 par value
                                (Title of Class)

                           THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET
                                (Name of Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.
                              YES __X____ NO _______


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |X|

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant  was  approximately  $28,635,000  based on the last sale price in The
Nasdaq National Market for such stock on March 26, 2002.

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding was 11,318,116
as of March 26, 2002.

                       Documents Incorporated by Reference

Portions  of  the  Company's  definitive  proxy  statement  to be  delivered  to
shareholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on
May 23, 2002.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

                                              TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                                                   Form 10-K
                                                                                                     Report
Item No.                                                                                              Page
--------                                                                                              ----

                                                    PART I
<S> <C>
   1.    Description of Business.......................................................................3
   2.    Properties...................................................................................13
   3.    Legal Proceedings............................................................................14
   4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..........................................15

                                                   PART II

   5.    Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
             Shareholder Matters......................................................................16
   6.    Selected Financial Data......................................................................17
   7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
             Condition and Results of Operations......................................................22
   7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk...................................27
   8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..................................................29
   9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.........55

                                                   PART III

   10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant...........................................55
   11.   Executive Compensation.......................................................................55
   12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management...............................55
   13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions...............................................55

                                                   PART IV

   14.   Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K............................55
</TABLE>
                                                      2
<PAGE>

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

       Certain  information  both included and incorporated by reference in this
Form 10-K may contain  forward-looking  statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and
as such may involve  known and unknown  risks,  uncertainties  and other factors
which may cause the actual  results,  performance or achievements of the Company
to be materially  different from future  results,  performance  or  achievements
expressed  or  implied  by  such  forward-looking  statements.   Forward-looking
statements,  which are based on  certain  assumptions  and  describe  our future
plans,  strategies and  expectations  are generally  identifiable  by use of the
words "may," "will," "should," "expect,"  "anticipate,"  "estimate,"  "believe,"
"intend" or  "project" or the negative  thereof or other  variations  thereon or
comparable  terminology.  Factors which could have a material  adverse effect on
the operations and future prospects of the Company include,  but are not limited
to,  changes  in:  economic  conditions  generally  and the real  estate  market
specifically,   legislative/regulatory   changes   (including  changes  to  laws
governing  the  taxation  of real estate  investment  trusts),  availability  of
capital,  risks  associated  with debt financing,  interest rates,  competition,
supply and demand for hotel rooms in the Company's  current and proposed  market
areas,  policies and guidelines  applicable to real estate investment trusts and
other risks and  uncertainties  described in the Company's  filings with the SEC
from time to time,  including ,  specifically,  the  Current  Report on Form 8-K
filed with the SEC on April 2, 2002.  These  risks and  uncertainties  should be
considered   in  evaluating   any   forward-looking   statements   contained  or
incorporated by reference herein.

                                     PART I
Item 1.  Description of Business

(a)    General Development of Business

       Humphrey  Hospitality  Trust,  Inc.  ("HHTI") is a real estate investment
trust  ("REIT") for Federal income tax purposes and was  incorporated  under the
laws of the  Commonwealth of Virginia on August 23, 1994. The common stock,  par
value $.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), began to trade on The Nasdaq National
Market on October 30, 1996.

       On October 26, 1999, HHTI and Supertel  Hospitality,  Inc.  ("Supertel"),
consummated a merger  pursuant to which HHTI exchanged 1.30 shares of its Common
Stock for each outstanding share of Supertel's common stock (the "Merger"). As a
result of the  Merger,  and in  accordance  with the  provisions  of  Accounting
Principles  Board  Opinion  No.  16,  "Business   Combinations,"   Supertel  was
considered   the  acquiring   enterprise  for  financial   reporting   purposes.
Accordingly,  the consolidated  financial  statements herein present  Supertel's
historical  financial  information for periods prior to the Merger. So that HHTI
could  continue  to  qualify as a REIT after the  Merger,  the Merger  agreement
provided for the  shareholders of Supertel to receive a pre-closing  dividend of
Supertel's  accumulated  earnings and profits. The earnings and profits dividend
of $5.13 per share was paid to Supertel  shareholders  on October 25, 1999.  The
boards and shareholders of both companies approved the Merger.

       HHTI, through its wholly owned  subsidiaries,  Humphrey  Hospitality REIT
Trust and E&P REIT  Trust  (collectively,  the  "Company"),  owns a  controlling
interest in Humphrey  Hospitality  Limited Partnership and E&P Financing Limited
Partnership  (collectively,  the  "Partnerships").  As of December 31, 2001, the
Company  owned an  approximately  88% general  partnership  interest in Humphrey
Hospitality  Limited  Partnership  and a 100% interest in E&P Financing  Limited
Partnership.  Humphrey  Hospitality  Limited  Partnership  owns  a  99%  general
partnership  interest and the Company owns a 1% limited partnership  interest in
Solomons Beacon Inn Limited Partnership (the "Subsidiary Partnership").

       As of December 31, 2001, the Company,  through the  Partnerships  and the
Subsidiary  Partnership,  owned 91 limited service hotels (the "Hotels") and one
office  building.  Except for ten properties  held for sale (the "Sale Hotels"),
the Hotels and office building were leased to Humphrey  Hospitality  Management,
Inc. and its wholly owned  subsidiary,  Supertel  Hospitality  Management,  Inc.
(collectively,  the "Lessee" or "HHM") pursuant to leases that provided for base
and percentage rents ("Percentage Leases"). The Sale Hotels are managed by HHM.




                                       3
<PAGE>

(b)      Recent Developments

       In March 2001,  the Company  announced  that it was advised by the Lessee
that the Lessee had incurred, and expected to continue to incur, losses from the
leasing and operation of the Company's Hotels.  The Lessee cited several adverse
factors  giving  rise to the  continued  losses and  requested  relief  from the
Company in the form of  substantial  reductions  in the rent paid to the Company
under the leases.  In the absence of such relief,  the Lessee  indicated that it
would be unable to continue to lease and operate the Hotels.

       In March 2001,  the  Company's  Board of Directors  formed a committee of
independent  directors and engaged an outside  financial advisor to evaluate the
information  it  had  received  from  the  Lessee  and to  explore  alternatives
available to the Company.

       In July 2001,  the Company  announced  that the committee of  independent
directors had completed a review of strategic alternatives, and had approved the
formation of a taxable REIT subsidiary of the Company ("TRS"). Under the Federal
REIT  Modernization  Act (RMA),  which  became  effective  January 1, 2001,  the
Company is  permitted  to lease its hotels to one or more wholly  owned  taxable
REIT subsidiaries.  The Company has formed a wholly owned TRS (the "TRS Lessee")
in accordance  with the RMA.  Under the RMA, the TRS Lessee is required to enter
into management  agreements with an "eligible  independent  contractor" who will
manage hotels leased by the TRS Lessee. Effective December 31, 2001, the Company
entered into a lease termination  agreement (the  "Termination  Agreement") with
HHM, pursuant to which,  among other things, the parties terminated the existing
leases between the Company, as lessor, and HHM, as lessee.  Effective January 1,
2002, (i) the Company,  as lessor,  and the TRS Lessee, as lessee,  entered into
new leases, and (ii) the TRS Lessee entered into a new management agreement (the
"Management  Agreement")  with HHM as to the Hotels owned by the Company and now
leased to the TRS Lessee, pursuant to which HHM will operate all of the Hotels.

       Reference should be made to the agreements filed on the Company's Current
Report  on Form  8-K  filed on  January  15,  2002.  Certain  provisions  of the
Termination  Agreement and the Management  Agreement,  and related matters,  are
summarized below.

Termination Agreement
---------------------

      o     The existing  Percentage Leases between the Company,  as lessor, and
            HHM as lessee, were terminated  effective December 31, 2001, and the
            TRS Lessee and HHM entered into the Management  Agreement  effective
            January 1, 2002.

      o     Other  ancillary   agreements  between  the  Company  and  HHM  were
            terminated  effective  December  31,  2001,  including  the existing
            Financial and  Administrative  Services  Agreement pursuant to which
            HHM  provided  administrative  services  to the  Company.  Effective
            January  1,  2002,   the  Company   and  HHM  entered   into  a  new
            Administrative Services Agreement.

      o     The Company  paid HHM a $400,000  termination  fee  recognized  as a
            nonrecurring expense in the fourth quarter of 2001.

      o     On January 1, 2002,  the TRS Lessee  purchased  accounts  receivable
            aggregating  approximately  $781,000 from HHM in exchange for a note
            for the same  amount  from the TRS  Lessee to HHM due April 1, 2002.
            HHM agreed to re-purchase any uncollected  accounts  receivable from
            the TRS Lessee on April 1, 2002.

New Lease
---------

         The Company,  as lessor, and the TRS Lessee, as lessee,  entered into a
new lease agreement  effective  January 1, 2002 having a term of five years. The
new lease calls for a percentage rent representing 26% of quarterly room revenue
for the first two years of the lease term,  increasing to 30% of quarterly  room
revenue for the remaining term of the lease.

                                       4
<PAGE>

Management Agreement.

         The  Management  Agreement  covers  all of  the  Company's  Hotels.  As
previously  disclosed,  the  Percentage  Leases on 11 hotels (the "Sale Hotels")
were  terminated  as of June 1, 2001.  Since  then,  the Sale  Hotels  have been
operated by HHM under a management contract. As of December 31, 2001, one of the
Sale Hotels has been sold.

      o     The Management  Agreement expires on September 30, 2005,  subject to
            earlier  termination by the TRS Lessee as to one or more hotels upon
            (i) sale of a hotel,  (ii) failure of HHM to achieve at least 85% of
            the  budgeted  hotel net  operating  income for a hotel  (subject to
            HHM's  right to avoid  termination  by paying  to the TRS  Lessee an
            amount  sufficient  to reach 85% of  budgeted  hotel  net  operating
            income),  (iii) termination of a franchise  agreement as a result of
            HHM's  failure  to  satisfy  its  obligations  under the  Management
            Agreement,  and (iv)  failure of HHM to achieve 85% of the  budgeted
            hotel net operating  income in two consecutive  years  regardless of
            whether HHM has  supplemented  net operating  income as described in
            (ii) above.  No termination  fee is payable to HHM if the Management
            Agreement is terminated pursuant to (ii), (iii) or (iv) above.

      o     Upon the  Company's  sale of a hotel prior to September 30, 2003 and
            termination of the Management  Agreement with respect  thereto,  the
            TRS Lessee will pay to HHM a termination fee equal to 33-1/3% of the
            base  management  fee and incentive fee, if any, for the most recent
            12-month  period  ended  prior  to  the  date  of  termination.   No
            termination  fee is  payable  upon  termination  of  the  Management
            Agreement upon sale of a hotel after  September 30, 2003 or upon the
            sale of a Sale Hotel at any time. Upon termination of the Management
            Agreement  upon a change in control of the  Company,  the TRS Lessee
            will pay HHM a termination  fee equal to 50% of the base  management
            fee and incentive fee, if any, for the most recent  12-month  period
            ended prior to the date of termination.

      o     With  respect to the Sale Hotels the  following  fees are payable by
            the TRS  Lessee  to  HHM:  (a)  prior  to  March  31,  2002,  a base
            management  fee equal to 5% of gross hotel income (as defined in the
            Management  Agreement) plus a potential incentive fee (as defined in
            the Management  Agreement),  and (b) effective April 1, 2002 through
            the end of the term, (i) a base  management fee equal to 5% of gross
            hotel  income,  plus (ii) an  accounting  fee equal to 1/2% of gross
            hotel income,  plus (iii) a director of operations fee equal to 1/2%
            of gross  hotel  income,  plus (iv) a  potential  incentive  fee (as
            described below).

      o     With respect to the  Company's  remaining 81 hotels,  for the period
            prior to March 31, 2002,  the following  fees are payable by the TRS
            Lessee to HHM: (i) a base  management fee equal to 6% of gross hotel
            income,  plus (ii) an  accounting  fee equal to 1/2% of gross  hotel
            income,  plus (iii) a director  of  operations  fee equal to 1/2% of
            gross hotel income,  plus (iv) a potential  incentive fee. Effective
            April 1, 2002 until the end of the term, the management fee shall be
            as  follows:  (i) a base  management  fee equal to 5% of gross hotel
            income,  plus (ii) an  accounting  fee equal to 1/2% of gross  hotel
            income,  plus (iii) a director  of  operations  fee equal to 1/2% of
            gross hotel income, plus (iv) a potential incentive fee. In addition
            to the above  fees,  effective  January 1, 2002,  the  Company  will
            reimburse HHM up to an aggregate of (A) $300,000 per fiscal year for
            HHM's reasonable documented  out-of-pocket and compensation expenses
            for HHM's  employees  who oversee  sales and  marketing  activity on
            behalf of the Company's  hotels and (B) $150,000 per fiscal year for
            payroll processing services.

      o     In addition to the base management fee,  accounting fee and director
            of  operations  fee  described  above,  HHM shall be  entitled to an
            incentive  fee equal to 20% of the amount by which annual  aggregate
            hotel  level net  operating  income (as  defined  in the  Management
            Agreement)  for all the hotels for each twelve month  period  ending
            September  30,   beginning  with  the  twelve  month  period  ending
            September  30, 2002,  exceeds  $33,024,395,  which was the aggregate
            hotel  level net  operating  income (as  defined  in the  Management
            Agreement) for all the Company's  hotels for the twelve month period
            ended September 30, 2001 (which base amount is subject to adjustment
            for future purchases and sales of hotels).

                                       5
<PAGE>

      o     The Management  Agreement  generally provides for HHM to operate and
            manage the  Company's  Hotels and perform all  property  management,
            financial  accounting,  reporting,  marketing and other  operational
            services  and to pay all  operating  expenses  on  behalf of the TRS
            Lessee with respect to the hotels.  Under the Management  Agreement,
            the TRS Lessee has the right to approve annual operating budgets and
            capital budgets for the hotels.

Amendment of Rent Terms for Percentage Leases
---------------------------------------------

         The rent  provisions of the Percentage  Leases were amended,  effective
for the period  October 1, 2001 through  December 31, 2001. The revised terms of
the leases provided for percentage  rents  representing  15.9% of fourth quarter
2001  revenues.  There were no base rents due for the three month  period  ended
December 31, 2001.

New Administrative Services Agreement

         The new Administrative  Services  Agreement,  effective January 1, 2002
and expiring on September 30, 2003, provides for:

      o     A reduction in the monthly administrative fee paid by the Company to
            HHM from the current  monthly fee of $87,500 to a new monthly fee of
            $70,833   (effective   retroactive   to  November   1,  2001).   The
            administrative  services and the monthly  administrative  fee may be
            terminated  by the  Company at any time upon  thirty  days notice to
            HHM.

      o     A construction management fee payable by the Company to HHM equal to
            9% of the actual  documented  third party costs for the development,
            construction,  alteration or capital improvement  projects resulting
            in  capitalized  additions to fixed assets at the  Company's  Hotels
            managed by HHM. In  addition,  the Company  will  reimburse  HHM for
            actual  documented  salary,  benefits  and travel  expenses of HHM's
            employees directly related to providing  construction  services, but
            in no event to exceed $150,000 in any fiscal year.

Franchises
----------

         In  connection  with the new TRS  structure,  the  Company  expects  to
arrange for the transfer, over time, of the hotel franchise licenses from HHM to
the TRS Lessee.

Loan Compliance
---------------

         In February  2002, the Company  announced  that it has negotiated  loan
covenant  modifications in response to previously disclosed  non-compliance with
stated debt  covenants.  The  modified  covenants  restrict the level of capital
spending  permitted  by the Company and prohibit the payment of dividends at any
time during 2002.

Dividend Policy
---------------

         In July 2001,  the Company  announced a new  dividend  policy  based on
quarterly  payments of  approximately  100% of annual REIT taxable  income.  The
Company's  first  quarter  2001  distributions   exceeded  taxable  income,  and
accordingly,  no dividend was declared  for the  remainder of 2001.  In February
2002,  the Company  announced the suspension of dividends  through  December 31,
2002 in accordance with negotiated loan covenant modifications.

(c)    Financial Information About Industry Segments

       The  Company  is  engaged  primarily  in the  business  of owning  equity
interests in hotel  properties.  Therefore,  presentation  of information  about
industry segments is not applicable.  See the Consolidated  Financial Statements
and notes  thereto  included  in Item 8 of this  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for
certain financial information required in this Item 1.



                                       6
<PAGE>

(d)    Narrative Description of Business

       General.   At  December  31,  2001,  the  Company   owned,   through  the
       -------
Partnerships  and the  Subsidiary  Partnership,  hotels in  Virginia  (6),  West
Virginia (2), Maryland (1),  Pennsylvania (5), North Carolina (1), Kentucky (2),
Delaware (1), Florida (4), Tennessee (2), Arkansas (4), Illinois (3), Iowa (15),
Kansas (9), Missouri (8),  Nebraska (9), Texas (10),  Wisconsin (7), Arizona (1)
and South  Dakota (1). At December 31,  2001,  the Hotels were  operated by HHM,
which  was  owned by James I.  Humphrey,  Jr.,  the  Company's  Secretary  and a
director.  Paul  Schulte,  the  Company's  Chairman  of the Board,  serves as an
interim  President  of SHMI for an annual  compensation  package  of one  dollar
($1.00). No other member of the Company's board has a financial interest in HHM.

       The Company's primary objective is to increase  shareholder value through
increasing hotel operating returns.  The Company also seeks to increase investor
returns  by  acquiring  equity  interests  in  hotels  that  meet the  Company's
investment criteria.

       Sale of Hotels The Company may  undertake  the sale of one or more of its
       --------------
hotel properties from time to time in response to changes in market  conditions,
the Company's  current or projected  return on its  investments in the hotels or
other factors which the Board of Directors deems relevant.

       Internal  Growth  Strategy Prior to January 1, 2002, the Company's use of
       --------------------------
Percentage  Leases  with HHM allowed the  Company to  participate  in  increased
revenue from the Hotels.  The Company has since formed a TRS which permitted the
Company to terminate its leases with HHM and lease its Hotels to the TRS Lessee.
The TRS  Lessee is now  entitled  to all hotel  operating  profits  after  lease
payments to the Company and payment of all hotel operating  expenses,  including
management fees to HHM.

       Acquisition  Strategy The Investment  Committee of the Board of Directors
       ---------------------
conducts  necessary  due  diligence  and  financial  analysis  required  to make
recommendations   regarding   acquisitions,    dispositions,   renovations   and
development.  Any  acquisition,  investment or purchase of property  involving a
total  purchase  price of $3 million or more  requires  approval of the Board of
Directors and any transaction or series of related  transactions  involving less
than $3 million may be effected by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or
his designee without Board of Director  approval.  The Company has a policy that
governs the Company's investment in hotel properties (the "Investment  Policy"),
including  the  acquisition  and  development  of hotels.  Under the  Investment
Policy,  the Company  will not acquire a hotel  property  unless the Company can
demonstrate  that it can  reasonably  expect an annual return on its  investment
(calculated as rent less reserves for furniture, fixtures and equipment of 6% of
room  revenues  ("FFE  Reserves"),  that is equal to or greater  than 12% of the
total purchase  price to be paid by the Company for such  property.  The Company
applies the  Investment  Policy to a hotel  property  prior to its  acquisition.
There can be no assurance  that  increases in FFE  Reserves,  which are based on
room revenues,  will not decrease the Company's  annual return on its investment
in any  Hotel  to a level  below  that  set out in the  Investment  Policy.  The
Company's general investment criteria are described below:

      o     Nationally  franchised  hotels in  locations  with  relatively  high
            demand for rooms,  relatively  low  supply of  competing  hotels and
            significant  barriers  to entry into the hotel  business,  such as a
            scarcity of suitable hotel sites or zoning restrictions;

      o     Poorly managed hotels,  which could benefit from new  management,  a
            new marketing strategy and association with a national franchisor;

      o     Hotels in a  deteriorated  physical  condition,  which could benefit
            significantly from renovations; and

      o     Hotels in attractive  locations that could benefit  significantly by
            changing  franchises  to a grade  that is more  appropriate  for the
            location and clientele.

         The Company is not currently pursuing direct acquisition opportunities.



                                       7
<PAGE>

       Development Strategy Subject to market conditions and the availability of
financing,  the Company may  selectively  grow  through the  development  of new
limited-service hotels located in secondary and tertiary markets, typically with
under 150 rooms, that are similar to the Company's  present hotels.  The Company
is  interested  in sites that offer the  potential  to attract a diverse  mix of
potential market segments.

       Because  a  development  project  has no prior  operations  to which  the
Company's  Investment Policy can be applied,  the Company intends to invest only
in developments where it reasonably believes it will receive an annual return on
its investment that is consistent with the Investment Policy.

       The  Company's  site  selection  criteria  include  some  or  all  of the
following characteristics:

      o     relatively  low land  costs,  particularly  as  compared  with major
            metropolitan areas;

      o     sites that exist on or near major highways;

      o     areas  that have  strong  industrial  bases with the  potential  for
            future growth;

      o     communities  with  state  or  federal  installations,   colleges  or
            universities; and

      o     sites that currently have an aging hotel presence.

       These criteria describe the basic  characteristics that the Company looks
for prior to  committing  to the  development  of a new  hotel.  Sites  that are
selected may have some or all of the market characteristics  described above, as
well as  characteristics  that are not specifically  described herein. It is not
anticipated  that all sites  selected  by the  Company  will  possess all of the
characteristics described herein.

       The Company is not  currently  pursuing  development  opportunities.  The
Board  of  Directors  may  change  the  Company's   Investment   Policy  without
shareholder approval.

       Operating  Practices  HHM  utilizes  a  centralized  accounting  and data
       --------------------
processing system, which facilitates financial statement and budget preparation,
payroll  management,  internal  auditing  and other  support  functions  for the
on-site hotel management team. HHM provides  centralized control over purchasing
and project management (which can create economies of scale in purchasing) while
emphasizing local discretion within specific guidelines.

       Each Hotel  managed by HHM employs a general  manager who is  responsible
for the overall  operations of the Hotel.  General  managers  report to regional
managers,  who  generally  have  responsibility  for  six  to 12  Hotels.  Daily
operations are managed using a centralized  approach through regional operations
managers  who  report to HHM's  offices  as  applicable.  HHM's  strategy  is to
encourage  decision-making  by those people closest to the hotel operation level
at the lowest administrative cost.


       Property  Management  Prior to the REIT  Modernization  Act (RMA),  which
       --------------------
became effective January 1, 2001, in order for the Company to qualify as a REIT,
neither the Company,  the  Partnerships  nor the  Subsidiary  Partnership  could
operate the Company's  hotels.  Therefore,  each of the Hotels was leased to HHM
under  Percentage  Leases.  With the  introduction  of the RMA,  the  Company is
permitted  to  lease  its  hotels  to one or  more  wholly  owned  taxable  REIT
subsidiaries of the Company  ("TRS").  The Company has formed a wholly owned TRS
(the TRS Lessee) in  accordance  with the RMA.  Under the RMA, the TRS Lessee is
required  to enter into  management  agreements  with an  "eligible  independent
contractor" who will manage hotels leased by the TRS Lessee.  Effective December
31, 2001, the Company entered into the  Termination  Agreement with HHM pursuant
to which,  among other things,  the parties  terminated the existing  Percentage
Leases between the Company,  as lessor, and HHM as lessee.  Effective January 1,
2002, (i) the Company,  as lessor,  and the TRS Lessee, as lessee,  entered into
new leases, and (ii) the TRS Lessee entered into a Management Agreement with HHM
as to the Hotels owned by the Company and now leased to the TRS Lessee, pursuant
to which HHM will operate all of the Hotels.



                                       8
<PAGE>

       Competition The hotel industry is highly competitive.  Each of the Hotels
       -----------
is located in a developed area that includes other hotel properties.  The number
of  competitive  hotel  properties  in a  particular  area could have a material
adverse effect on revenues, occupancy and the average daily room rate ("ADR") of
the Hotels or at hotel properties acquired or developed in the future. Recently,
a number of the Company's Hotels have experienced  increased  competition in the
form of newly constructed competing hotels in the local markets.

       The Company may compete for investment  opportunities  with entities that
have substantially greater financial resources than the Company.  These entities
generally may be able to accept more risk than the Company can prudently manage.
Competition   in  general   may  reduce  the  number  of   suitable   investment
opportunities  offered to the  Company  and  increase  the  bargaining  power of
property owners seeking to sell. Further,  the Company believes that competition
from  entities  organized  for purposes  substantially  similar to the Company's
objectives could increase significantly.

       Employees  Under the terms of the Financial and  Administrative  Services
       ---------
Agreement,  HHM provided the Company with  accounting and  securities  reporting
services  for an annual  fee of  $1,050,000,  or $87,500  per  month.  Effective
January 1, 2002, the Company and HHM entered into a new Administrative  Services
Agreement  pursuant  to  which  the  annual  fee was  reduced  to  approximately
$850,000, or $70,833 per month, retroactive to November 1, 2001.

       HHM employs  approximately  1,900 people in operating  the Hotels and has
advised the Company that its relationship with employees is good.

       In July 2001, the Company announced that it had commenced  initiatives to
appoint a senior  management  team to oversee  its  operations.  The  day-to-day
operations  of the Company had been  conducted  by HHM under the  Financial  and
Administrative  Services  Agreement.  As of December 31,  2001,  the Company has
appointed a President  and Chief  Executive  Officer and an Asset  Manager.  The
Company currently intends to terminate the new Administrative Services Agreement
once a full management team has been appointed and it has the personnel in place
to assume the day-to-day operations.

       Business  Risks The Hotels are subject to  operating  risks common to the
       ---------------
hotel industry. These risks include, among other things,  competition from other
hotels; recent over-building in the hotel industry, which has adversely affected
occupancy and room rates;  increases in operating  costs,  including labor costs
and utility costs, due to inflation and other factors,  which increases have not
in recent  years  been,  and may not  necessarily  in the future  be,  offset by
increased  room  rates;   significant  dependence  on  business  and  commercial
travelers and tourism;  increases in energy costs and other  expenses of travel;
and adverse  effects of general  and local  economic  conditions.  Additionally,
under the Company's TRS structure,  which became effective  January 1, 2002, the
Company assumes greater risk in that it will now bear the responsibility for all
of the operating expenses of the Hotels together with management fees payable to
HHM.

       The  Company's  investments  are  subject  to  varying  degrees  of  risk
generally  incident to the ownership of real property.  The underlying  value of
the  Company's  real estate  investments,  as well as the  Company's  income and
ability to make distributions to its shareholders,  is dependent upon the Hotels
being operated in a manner  sufficient to maintain or increase  revenue,  and to
generate  sufficient  income to enhance the operating  returns.  Income from the
Hotels  may be  adversely  affected  by changes in  general,  national  or local
economic conditions,  changes in neighborhood characteristics,  competition from
other hotel properties,  changes in present or future environmental  legislation
and laws, changes in the ongoing need for capital improvements,  changes in real
estate tax rates and other operating expenses, changes in governmental rules and
fiscal  policies,  civil unrest,  acts of God (including  earthquakes  and other
natural  disasters),  which may result in uninsured losses, acts of war, changes
in zoning laws and other factors that are beyond the Company's control.



                                       9
<PAGE>

       Seasonality  of Hotel  Business The hotel industry is seasonal in nature.
       -------------------------------
Generally,  revenues for hotels  operating in the geographic  areas in which the
Hotels operate are greater in the second and third quarters of the calendar year
than in the first and  fourth  quarters,  with the  exception  of the  Company's
Hotels located in Florida,  which experience peak demand in the first and fourth
quarters of the year. The Hotels' operations historically reflect this trend.

       Sale Hotels In June 2001, the Company  identified eleven hotel properties
       -----------
that it decided to sell. As a result,  the Company evaluated the  recoverability
of the carrying  amounts of each Sale Hotel based on their estimated fair values
less costs to sell. The Company  determined that the carrying amounts of four of
the hotels  were not  recoverable  from future  operating  cash flows from their
operation and sale.  Accordingly,  the Company  recognized an impairment loss of
$1,192,000 for these hotels.

       Environmental  Matters  Under various  federal,  state and local laws and
       ----------------------
regulations,  an owner or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of
removal  or  remediation  of  certain  hazardous  or  toxic  substances  on such
property.  Such laws often impose liability  without regard to whether the owner
knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic  substances.
Furthermore,  a person that arranges for the disposal or transports for disposal
or treatment of a hazardous  substance at a property  owned by another party may
be liable  for the costs of  removal  or  remediation  of  hazardous  substances
released into the  environment  at that  property.  The costs of  remediation or
removal  of  hazardous  substances  may be  substantial,  and  the  presence  of
hazardous substances, or the failure to promptly remediate hazardous substances,
may adversely  affect the owner's ability to sell real estate or use real estate
as collateral. In connection with the ownership and operation of the Hotels, the
Company,  the Partnerships,  the Subsidiary  Partnership or HHM, as the case may
be, may be potentially liable for any such costs.

       The Company obtained environmental assessments on all of its Hotels prior
to their acquisition or development. The environmental assessments were intended
to identify potential  environmental  contamination for which the Company may be
responsible.  The environmental  assessments  included historical reviews of the
Hotels,  reviews of certain public records,  preliminary  investigations  of the
sites and  surrounding  properties,  screening  for the  presence  of  hazardous
substances,  toxic substances and underground storage tanks, and the preparation
and issuance of a written report. The environmental  assessments did not include
invasive procedures, such as soil sampling or ground water analysis.

       The  environmental   assessments  have  not  revealed  any  environmental
liability that the Company  believes would have a material adverse effect on its
business,  assets, results of operations or liquidity,  nor is the Company aware
of any such  liability.  Nevertheless,  it is possible that these  environmental
assessments  do not  reveal  all  environmental  liabilities  or that  there are
material  environmental  liabilities of which the Company is unaware.  Moreover,
the Company cannot be sure that:

      o     future laws,  ordinances or regulations will not impose any material
            environmental liability or

      o     the  current  environmental  condition  of the  Hotels  will  not be
            affected by the  condition of the  properties in the vicinity of the
            Hotels,  such as the presence of leaking  underground storage tanks,
            or by third parties unrelated to the Company, the Partnerships,  the
            Subsidiary Partnership or the TRS Lessee.

       The Company believes that the Hotels comply in all material respects with
all federal,  state and local ordinances and regulations  regarding hazardous or
toxic substances and other  environmental  matters.  No governmental  agency has
notified the Company of any material noncompliance,  liability or claim relating
to hazardous or toxic  substances or other  environmental  matters in connection
with any of the Hotels.

       Government  Regulations The Americans with  Disabilities  Act ("ADA") and
       -----------------------
similar state laws require public  accommodations  to meet certain  requirements
related to access and use by disabled persons. Failure to comply with these laws
could  result in the  imposition  of fines or the award of  damages  to  private
litigants.  Compliance with the ADA could require removal of structural barriers
to handicap  access in certain public areas of the Hotels.  The Company  expects
that selected Hotels will require future improvements to comply with the ADA and
state laws.



                                       10
<PAGE>

       Franchise  Agreements At December 31, 2001, HHM held all of the franchise
       ---------------------
licenses for each of the Hotels.  In connection with the new TRS structure which
became  effective  January  1, 2002,  the  Company  expects  to arrange  for the
transfer, over time, of the hotel franchise licenses from HHM to the TRS Lessee.

       The Company currently operates under the following franchise brands:

           Franchise Brand                     Number of Hotels
           ----------------------------------------------------------
       (a) Comfort Inn                                  13
       (a) Comfort Suites                                1
           Best Western                                  1
           Best Western Suites                           1
       (b) Holiday Inn Express                           2
       (c) Hampton Inn                                   4
       (d) Super 8                                      62
       (d) Wingate Inn                                   2
       (d) Ramada Limited                                1
       (d) Days Inn                                      1
       (e) Shoney's Inn                                  1
           Independent (no franchise)                    1

       Franchise Information
      (a)   Comfort  Inn(R)and  Comfort  Suites(R)are  registered  trademarks of
            Choice Hotels International, Inc.
      (b)   Holiday Inn  Express(R)is  a registered  trademark of Six Continents
            Hotels, Inc.
      (c)   Hampton   Inn(R)is  a   registered   trademark   of  Hilton   Hotels
            Corporation.
      (d)   Super 8(R), Wingate Inn(R),  Ramada  Limited(R),  and Days Inn(R)are
            registered trademarks of Cendant, Inc.
      (e)   Shoney's Inn(R)hotel is a registered trademark of Sholodge, Inc.

       Tax Status The  Company  made an election to be taxed as a REIT under the
       ----------
Internal Revenue Code ("Code")  commencing with its taxable year ending December
31,  1994.  As  long  as the  Company  qualifies  for  taxation  as a  REIT  and
distributes  at least 90% of its REIT  taxable  income to its  shareholders,  it
generally  will not be  subject to  Federal  income  tax on the  income  that it
distributes.  If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the
Company  will be  subject  to  Federal  income  tax  (including  any  applicable
alternative  minimum tax) on its taxable income at regular  corporate tax rates.
Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject
to  certain  state and local  taxes on its income  and  property  and to Federal
income and excise taxes on its undistributed income.

       Earnings and profits,  which  determine  the  taxability  of dividends to
shareholders,  differ from net income reported for financial  reporting purposes
due  primarily  to  differences  in  depreciation  of the Hotels for Federal tax
purposes.  The  Company's  2001  dividend  distributions  exceeded its estimated
taxable  income  for the  year and all  distributions  are  considered  ordinary
income.

       REITs are subject to Federal income taxes in certain  instances for asset
dispositions  occurring within ten years of acquisition by the REIT. The Company
elected to defer and  recognize  any taxable gain as a result of the sale of any
Supertel assets resulting from the built-in gain at the time of the Merger.  The
Company does not expect to incur  significant  Federal tax  liability  resulting
from the disposition of Supertel assets with built-in gain.

       The Company has formed a wholly owned TRS (the TRS Lessee) in  accordance
with the RMA.  Effective  January 1, 2002, the TRS Lessee leased the hotels from
the Company and has entered into the Management Agreement with HHM. The TRS will
be subject to taxation as a C-Corporation.



                                       11
<PAGE>

         Insurance  Coverage The Hotels are covered by  comprehensive  liability
         -------------------
and property  insurance with policy  specifications  and insured limits that the
Company believes are customary for similar properties.  Losses from catastrophic
events, like wars, are uninsurable. If an uninsured loss occurs, the Company may
lose both its  invested  capital  and  anticipated  profits  from the  property.
Nevertheless,  the Company would still be obligated to repay any indebtedness on
the property.  Insurance  payouts resulting from the terrorist attacks occurring
on  September  11,  2001 will  significantly  reduce  the  insurance  industry's
reserves.  Moreover,  the demand for higher  levels of insurance  coverage  will
likely increase because of these attacks.  As a result, the Company's  insurance
premiums may increase  significantly in the future,  which may have a materially
adverse  impact on its cash flow.  Furthermore,  the  Company may not be able to
purchase policies in the future with coverage limits and deductibles  similar to
those purchased for the year 2002. In renewing insurance coverage for the policy
year  ending  December  31,  2002,  the  Company   experienced  an  increase  of
approximately 11% and 83% in cost of property insurance and liability insurance,
respectively.  Because it is impossible to determine  what kind of policies will
be  available  in the  future  and at what  prices,  the  Company  is  unable to
determine whether it will be able to maintain  insurance coverage levels similar
to those secured for 2002.  The Company's real property  insurance  policies put
into effect on December 31, 2001 do not expressly  exclude from coverage hostile
acts, except for acts of war. However,  future insurance  policies  purchased by
the Company may expressly exclude hostile acts, and it may be impossible or very
expensive to obtain insurance covering terrorist attacks.

                                       12
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Item 2. Properties

       The following  table sets forth certain  information  with respect to the
Hotels:

Hotel Brand             Rooms    Hotel Brand                  Rooms    Hotel Brand                 Rooms
-----------             -----    -----------                  -----    -----------                 -----
<S>                       <C>                                   <C>                                  <C>
Super 8                          Super 8 (continued)                   Comfort Inn  (continued)
 Aksarben-Lincoln, NE     73      Moberly, MO                   60      Farmville, VA                51
 Allentown, PA            82      Mountain Home, AR             40      Gettysburg, PA               81
 Anamosa, IA              35      Mt. Pleasant, IA              55      Morgantown, WV               80
 Antigo, WI               52      Muscatine, IA                 63      Minocqua, WI                 51
 Batesville, AR           49      Neosho, MO                    58      New Castle, PA               79
 Bedford, TX             113      Norfolk, NE                   66      Princeton, WV                51
 Burlington, IA           62      Oelwein, IA                   40      Rocky Mount, VA              61
 Charles City, IA         42      Omaha, NE                    116      Sheboygan, WI                59
 Clinton, IA              63      O'Neill, NE                   72      Beacon Marina-Solomons, MD   60
 College Station, TX      89      Oskaloosa, IA                 51     Comfort Suites
 Columbus, NE             63      Parsons, KS                   48      Dover, DE                    64
 Cornhusker-Lincoln, NE  133      Pella, IA                     40     Best Western
 Creston, IA             122      Pittsburg, KS                 64      Harlan, KY                   62
 Denton, TX               80      Plano, TX                    102     Best Western Suites
 Dyersville, IA           45      Portage, WI                   61      Key Largo, FL                40
 El Dorado, KS            49      Russellville, AR              61     Days Inn
 Fayetteville, AR         83      Sedalia, MO                   87      Farmville, VA                60
 Ft. Madison, IA          42      Shawano, WI                   55     Hampton Inn
 Garden City, KS          60      Storm Lake, IA                59      Brandon, FL                  80
 Grapevine, TX           102      Tomah, WI                     65      Cleveland, TN                60
 Hays, KS                 78      Waco, TX                      78      Jackson, TN                 121
 Iowa City, IA            86      Watertown, SD                 58      Shelby, NC                   78
 Jacksonville, IL         43      Wayne, NE                     40     Shoney's Inn
 Jefferson City, MO       77      West Dodge- Omaha, NE        101      Ellenton, FL                 63
 Keokuk, IA               61      West "O" - Lincoln, NE        82     Wingate Inn
 Kewanee, IL              41      Wichita Falls, TX            104      Las Colinas, TX             101
 Kingdom City, MO         62      Wichita, KS                  119      Houston, TX                 101
 Kirksville, MO           61      Wichita - (Park City), KS     59     Holiday Inn Express
 Lenexa, KS              101      West Plains, MO               49      Danville, KY                 63
                                 Comfort Inn                            Gettysburg, PA               51
 Manhattan, KS            87      Culpeper, VA                  49     Ramada Limited
 Marshall, MO             54      Chambersburg, PA              63      Ellenton, FL                 73
 McKinney, TX             80      Dahlgren, VA                  59     Independent
 Menomonie, WI            81      Dublin, VA                   100      Bullhead City, AZ            76
                                                                                                --------
                                                                          Total Rooms             6,282
                                                                                                ========
</TABLE>

Additional property information is found in Item 8 - Schedule III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.


                                       13
<PAGE>

The Percentage Leases

       Prior to December 31, 2001,  the Company  leased all of its hotels,  with
exception to the Sale Hotels,  to HHM under  Percentage  Leases.  The Percentage
Leases were amended effective October 1, 2001, and terminated effective December
31, 2001. Prior to October 1, 2001, the Percentage Leases provided for both base
rent and  percentage  rents.  As  amended,  the  requirement  for base  rent was
eliminated.

       Percentage Lease Terms Each Percentage Lease had an initial noncancelable
       ----------------------
term  of ten  years,  which  HHM,  at its  option,  could  have  renewed  for an
additional  term  of  five  years,  subject  to  earlier  termination  upon  the
occurrence of defaults and other events including,  particularly, the provisions
described in each Percentage  Lease under "Damage to Hotels,"  "Condemnation  of
Hotels" and "Termination of Percentage Leases on Disposition of the Hotels."

       Amounts  Payable  Under the  Percentage  Leases Prior to being amended on
       -----------------------------------------------
October  1,  2001,  the Lessee was  obligated  to pay base rent  ("Base  Rent"),
percentage  rent  ("Percentage  Rent") and other amounts,  including  additional
charges  resulting from interest  accrued on any late payments or charges.  Base
Rent was a fixed  amount  paid  monthly.  The  Percentage  Rent,  for the period
January 1, 2001 through September 30, 2001, was comprised of:

      o     17.9% of monthly room revenue, payable monthly; and

      o     8% of monthly revenues other than room revenues  including,  but not
            limited to, telephone charges, movie rental fees and rental payments
            under any third-party leases, payable monthly.

       Effective  October 1, 2001, the rent provisions of the Percentage  Leases
were  amended.  The revised terms of the leases  provided for a percentage  rent
payment  representing  15.9% of fourth  quarter 2001 room revenue and base rents
were eliminated.

    In  addition  to the  Percentage  Rent,  HHM was  required to pay all of the
operating expenses of the Hotels,  except the following,  which were obligations
of the Company:

      o     ground lease rent, where applicable;

      o     the cost of certain furniture, fixtures and equipment; and

      o     expenditures  for items that are  classified  as capital items under
            generally accepted  accounting  principles,  which are necessary for
            the continued operation of the hotels.

       Operating expenses, which were the responsibility of the Lessee, included
insurance,  real  estate and  personal  property  taxes,  all  utility and other
charges  incurred  in the  operation  of  the  Hotels  during  the  term  of the
Percentage  Leases.  The Percentage Leases also provided for rent reductions and
abatements in the event of damage to or  destruction  or a partial taking of any
Hotel.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

         From April through June 2001,  five class action  complaints were filed
in the U.S.  District  Court for the Eastern  District  of Virginia  against the
Company and certain of its executive officers and directors alleging  violations
of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule
10b-5.  The  complaints  were  brought on behalf of persons  who  purchased  the
Company's common stock from November 14, 2000 through March 29, 2001 (the "Class
Period"). In June 2001, the parties stipulated to transfer the cases to the U.S.
District Court for the District of Maryland.  In July 2001, the Court  appointed
lead plaintiffs and approved their selection of counsel. In September 2001, lead
plaintiffs filed a consolidated  amended  complaint  alleging  violations of the
same  securities  laws and  regulations  and  alleging  the same  Class  Period.
Specifically,  plaintiffs  allege  that  defendants  made  false and  misleading


                                       14
<PAGE>

statements  concerning  the Company's  financial  condition and  operations  and
artificially  inflated the market price of the Company's  securities  during the
Class  Period.  In  November  2001,  the  Company  filed a motion to dismiss the
consolidated amended complaint. The plaintiffs have responded to such motion and
the Company has since filed a reply  memorandum  of law in support of its motion
to dismiss the plaintiffs'  consolidated  amended complaint.  The Company denies
the allegations in the consolidated amended complaint and will vigorously defend
this and any related actions.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         The Company held its annual meeting of shareholders on Tuesday, October
16, 2001. The shareholders voted on the election of directors to serve until the
annual  meeting  of  shareholders  in 2002.  The  results of the votes are shown
below.

                                                 For             Withheld
                                            --------------    --------------
         Paul J. Schulte                      10,414,781          229,693
         James I. Humphrey, Jr.               10,289,372          355,102
         Steve H. Borgmann                    10,425,881          218,593
         George R. Whittemore                 10,476,192          168,282
         Jeffrey M. Zwerdling                 10,476,292          168,182
         Joseph Caggiano                      10,478,642          165,832
         Loren Steele                         10,477,092          167,382

                                       15
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Shareholder
         Matters.

(a)      Market Information
         ------------------

       On October 30, 1996,  the Common Stock was approved for listing and began
trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market  under the symbol  "HUMP." The closing  sales
price for the common  stock as of March 26, 2002 was $2.53 per share.  The table
below sets forth the dividends per share and high and low sales prices per share
reported by Nasdaq for the periods indicated.

                                      Humphrey Hospitality
                                          Common Stock
                                ----------------------------------
                                   High        Low     Dividend
                                ----------------------------------

          2000
            First Quarter        $ 7.75       6.06       0.23
            Second Quarter       $ 8.38       6.50       0.23
            Third Quarter        $ 8.25       7.63       0.23
            Fourth Quarter       $ 8.00       6.88       0.23

          2001
            First Quarter        $ 7.50       3.44       0.23
            Second Quarter       $ 3.82       2.00         -
            Third Quarter        $ 4.09       2.14         -
            Fourth Quarter       $ 3.34       1.91         -



 (b)   Holders
       -------

       As of March 26, 2002, the approximate  number of holders of record of the
Common Stock was 190 and the approximate number of beneficial owners was 3,000.

(c)    Dividends
       ---------

       Dividends  paid  during  the year ended  December  31,  2001  represented
ordinary  income  to the  Company's  shareholders.  Pursuant  to  loan  covenant
modifications with certain of the Company's  lenders,  the Company is restricted
from paying dividends in 2002, however, such payments shall be permitted in 2003
to the extent necessary to preserve the Company's REIT tax status.

                                       16
<PAGE>

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

EXPLANATORY NOTE

       On October 26,  1999,  Humphrey  Hospitality  Trust,  Inc.  ("HHTI")  and
Supertel  consummated  a merger  pursuant  to which  Supertel  was  merged  (the
"Merger")  with and into HHTI. As a result of the Merger and in accordance  with
the  provisions  of  Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion  No.  16,  "Business
Combinations",  Supertel was considered  the acquiring  enterprise for financial
reporting  purposes.  Accordingly,  a new accounting  basis was  established for
HHTI's  assets  and  liabilities  based on their  fair  values as of the date of
acquisition  and  the  operating  results  of HHTI  have  been  included  in the
Company's financial statements since the date of acquisition.  Prior to the date
of acquisition,  the selected financial data and the financial statements of the
Company  include the hotel  operations and  historical  information of Supertel;
subsequent to the date of acquisition,  hotel  operations from the Hotels (other
than those of the Sale Hotels from June 1, 2001) are  reflected in the financial
statements of the Lessee.

       The following  table sets forth selected  financial  information  for the
Company.  The selected operating data and balance sheet data have been extracted
from the Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  for each of the periods
presented and should be read in conjunction  with  "Management's  Discussion and
Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations" and the consolidated
financial  statements  and notes thereto of the Company and the Lessee  included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


                                       17
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Table 1.  Selected Financial Data for
          Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc.

(In thousands, except per share data)                    As of or for the Years Ended December 31,
                                             2001            2000            1999           1998            1997
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>                                 <C>            <C>             <C>
Operating data:
  Room rentals and
   other hotel services (1)             $        5,327          -           43,871         51,339          46,345
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Base and percentage rents (2)         $       22,883      32,844           5,656           N/A             N/A
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net earnings                            $         709        6,959           5,588          5,017           4,102
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FFO (3)                                 $      10,588       16,330          12,326          9,496           8,154
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net earnings per share -
  basic and diluted                     $        0.06         0.62            0.93           1.04            0.85
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total assets                            $     167,949      173,611         173,750        106,239         103,406
Total long-term debt                    $     115,872      119,254         118,973         61,662          65,476
Net cash flow:
  Provided by operating activities      $      13,758       17,602           6,890         11,167           9,038
  Used by investing activities          $      (2,816)      (4,950)         (6,074)        (5,372)        (11,957)
  Provided (used) by financing
    activities                          $      (6,149)     (13,254)        (11,507)        (3,807)          5,964
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dividends per
  common share (4)                      $        0.23         0.91            5.28           N/A             N/A
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted average number of
  shares outstanding - basic EPS               11,226       11,174           6,003          4,841           4,840
                                       ===============================================================================

RECONCILIATION OF NET
  EARNINGS TO FFO

Net earnings                            $         709        6,959           5,588          5,017           4,102
Depreciation                                    8,204        8,382           5,223          4,386           3,985
(Gain) loss on disposition of assets
   and provision for impairment loss            1,153          401           1,402             93              67
Minority interest                                 522          588             113             -               -
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FFO (2)                                 $      10,588       16,330          12,326          9,496           8,154
                                       ===============================================================================
</TABLE>

(1)    Hotel revenues for 1997, 1998 and 1999 include room and other revenues of
       the former Supertel  hotels through October 26, 1999.  Hotel revenues for
       2001 include room and other  revenues from  operations of the Sale Hotels
       for the period June 1, 2001 through  December 31, 2001. The leases on the
       Sale Hotels were  terminated  effective June 1, 2001 from which point the
       Company began recording their results of the operations.  The Sale Hotels
       are being operated by HHM under a management contract.
(2)    Represents  annual Base Rent plus aggregate  Percentage  Rent pursuant to
       the Percentage Leases.
(3)    Management  considers  funds  from  operations,  ("FFO")  to be a  market
       accepted  measure of an equity  REIT's  operating  performance,  which is
       necessary, along with net earnings, for an understanding of the Company's
       operating  results.  All REITs do not  calculate  FFO in the same manner,
       therefore,  the  Company's  calculation  may  not  be  the  same  as  the
       calculation of FFO for similar REITs.  FFO, as defined under the National
       Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT) standards, consists
       of net income computed in accordance with accounting principles generally
       accepted in the United  States of America,  excluding  gains or losses on
       operating  properties,  plus  depreciation  of real estate  assets  after
       adjustments  for  unconsolidated  partnerships  and joint  ventures.  The
       Company has  reported  FFO for the current  period  using the most recent
       NAREIT  definition  and therefore  certain  amounts in prior periods have
       been reclassified to conform to the 2001 presentation.
(4)    Represents  dividends  declared  by the  Company.  Of the $5.28 per share
       dividend in 1999, $5.13 per share  represented a pre-closing  dividend of
       Supertel's  earnings and profits which was paid to Supertel  stockholders
       pursuant to the merger agreement.



                                       18
<PAGE>

Table 2.  Selected Financial Data for

         Humphrey  Hospitality Trust, Inc. subsequent and prior to the merger on
October 26, 1999.

       The following  table sets forth (i) historical  revenues and expenses and
financial  data for HHTI for each of the  years in the  five-year  period  ended
December 31, 2001, and (ii) selected  historical  balance sheet data for HHTI as
of December 31, 2001,  2000,  1999, 1998 and 1997. The  presentation is based on
historical  operations  of HHTI prior to its  merger  with  Supertel  and of the
Company  thereafter.  Accordingly,  data for 1999,  1998 and 1997 do not include
Supertel's  historical financial information for the period prior to October 26,
1999.  Management  believes that the following  table  provides more  comparable
information for the Company.
<TABLE>
(In thousands, except per share data)                      As of or for the Years Ended December 31,
                                                    2001          2000         1999         1998        1997
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------
Operating data:
<S>                                              <C>             <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>
           Base and percentage rents (1)         $  22,883       32,844        15,833       10,441      7,326
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------
           Room rentals and other hotel
             services (2)                        $   5,327           -             -            -          -
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------

Net earnings                                     $     709        6,959         3,692        2,654      2,557
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------

FFO                                              $  10,588       16,330         8,635        6,095      4,548
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------

Net earnings per share - basic and diluted       $    0.06         0.62          0.63         0.62       0.73
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------

Total assets                                     $ 167,949      173,611       173,750       78,844     53,799
Total long-term debt                             $ 115,872      119,254       118,973       44,196     31,755


Net cash flow:
           Provided by operating activities      $  13,758       17,602        6,890        5,137       3,680
           Used by investing activities          $  (2,816)      (4,950)      (6,074)     (22,859)    (29,406)
           Provided (used) by financing
             activities                          $  (6,149)     (13,254)     (11,507)      18,060      18,829
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------

Dividends per common share                       $    0.23         0.91         0.90         0.87        0.77
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------

Weighted average number of shares
           outstanding - basic EPS                  11,226       11,174        5,815        4,266       3,482
                                                =================================================================

RECONCILIATION OF NET
           EARNINGS TO FFO

Net earnings                                     $     709        6,959        3,692        2,654       2,557
Depreciation                                         8,204        8,382        4,278        2,544       1,526
(Gain) loss on disposition of assets and
           provision for impairment loss             1,153          401          121          443          -
Minority interest                                      522          588          544          454         465
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------
FFO                                              $  10,588       16,330        8,635        6,095       4,548
                                                =================================================================
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>

(1)    Represents  annual Base Rent plus aggregate  Percentage  Rent pursuant to
       the Percentage Leases.

(2)    Room  rentals  and  other  hotel  services  revenues  for 2001  relate to
       operations  of the  Sale  Hotels  for the  period  June 1,  2001  through
       December  31,  2001.  The  leases  on the  Sale  Hotels  were  terminated
       effective June 1, 2001 from which point the Company began recording their
       results of the  operations.  The Sale  Hotels are being  operated  by HHM
       under a management contract.



                                       20
<PAGE>

Supplementary Data

The  following  table  presents the  Company's  unaudited  quarterly  results of
operations (in thousands, except per share data).
<TABLE>
                                                                 Quarters ended
2001                                  March 31,           June 30,         September 30,       December 31,
----                             -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>                      <C>                <C>                 <C>
Revenues                          $    6,822               8,179              9,297               4,179
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net earnings (loss)               $    1,281                 733              1,924              (3,229)
                                 ===============================================================================

Earnings per share -
  basic and diluted               $     0.11                0.07               0.17               (0.29)
                                 ===============================================================================

Note    -  Net  earnings  (loss)  includes  a  provision  for  impairment  loss,
        $1,192,000 ($.11 per share),  recorded during the quarter ended June 30,
        2001 and lease cancellation expense, $400,000 ($.04 per share), recorded
        during the quarter  ended  December 31,  2001.  Net loss for the quarter
        ended  December 31, 2001 also  includes the effects of amendments to the
        Percentage  Leases  effective for that period that reduced  revenues and
        net earnings by approximately $3,684,000 ($.33 per share).

                                                                 Quarters ended
2000                                  March 31,           June 30,         September 30,       December 31,
----                             -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues                          $    7,610               8,506              8,764               8,315
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net earnings                      $    1,569               2,072              1,625               1,693
                                 ===============================================================================

Earnings per share -
  basic and diluted               $     0.14                0.19               0.15                0.14
                                 ===============================================================================
</TABLE>


                                       21
<PAGE>


Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
         of Operations

         The  discussion  that follows is based  primarily  on the  consolidated
financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 and for the
years ended  December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999 and should be read along with the
consolidated  financial statements and notes. As discussed below, the ability to
compare one period to another is affected  significantly by changes in the lease
agreements with the Lessee and the Merger.

Critical Accounting Policy

         Critical  accounting  policies are those that are both important to the
presentation of the Company's  financial condition and results of operations and
require  management's  most  difficult,  complex or  subjective  judgments.  The
Company's critical  accounting policy relates to the evaluation of impairment of
long-lived assets.

         If events or changes in circumstances  indicate that the carrying value
of a hotel  property  to be held  and  used may be  impaired,  a  recoverability
analysis is performed based on estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated
from the  property in the future.  If the analysis  indicates  that the carrying
value is not recoverable from future cash flows, the property is written down to
estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized. If a decision is made
to sell a hotel property,  we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amount
of the  asset.  If the  evaluation  indicates  that  the  carrying  value is not
recoverable  from estimated net sales proceeds,  the property is written down to
estimated  fair value less costs to sell and an impairment  loss is  recognized.
Estimates of cash flows and fair values of the  properties  are based on current
market  conditions and consider matters such as revenues and occupancies for the
properties,  recent sales data for comparable  properties and, where applicable,
contracts  or  the  results  of  negotiations  with  purchasers  or  prospective
purchasers.  The  estimates  are subject to revision  as market  conditions  and
management's assessment of them change.

Results of Operations

Comparison  of the year ended  December 31, 2001 to the year ended  December 31,
2000

The comparison of operating results for 2001 and 2000 is affected  significantly
by changes in the lease agreements with HHM. These changes were as follows:

       o      Prior to 2001,  the leases  provided for base rents and percentage
              rents equal to varying  percentages  of quarterly  and  semiannual
              room  revenue  and annual  room  revenue in excess of a  threshold
              amount and 8% of monthly other revenues.  Operating expenses other
              than real estate  taxes and  property-related  insurance  were the
              responsibility  of the Lessee.  The leases were amended  effective
              January 1, 2001, to simplify the  percentage  rent  provisions and
              change the expense  responsibilities.  Under the  amended  leases,
              percentage  rents were  adjusted to 17.9% of monthly room revenues
              and the Lessee  assumed  responsibility  for real estate taxes and
              property-related  insurance  costs in exchange  for a reduction in
              rent approximating such costs.

       o      Effective  June 1, 2001,  the leases  relating  to the Sale Hotels
              were  terminated.  As a  result  of the  lease  terminations,  the
              Company began recognizing operating revenues and expenses relating
              to  the  Sale  Hotels.  The  Company  engaged  HHM to  manage  the
              properties for a monthly management fee equal to 5% of gross hotel
              revenues.

       o      Effective  October 1, 2001, the provisions of the remaining leases
              were amended to eliminate base rent and adjust percentage rents to
              15.9% of fourth quarter 2001 revenues.

       o      Effective  December 31, 2001, the leases relating to the remaining
              properties were terminated.  In connection with the termination of
              these  leases,   the  Company  paid  the  Lessee  a  nonrefundable
              termination fee of $400,000 which was recognized as a nonrecurring
              expense in the fourth quarter of 2001.

                                       22
<PAGE>

Operating  results are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31 (in
thousands):
<TABLE>
                                                                      2001               2000            Variance
                                                                  --------------    ---------------    --------------
               <S>                                                     <C>                  <C>               <C>
               Revenues                                                $ 28,477             33,195            (4,718)
               Interest expense                                        $ 10,522             10,843              (321)
               Depreciation expense                                     $ 8,204              8,382              (178)
               General and administrative expenses                      $ 2,730              2,383               347
               Hotel and property operations expenses                   $ 4,237              3,639               598
               Lease cancellation expense                                 $ 400                  -               400
               Gain (loss) on disposition of assets and
                 provision for impairment loss                         $ (1,153)              (401)             (752)

               Average daily room rate (ADR)                            $ 50.47              50.39
               Revenue per available room (RevPAR)                      $ 31.42              32.78
               Occupancy percentage                                          62%                65%
</TABLE>

       The decrease in revenues was due primarily to the amendments to the lease
agreements  that  became  effective  January 1, 2001 and  October  1, 2001.  The
aggregate  decrease in lease revenues due to these  amendments  ($7,326,000) and
the  decrease in lease  revenues  due to the  termination  of leases on the Sale
Hotels  ($2,441,000) were partially offset by the operating revenues of the Sale
Hotels ($5,327,000) for the period from June 1, 2001 to December 31, 2001.

       The  decrease in  interest  expense  was due  primarily  to a decrease in
interest rates on the Company's variable rate debt, offset in part by a $156,000
prepayment  penalty  incurred as a result of the  disposition of a Sale Hotel in
October 2001.

       The  decrease  in  depreciation  expense  was  due to the  suspension  of
depreciation  on the Sale Hotels  ($804,000)  being accounted for as assets held
for sale,  offset in part by a full year's  depreciation on five hotels acquired
in October 2000 ($244,000) and additions to existing hotel properties.

       The increase in general and administrative  expenses was due primarily to
higher  professional  services  fees  related  to the  Company's  review  of its
strategic  alternatives  ($575,000)  and fees  imposed  by  several  lenders  in
connection with securing loan covenant waivers  ($201,000),  partially offset by
non-recurring financing fees ($472,000) recorded in 2000.

       The  increase  in  hotel  and  property  operations  expenses  was due to
operating expenses related to the Sale Hotels ($4,030,000),  partially offset by
lower expenses for real estate taxes and property related  insurance as a result
of the amendment to the lease agreements effective January 1, 2001.

       As a  result  of its  decision  to sell  the  Sale  Hotels,  the  Company
evaluated the  recoverability  of the carrying amounts of each property based on
its estimated  fair value less costs to sell.  The Company  determined  that the
carrying  amounts of four of the 11 sale hotels were not recoverable from future
operating cash flows and sale. Accordingly, the Company recognized an impairment
loss of $1,192,000  for these hotels during the second quarter of 2001. In 2000,
the  Company  recognized  a loss  of  $401,000,  primarily  on  sale  of a hotel
property.

       The terrorist  attacks of September 11, 2001 were  unprecedented  and the
effects from the dramatic  events  continue to impact the national  economy and,
specifically,   the  hospitality   industry.   However,   the  events  have  not
significantly  impacted the operations of the Company.  The occupancy  rates and
average daily rates experienced by the majority of the hotel properties owned by
the Company have not seen significant  deterioration  from the levels seen prior
to the events of September 11, 2001.  However,  it is not currently  possible to
accurately  predict the  long-term  effects of these events and the Company will
continue  to  monitor  the  economies  that the  hotels  operate  within and the
operations of the hotel  properties  closely and the Company  remains subject to
the effects of general economic slowdown and recession.



                                       23
<PAGE>

Comparison  of the year ended  December 31, 2000 to the year ended  December 31,
1999

       The  comparison  of  operating  results  for 2000  and  1999 is  affected
significantly  by the  Merger.  Since  Supertel  was  considered  the  acquiring
enterprise for financial  reporting  purposes,  revenues and expenses associated
with the operations of the former Supertel  properties prior to October 26, 1999
(the date of the Merger) are  included in the  consolidated  statement of income
for 1999. Effective October 26, 1999, all of the former Supertel properties were
leased to the Lessee.  As a result,  for the  remainder of 1999 and all of 2000,
the Company  recognized no hotel operating revenues and hotel operating expenses
were limited to those which the Company retained  responsibility for under terms
of the leases  (i.e.,  real estate  taxes,  property-related  insurance and land
lease rents).

Operating  results are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31 (in
thousands):
<TABLE>
                                                                      2000               1999            Variance
                                                                  --------------    ---------------    --------------
               <S>                                                     <C>                  <C>              <C>
               Revenues                                                $ 33,195             49,636           (16,441)
               Interest expense                                        $ 10,843              5,069             5,774
               Depreciation expense                                     $ 8,382              5,233             3,149
               General and administrative expenses                      $ 2,383              3,724            (1,341)
               Hotel and property operations expenses                   $ 3,639             26,822           (23,183)
               Gain (loss) on disposition of assets and
                 provision for impairment loss                           $ (401)            (1,402)            1,001

               ADR                                                      $ 50.39              50.36 (a)
               RevPAR                                                   $ 32.78              33.23 (a)
               Occupancy percentage                                          65%                66%(a)

            (a) On a pro forma basis, assuming the companies had been combined at the beginning of 1999.
</TABLE>

       The decrease in revenues  reflects the change in the principal  source of
revenue from room rentals and other  services to base and  percentage  rent from
operating leases following the Merger.

       The increase in interest expense was due primarily to an increase in debt
related to the Merger.

       The increase in depreciation  expense was due to an increased  investment
in hotel properties following the Merger.

       The decrease in general and administrative  expenses was due primarily to
the effect of the Lessee assuming  responsibility for operating and managing the
hotel  properties,  partially offset by non-recurring  financing fees ($472,000)
recorded in 2000.

       The  decrease in hotel and property  operations  expenses was a result of
the Merger.  Hotel and property  operating  expenses  reported after October 26,
1999 were those which the Company retained responsibility for under terms of the
leases (primarily real estate taxes,  property-related  insurance and land lease
rents).

       In 2000, the Company recognized a loss of $401,000,  primarily on sale of
a hotel  property.  In  1999,  the  Company  recognized  an  impairment  loss of
$1,300,000  associated  with the write down of its  property  in Arizona to fair
market value.


                                       24
<PAGE>

Liquidity and Capital Resources

        Historically,  the Company's  principal  source of cash to meet its cash
requirements, including distributions to shareholders, has been its share of the
Partnerships'  cash  flow from  operations.  Prior to  December  31,  2001,  the
Partnerships'  principal source of revenue has been rent payments  received from
the Lessee.  Effective December 31, 2001, the Company terminated the Leases with
HHM and effective  January 1, 2002, the Company entered into new leases with its
taxable REIT subsidiary.

         Effective  January 1, 2002,  the TRS Lessee  entered  into a management
agreement with HHM to manage the hotels. Through the TRS structure,  the Company
effectively  has assumed  greater  risk in that the TRS Lessee will now bear the
responsibility for all of the operating expenses of the hotels,  plus payment of
rent to the REIT and management fees to HHM.  Accordingly,  the Company's income
and ability to meet its debt service  obligations and make  distributions to its
shareholders  will depend upon the operations of the hotels being conducted in a
manner that maintains or increases  revenue,  or reduces  expenses,  to generate
sufficient  hotel  operating  income  for the  TRS  Lessee  to pay  the  hotels'
operating  expenses,  including  management  fees, and rent to the Company.  The
Company  depends  on rent  payments  from the TRS  Lessee  to pay the  Company's
operating expenses, debt service and to make distributions to shareholders.  The
effects of the economic  recession  on the overall U.S.  economy and the adverse
impact it has had on the travel and lodging industry,  further compounded by the
events of September 11, 2001,  have had an adverse effect on the revenues of the
Company's Hotels and there can be no assurance that the operating performance of
the Company's Hotels will improve in the foreseeable future.

         At December 31, 2001,  the Company had long-term debt of $115.9 million
consisting of bonds,  notes and mortgages  payable.  Aggregate  annual principal
payments  and  payments  to bond  sinking  funds  for the next  five  years  and
thereafter are as follows (in thousands):


                          2002            $        40,114
                          2003                     26,530
                          2004                     24,361
                          2005                      2,952
                          2006                      1,001
                    Thereafter                     20,914
                                         ----------------
                                          $       115,872
                                         ================


         The Company currently intends to finance or refinance the debt payments
coming due in 2002 as follows:

       o      $22.5 million loan from Mercantile Bank  ("Mercantile")  due April
              30, 2002.  Mercantile  has indicated its intent to extend the loan
              for an  additional  one-year  period under  materially  consistent
              terms.

       o      $10  million  loan from Fleet  Bank due  September  1,  2002.  The
              Company expects to refinance this debt in one or more ways:

              o      negotiate a refinancing with Fleet Bank;

              o      negotiate a new loan with a new lender to repay Fleet Bank;
                     and/or

              o      obtain  individual  mortgage  loans  on  the  hotels  which
                     currently serve as collateral for the Fleet Bank loan.

                                       25
<PAGE>

                     The Company  believes  that the hotels  securing the Fleet
                     Bank loan are among the  better  performing  hotels in the
                     Company's  portfolio and that relatively low loan-to-value
                     of these  hotels  under  the Fleet  Bank loan will  permit
                     re-financing of these properties.

              o      U.S.  Bank National  Association  ("U.S.  Bank")  revolving
                     debt, with a current  balance of $4.4 million,  due October
                     31, 2002.  U.S.  Bank  extended this facility in 2001 for a
                     term of one year and the Company expects U.S. Bank to again
                     extend the loan when it becomes due in October 2002.

              o      The  remainder of  maturities  in 2002 consist of principal
                     amortization  on other  mortgage  loans and bonds which the
                     Company expects to fund through cash flow from operations.

         There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
negotiate the refinancing of its debt  obligations as they become due, or, if it
is able to  refinance  its debt,  whether such  refinancing  will be extended at
similar rates and terms.

         The  Company  is  actively  seeking  to sell a number of its hotels and
expects to use the proceeds to pay down debt. In January 2002,  the Company sold
its Macomb,  Illinois hotel for approximately $1.1 million and used the proceeds
to reduce its debt obligation to Mercantile. There can be no assurance, however,
that the  Company  will  continue  to be  successful  in selling  properties  at
attractive prices or at times which will permit the proceeds to be used to repay
debt obligations as they become due.

         The Company files  quarterly loan compliance  certificates  with six of
its  lenders  -  Mercantile  Bank,  U.S.  Bank,  Marquette  Capital  Bank,  N.A.
("Marquette  Bank"),  First  National  Bank of  Omaha,  Firstar  Bank and  Fleet
National  Bank  (collectively,  the  "Covenant  Lenders").  In  filing  its loan
compliance  certificates  for the quarter ended  September 30, 2001, the Company
disclosed  non-compliance with the loan covenant  requirements for its term loan
with Marquette Bank ($25.2 million  outstanding),  two term loans with U.S. Bank
($12.0 million and $7.7 million  outstanding)  and a term loan with Firstar Bank
($6.3  million  outstanding).  The  Company  also  reported  that  it was not in
compliance with cash flow coverage  requirements  for a $22.5 million  revolving
credit line with Mercantile  Bank. The Company  subsequently  cured the covenant
default on the $7.7 million U.S. Bank loan through a pay-down using the proceeds
of the sale of the  Company's  Irving,  Texas  hotel,  and has since  negotiated
extended loan covenant  modifications with each of the Covenant Lenders allowing
it to  temporarily  maintain  higher loan to value ratios and lower debt service
coverage ratios.  The modifications  were retroactive in effect to September 30,
2001 and,  with the  exception of  Mercantile  Bank,  Firstar Bank and Marquette
Bank,  extend through  September 30, 2002. The Mercantile  Bank and Firstar Bank
modifications  terminate  on March 31,  2002,  coinciding  with the  anticipated
refinancing of these debt  obligations in the second quarter of 2002.  Marquette
Bank extended its  modifications  through  December 31, 2002.  The loan covenant
modifications are subject to specific lender  conditions,  including a mandatory
limit on capital expenditures for fiscal year 2002, and restrictions prohibiting
dividend payments to shareholders at any time during 2002.

         Failure to pay the Company's  indebtedness  when due or failure to cure
covenant  defaults  could result in higher  interest  rates during the period of
such loan  defaults,  and could  ultimately  result in the loss of the Company's
hotels through lender foreclosure.

         The  Company's  hotels also require  regular  capital  improvements  to
remain  competitive  in their  markets.  In  addition,  the  franchisors  of the
Company's hotels and the Company's  lenders require periodic and regular capital
expenditures.  Under the terms of the loan covenant modifications, the Company's
capital  expenditures for the year 2002 have been limited to approximately 4% of
2002 estimated room revenues.  Subject to the Company  successfully  refinancing
its maturing debt  obligations,  the Company  expects to have adequate  funds to
meet its capital spending requirements during 2002.

         In addition to debt financing,  the Company has  historically  utilized
proceeds  from  underwritten  public  offerings  of  common  stock  to fund  its
liquidity  requirements,  particularly  acquisitions of hotels.  In light of the
Company's current financial  condition and the market price of its common stock,
the Company does not anticipate that it will issue equity securities in the near
future.  However,  the Company will continue to consider  opportunities to issue
common or preferred equity securities as part of its capital funding strategy.



                                       26
<PAGE>

         To maintain its REIT tax status,  the Company generally must distribute
at least 90% of its taxable income annually. In addition, the Company is subject
to  a  4%  non-deductible  excise  tax  if  the  actual  amount  distributed  to
shareholders  in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount  specified  under
the federal income tax laws. As described above, the current loan  modifications
restrict the  Company's  payment of dividends in 2002,  however,  such  payments
shall be  permitted in 2003 to the extent  necessary  to preserve the  Company's
REIT tax status. The Company has previously  announced a general dividend policy
of paying out  approximately  100% of annual  REIT  taxable  income.  Based upon
current  economic  conditions,  the rent terms of the leases between the Company
and  its  taxable  REIT  subsidiary,  and  the  Company's  expected  results  of
operations,  the  Company  does not  anticipate  paying  a  material  amount  of
dividends over the next several years.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Market Risk Information

         The market risk  associated  with financial  instruments and derivative
financial or commodity  instruments is the risk of loss from adverse  changes in
market prices or rates. The Company's market risk arises primarily from interest
rate risk relating to variable rate borrowings used to maintain liquidity (e.g.,
credit line borrowings).  The Company's interest rate risk management  objective
is to limit the impact of interest  rate changes on earnings and cash flows.  In
order to achieve this  objective,  the Company  relies  primarily on  long-term,
fixed rate  nonrecourse  loans from  institutional  lenders to finance its hotel
properties. The Company is not currently using derivative financial or commodity
instruments to manage interest rate risk.

       Management  monitors the Company's interest rate risk closely.  The table
below  presents  the  annual  maturities,  weighted  average  interest  rates on
outstanding  debt at the end of each year and fair  values  required to evaluate
the  expected  cash flows under debt and related  agreements  and the  Company's
sensitivity to interest rate changes at December 31, 2001.  Information relating
to debt  maturities  is based on expected  maturity  dates and is  summarized as
follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
                                2002       2003        2004       2005        2006    Thereafter    Total    Fair Value
                             --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>      <C>        <C>
Fixed Rate Debt                 $ 3,144      26,530     24,361       2,952      1,001      20,914     78,902      78,686
Average Interest Rate             8.50%       8.77%      8.37%       8.44%      8.29%       8.18%      8.46%           -

Variable Rate Debt              $36,970           -          -           -          -           -     36,970      36,970
Average Interest Rate             5.00%           -          -           -          -           -      5.00%           -
</TABLE>

         As the  table  incorporates  only  those  exposures  that  exist  as of
December 31, 2001, it does not consider  exposures or positions that could arise
after that date. As a result,  the Company's ultimate realized gain or loss with
respect to interest rate  fluctuations  would depend on the exposures that arise
after December 31, 2001 and interest rates.

                                       27
<PAGE>

New Accounting Standards

       In June 2001,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board (FASB) issued
Statement  of  Financial   Accounting   Standards  (SFAS)  No.  141,   "Business
Combinations" and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS No.
141 requires  that the purchase  method of  accounting  be used for all business
combinations  initiated  after June 30, 2001. SFAS No.142 changes the accounting
for  goodwill  and  intangible  assets  with  indefinite  useful  lives  from an
amortization approach to an impairment-only  approach.  The adoption of SFAS No.
142 on  January  1,  2002 will not have an  effect  on the  Company's  financial
statements.

       In October  2001,  the FASB  issued  SFAS No.  144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment  or Disposal of  Long-Lived  Assets."  SFAS No. 144  supercedes  SFAS
No.121,  "Accounting  for  Impairment  of Long-Lived  Assets and for  Long-Lived
Assets to Be Disposed  Of," and APB Opinion  No. 30,  "Reporting  the Results of
Operations - Reporting  the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business,  and
Extraordinary,  Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions." The
Statement does not change the fundamental  provisions of SFAS No. 121;  however,
it resolves  various  implementation  issues of SFAS No. 121 and  establishes  a
single  accounting  model for  long-lived  assets to be disposed of by sale.  It
retains  the  requirement  of Opinion No. 30 to report  separately  discontinued
operations,  but extends that  reporting to a component of an entity that either
has been disposed of (by sale, abandonment,  or in distribution to owners) or is
classified as held for sale.  Adoption of this Statement in 2002 will affect the
presentation of the Company's results of operations in that the Sale Hotels will
be reported as discontinued operations.

                                       28
<PAGE>

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                            Page
    HUMPHREY HOSPITALITY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORTS                               30

    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000             32

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                 DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000, AND 1999                           33

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY FOR THE
                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999                34

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS
                 ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999                      35

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                               37

    SCHEDULE III-- REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION                  50

    NOTES TO SCHEDULE III-- REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION         54


Supplementary information required by this Item is presented in Item 6.


                                       29
<PAGE>

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc.:

We have audited the consolidated  financial  statements of Humphrey  Hospitality
Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and for the year then ended
as  listed  in the  accompanying  index.  In  connection  with our  audit of the
consolidated financial statements,  we have also audited the financial statement
schedule  as listed in the  accompanying  index.  These  consolidated  financial
statements  and  financial  statement  schedule  are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
consolidated  financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our
audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards  generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Humphrey Hospitality
Trust,  Inc. and  subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001, and the results of their
operations  and their  cash  flows for the year then  ended in  conformity  with
accounting  principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also
in our opinion, the financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to
the basic consolidated  financial statements taken as a whole,  presents fairly,
in all material respects, the information set forth therein.


                                            KPMG LLP

Baltimore, Maryland
March 22, 2002


                                       30
<PAGE>

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc.:

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet  of  Humphrey
Hospitality  Trust,  Inc. and  subsidiaries  as of December  31,  2000,  and the
related  statements of operations,  shareholders'  equity and cash flows for the
two years in the period ended  December  31, 2000 as listed in the  accompanying
index.  These  consolidated  financial  statements are the responsibility of the
Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatements. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Humphrey Hospitality
Trust,  Inc. and  subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000, and the results of their
operations  and their cash  flows for each of the two years in the period  ended
December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting  principles  generally accepted
in the United States of America.


                                     Reznick Fedder & Silverman

Baltimore, Maryland
March 8, 2001


                                       31
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc.
                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                         (In thousands, except per share and share data)

                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                             2001                  2000
                                                                                      -------------------   -------------------

ASSETS
<S>                                                                                            <C>                   <C>
    Investments in hotel properties                                                            $ 182,963             $ 206,569
    Less accumulated depreciation                                                                 40,141                38,259
                                                                                      -------------------   -------------------
                                                                                                 142,822               168,310

    Hotel properties held for sale                                                                18,996                     -
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      5,021                   228
    Accounts receivable                                                                              124                 3,411
    Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                 81                   338
    Deferred financing costs, net                                                                    905                 1,324
                                                                                      -------------------   -------------------

                                                                                               $ 167,949             $ 173,611
                                                                                      ===================   ===================

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
LIABILITIES
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                        $ 3,900               $ 4,276
    Long-term debt                                                                               115,872               119,254
                                                                                      -------------------   -------------------
                                                                                                 119,772               123,530
                                                                                      -------------------   -------------------

    Minority interest in consolidated partnerships                                                 5,811                 7,182
                                                                                      -------------------   -------------------


SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
    Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 10,000,000 shares
      authorized; no shares issued and outstanding                                                     -                     -
    Common stock, $.01 par value, 25,000,000 shares authorized;
      11,318,136 and 11,173,543 shares issued and
      outstanding, respectively                                                                      113                   112
    Additional paid-in capital                                                                    49,776                48,438
    Distributions in excess of retained earnings                                                  (7,523)               (5,651)
                                                                                      -------------------   -------------------
                                                                                                  42,366                42,899
                                                                                      -------------------   -------------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

                                                                                               $ 167,949             $ 173,611
                                                                                      ===================   ===================
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       32
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc.
                                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                              (In thousands, except per share data)



                                                                              Years ended December 31,
                                                                                2001           2000          1999
                                                                            -------------  -------------  ------------
REVENUES
<S>                                                                             <C>            <C>            <C>
    Base and percentage rents                                                   $ 22,883       $ 32,844       $ 5,656
    Room rentals and other hotel services                                          5,327              -        43,871
    Other                                                                            267            351           109
                                                                            -------------  -------------  ------------
                                                                                  28,477         33,195        49,636
                                                                            -------------  -------------  ------------

EXPENSES
    Interest                                                                      10,522         10,843         5,069
    Depreciation                                                                   8,204          8,382         5,223
    General and administrative                                                     2,730          2,383         3,724
    Hotel and property operations                                                  4,237          3,639        26,822
    Lease cancellation expense                                                       400              -             -
                                                                            -------------  -------------  ------------
                                                                                  26,093         25,247        40,838
                                                                            -------------  -------------  ------------

EARNINGS BEFORE GAIN (LOSS) ON DISPOSITION
    OF ASSETS AND PROVISION FOR IMPAIRMENT
    LOSS AND MINORITY INTEREST                                                     2,384          7,948         8,798

Gain (loss) on disposition of assets and
    provision for impairment loss                                                 (1,153)          (401)       (1,402)
Minority interest                                                                   (522)          (588)         (113)
                                                                            -------------  -------------  ------------

EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES                                                         709          6,959         7,283

Income taxes                                                                           -              -         1,695
                                                                            -------------  -------------  ------------

NET EARNINGS                                                                       $ 709        $ 6,959       $ 5,588
                                                                            =============  =============  ============


NET EARNINGS PER SHARE - basic and diluted                                        $ 0.06         $ 0.62        $ 0.93
                                                                            =============  =============  ============
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       33
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc.
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                              (In thousands, except per share data)


                                          Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
                                                                                     Distributions in
                                                 Common        Additional Paid-         Excess of
                                                  Stock           In Capital        Retained Earnings         Total
                                             ----------------  ------------------  --------------------- -----------------

<S>                                                     <C>             <C>                    <C>               <C>
Balance at December 31, 1998                            $ 48            $ 18,388               $ 19,483          $ 37,919

Exercise of share options                                  2               1,942                      -             1,944

Issuance of shares in merger,
net of registration costs                                 62              31,855                      -            31,917

Adjustments to minority interest
from issuance of common
stock in merger                                            -              (3,602)                     -            (3,602)

Merger costs paid                                          -                (145)                     -              (145)

Dividends - $5.36 per share                                -                   -                (27,491)          (27,491)

Net earnings                                               -                   -                  5,588             5,588
                                             ----------------  ------------------  --------------------- -----------------

Balance at December 31, 1999                             112              48,438                 (2,420)           46,130


Dividends - $.92 per share                                 -                   -                (10,190)          (10,190)

Net earnings                                               -                   -                  6,959             6,959
                                             ----------------  ------------------  --------------------- -----------------

Balance at December 31, 2000                             112              48,438                 (5,651)           42,899

Conversion of operating
partnership units                                          1               1,338                      -             1,339

Dividends - $.23 per share                                 -                   -                 (2,581)           (2,581)

Net earnings                                               -                   -                    709               709
                                             ----------------  ------------------  --------------------- -----------------

Balance at December 31, 2001                           $ 113            $ 49,776               $ (7,523)         $ 42,366
                                             ================  ==================  ===================== =================
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       34
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc.
                                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                         (In thousands)

                                                                                    Years ended December 31,
                                                                                     2001             2000            1999
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
<S>                                                                                     <C>            <C>             <C>
    Net earnings                                                                        $ 709          $ 6,959         $ 5,588
    Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash
         provided by operating activities:
           Depreciation                                                                 8,204            8,382           5,223
           Amortization of deferred financing costs                                       636              570             355
           Write-off of non-recurring financing fees                                        -              472               -
           (Gain) loss on disposition of assets and
              provision for impairment loss                                             1,153              401           1,402
           Minority interest in earnings                                                  522              588             113
           Deferred income taxes                                                            -                -            (926)
           Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
              (Increase) decrease in assets                                             3,544            1,077            (428)
              Decrease in liabilities                                                  (1,010)            (847)         (4,437)
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------
                Net cash provided by operating activities                              13,758           17,602           6,890
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
      Additions to hotel properties                                                    (4,537)          (6,024)         (4,626)
      Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                      2,306            1,974              25
      Acquisition costs paid, net of cash received                                          -                -            (692)
      Distribution to minority interest                                                  (585)            (900)           (781)
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------
                Net cash used in investing activities                                  (2,816)          (4,950)         (6,074)
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
      Deferred financing costs                                                           (186)            (198)         (1,556)
      Principal payments on long-term debt                                             (6,232)          (6,252)        (61,664)
      Proceeds from long-term debt                                                      2,850            3,326          76,264
      Merger costs paid                                                                     -                -            (145)
      Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net                                           -                -           1,944
      Dividends paid                                                                   (2,581)         (10,130)        (26,350)
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------
                Net cash used in financing activities                                  (6,149)         (13,254)        (11,507)
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                        4,793             (602)        (10,691)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR                                              228              830          11,521
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR                                                $ 5,021            $ 228           $ 830
                                                                                  ============    =============    ============

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
      Interest paid                                                                  $  9,983           10,067           4,588
      Income taxes paid                                                                     -              734           1,979
                                                                                  ============    =============    ============
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
                                                                     (CONTINUED)


                                       35
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc.
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED
                                                         (In thousands)

SCHEDULE OF NONCASH INVESTING AND
     FINANCING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                     2001             2000            1999
                                                                                  ------------    -------------    ------------

      <S>                                                                             <C>                <C>               <C>
      Conversion of operating partnership units                                       $ 1,339                -               -
                                                                                  ============    =============    ============
      Issuance of operating partnership units                                              31            3,908               -
                                                                                  ============    =============    ============

      During 2000, the Company acquired five hotels in exchange
         for cash and 376,434 preferred operating partnership units
         and assumption of debt.  The assets acquired and liabilities
         assumed are summarized as follows:

           Fair value of hotel properties acquired                                    $ 6,971
           Fair value of debt assumed                                                  (3,207)
                                                                                  ------------
           Fair value of operating partnership units (minority interest)             $  3,764
                                                                                  ============

      During 1999, the Company acquired 25 hotels pursuant to
         a merger in exchange for 6,541,843 shares of
         common stock and the assumption of indebtedness.  The
         assets acquired and liabilities assumed are summarized
         as follows:

           Fair value of hotel properties acquired                                   $ 74,249
           Fair value of other assets acquired                                          3,681
           Fair value of debt assumed                                                 (42,711)
           Fair value of other liabilities assumed                                     (3,302)
                                                                                  ------------
           Fair value of net assets acquired                                         $ 31,917
                                                                                  ============
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       36
<PAGE>

                Humphrey Hospitality Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999


Note 1.  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business
-----------------------

         Humphrey  Hospitality Trust, Inc. (HHTI) was incorporated on August 23,
1994. The Company is a self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT) for
Federal  income tax purposes.  As of December 31, 2001,  HHTI,  through  various
wholly owned  subsidiaries  (collectively,  the  Company),  owned a  controlling
interest in 91 limited  service hotels which contain  approximately  6,300 rooms
and are located in 19 states.

         On October 26, 1999 (date of acquisition), HHTI completed a merger with
Supertel  Hospitality,  Inc.  (Supertel).  Supertel  owned and operated  limited
service  hotel  properties  under the Super 8,  Comfort  Inn,  and  Wingate  Inn
franchises  located  primarily  in the  Midwest  and  Texas.  Under  the  merger
agreement,  HHTI  exchanged  1.3 shares of HHTI  common  stock for each share of
Supertel  common  stock.  The merger was  accounted  for as a purchase  and,  in
accordance  with the provisions of Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. 16,
"Business  Combinations,"  Supertel was considered the acquiring  enterprise for
financial   reporting  purposes.   Accordingly,   a  new  accounting  basis  was
established for HHTI's assets and liabilities  based on their fair values at the
date of acquisition and the operating  results of HHTI have been included in the
Company's financial statements since the date of acquisition.  Prior to the date
of  acquisition,  the  financial  statements  of the  Company  include the hotel
operations and historical  information of Supertel;  at the date of acquisition,
the hotels of  Supertel  were leased to Supertel  Hospitality  Management,  Inc.
("SHMI"), a subsidiary of Humphrey Hospitality  Management Inc.,  (collectively,
"HHM" or the "Lessee")  which was also the lessee of HHTI's hotels.  The Company
has included expenditures related directly to the merger and acquisition as part
of the cost of acquiring HHTI's assets. Expenditures incurred in connection with
the registration of the common stock issued in the merger have been reflected as
a  reduction  of  paid-in  capital.   The  merger  agreement  provided  for  the
stockholders  of  Supertel  to  receive a  pre-closing  dividend  of  Supertel's
earnings  and profits,  which was paid by Supertel on October 25,  1999,  in the
amount of $5.13 per share.

         All of the  Company's  interests  in  properties  are held  directly or
indirectly by E&P REIT Trust,  Humphrey  Hospitality  Limited Partnership (HHLP)
and  Solomons  Beacon  Inn  Limited  Partnership  (SBILP)   (collectively,   the
Partnerships).  Subject to certain conditions,  units of partnership interest in
HHLP  ("Units")  may be  exchanged  by the limited  partners for cash or, at the
option of HHTI, the obligation may be assumed by HHTI and paid either in cash or
shares of common stock of HHTI on a one-for-one  basis. HHTI is the sole general
partner in HHLP and at December 31, 2001, owned  approximately  88% of the Units
in HHLP.  HHLP is the general  partner in SBILP.  At December 31, 2001, HHLP and
HHTI owned a 99% and 1% interest in SBILP, respectively.

         James I. Humphrey, Jr., Secretary and a director of the Company, is the
sole shareholder of the Lessee at December 31, 2001. Paul Schulte, the Company's
Chairman  of the  Board,  serves as an interim  President  of SHMI for an annual
compensation  package of one dollar  ($1.00).  No other member of the  Company's
board has a financial interest in the Lessee.

Principles of Consolidation
---------------------------

         The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of HHTI, its
wholly owned subsidiaries,  Humphrey  Hospitality REIT Trust and E & P Financing
Limited Partnership (EPFLP), and the Partnerships.  All significant intercompany
balances and  transactions  have been eliminated in the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       37
<PAGE>

Note 1.  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Reclassifications
-----------------

         Certain  amounts  for 2000 have been  reclassified  to  conform  to the
presentation  for 2001. In particular,  a portion of the minority  interest from
issuance of preferred  operating  partnership  units in an  acquisition  in 2000
($2,094,000), which was classified in shareholders' equity at December 31, 2000,
has been reclassified to and included in minority interest.

Use of Estimates
----------------

         The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity with accounting
principles   generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America  requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and  liabilities  and disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses recognized during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Investment in Hotel Properties
------------------------------

         Hotel  properties  to be held and used in  operations  are  recorded at
cost, reduced for impairment losses where appropriate. Hotel properties held for
sale  are  carried  at the  lower of  their  carrying  value  (i.e.,  cost  less
accumulated  depreciation and any impairment loss recognized,  where applicable)
or estimated  fair value less costs to sell.  The net  carrying  values of hotel
properties  are  classified as held for sale when senior  management  authorizes
their  disposition,  the Company  begins  marketing the  properties for sale and
various  other  criteria  for a plan of sale  are  met.  Depreciation  of  these
properties is discontinued at that time.

          Depreciation  is  computed  using the  straight-line  method  over the
estimated  useful  lives of the  assets,  which  range  from 20 to 40 years  for
buildings and 5 to 12 years for furniture,  fixtures and equipment.  Maintenance
and repairs are expensed as incurred, but have generally been the responsibility
of the Lessee.  Major  replacements,  renewals and improvements are capitalized.
Upon  disposition,  both the asset and  accumulated  depreciation  accounts  are
removed from the accounts and the related gain or loss is credited or charged to
income.

         If events or circumstances  indicate that the carrying value of a hotel
property  to be held and used may be  impaired,  a  recoverability  analysis  is
performed based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows to be generated from
the  property.  If  the  analysis  indicates  that  the  carrying  value  is not
recoverable  from future cash flows,  the  property is written down to estimated
fair value and an impairment loss is recognized.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
-------------------------

         Cash and  cash  equivalents  include  cash and  various  highly  liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less when acquired,  and
are carried at cost which approximates fair value.

Deferred Financing Costs
------------------------

         Deferred  financing  costs are amortized to interest  expense using the
straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method, over the
terms of the respective loans.

                                       38
<PAGE>

Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Revenue Recognition
-------------------

         Revenues from the  operations of the hotel  properties  are  recognized
when earned.  Base rental  revenues are  recognized  when due under terms of the
leases with the Lessee.  Percentage  rent  revenues  are  recognized  when hotel
operating or other revenues  exceed the minimum  threshold (if any) required for
percentage rent under terms of the lease agreements.

Income Taxes
------------

         The  Company  qualifies  and  intends to  continue to qualify as a REIT
under  applicable  provisions  of the  Internal  Revenue  Code,  as amended.  In
general,  under  such  Code  provisions,  a trust  which  has made the  required
election and, in the taxable year, meets certain requirements and distributes to
its  shareholders at least 90% of its REIT taxable income will not be subject to
Federal  income  tax  to  the  extent  of  the  income  which  it   distributes.
Accordingly,  no provision  for Federal  income taxes has been  reflected in the
financial statements of the Company since the date of acquisition.  Earnings and
profits,  which  determine the taxability of dividends to  shareholders,  differ
from net income  reported for  financial  reporting  purposes  due  primarily to
differences in  depreciation of hotel  properties for Federal tax purposes.  The
Company's 2001 dividend  distributions exceeded its estimated taxable income for
the year and all distributions are considered ordinary income.

         Prior to October 26, 1999,  income taxes were  accounted  for under the
asset and  liability  method.  Under this  method,  deferred  income  taxes were
recognized for temporary  differences  between the financial  statement carrying
amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  respective  tax basis and for
operating loss and tax credit  carryforwards based on enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable  income in the years in which they are  realized or settled.
Deferred income taxes recorded at October 26, 1999,  were  eliminated  after the
merger.

          Under the REIT Modernization Act (RMA), which became effective January
1,  2001,  the  Company  is  permitted  to  lease  its  hotels  to one  or  more
wholly-owned  taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS") and may continue to qualify as a
REIT provided that the TRS enters into  management  agreements with an "eligible
independent  contractor"  who will  manage  the  hotels  leased by the TRS.  The
Company has formed a wholly owned TRS (the "TRS Lessee") and,  effective January
1, 2002,  the TRS Lessee  leased  all of the hotel  properties.  The TRS will be
subject to taxation similar to a C-Corporation.

         In connection  with its election to be taxed as a REIT, the Company has
elected to be subject to the "built-in gain" rules. Under these rules, taxes may
be  payable  at the time and to the  extent  that  the net  unrealized  gains on
Supertel's  assets  at  the  date  of  acquisition  are  recognized  in  taxable
dispositions  of such assets in the subsequent  ten-year  period.  This ten-year
period expires October 2009. Management does not expect that the Company will be
required to make significant  payments of taxes on built-in gains throughout the
ten-year  period  due to the  potential  for  the  Company  to  make  nontaxable
dispositions,  if necessary.  Accordingly, at December 31, 2001, no deferred tax
liability  for  built-in  gains  has been  recognized.  It may be  necessary  to
recognize a  liability  for such taxes in the future if  management's  plans and
intentions with respect to asset dispositions or the related tax laws change.

                                       39
<PAGE>

Note 1.  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Earnings Per Share
------------------

         Basic  earnings  per share  ("EPS") is computed  by  dividing  earnings
available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding.   Diluted  EPS  is  computed  after  adjusting  the  numerator  and
denominator  of the  basic  EPS  computation  for the  effects  of all  dilutive
potential common shares  outstanding  during the period. The dilutive effects of
convertible  securities  are computed  using the "if  converted"  method and the
dilutive  effects of options,  warrants and their  equivalents  (including fixed
awards and nonvested  shares issued under  share-based  compensation  plans) are
computed using the "treasury stock" method.

Concentration of Credit Risk
----------------------------

         The  Company   maintains   its  deposits,   including  its   repurchase
agreements,  with three major banks. At December 31, 2001, the balances reported
by two banks exceeded the federal deposit insurance limit;  however,  management
believes  that no  significant  credit risk exists with respect to the uninsured
portion of these cash balances.

Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments
-----------------------------------------------------

         The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents,  accounts, accounts
payable,  and  accrued  expenses  approximate  fair  value  because of the short
maturity  of  these   instruments.   The  carrying   amount  of  long-term  debt
approximated  fair value as of December  31, 2000.  Information  relating to the
fair value of long-term debt at December 31, 2001 is presented in note 3.

Note 2.  Investment in Hotel Properties and Related Matters

         Investment in hotel  properties  consisted of the following at December
31 (in thousands):

                                                2001                2000
                                          -------------       --------------

Land                                          $ 20,761             $ 23,981
Buildings and improvements                     131,039              148,126
Furniture and equipment                         29,705               31,853
Vehicles                                           177                  271
Construction-in-progress                         1,281                2,338
                                          -------------       --------------

                                               182,963              206,569
Less accumulated depreciation                   40,141               38,259
                                          -------------       --------------

                                               142,822              168,310
Hotel properties held for sale                  18,996                    -
                                          -------------       --------------

                                             $ 161,818            $ 168,310
                                          =============       ==============


                                       40
<PAGE>

Note 2.  Investment in Hotel Properties and Related Matters (continued)

       Effective  October 26, 1999, all of the hotel  properties  were leased to
the Lessee.  The Leases  provided for base rents and  percentage  rents equal to
varying  percentages  of quarterly and  semiannual  room revenue and annual room
revenue  in excess of a  threshold  amount  and 8% of  monthly  other  revenues.
Operating expenses other than real estate taxes and  property-related  insurance
were the responsibility of the Lessee. The leases were amended effective January
1, 2001,  to simplify  the  percentage  rent  provisions  and change the expense
responsibilities.  Under the amended leases,  percentage  rents were adjusted to
17.9% of monthly room revenues and the Lessee  assumed  responsibility  for real
estate taxes and property-related insurance costs in exchange for a reduction in
rent approximating such costs.

         In March  2001,  the Lessee  advised  the  Company  that the Lessee had
incurred,  and  expected  to  continue  to incur,  losses  from the  leasing and
operation of the hotel  properties.  The Lessee cited  several  adverse  factors
giving rise to the losses and  requested  relief from the Company in the form of
substantial  reductions  in the rent  under the  leases.  After  evaluating  its
business  strategy and operating  structure and extensive  negotiations with the
Lessee, the Company:

       o      Identified eleven hotel properties (the "sale hotels") that it has
              decided  to sell.  The leases  relating  to the sale  hotels  were
              terminated  effective June 1, 2001, and the Company engaged HHM to
              manage the properties;
       o      Agreed to amend the provisions of the remaining  leases  effective
              October  1, 2001,  to  eliminate  base rent and adjust  percentage
              rents to 15.9% of fourth quarter 2001 revenues;
       o      Agreed to terminate the  remaining  leases on December 31, 2001;
       o      Entered into leases with the TRS Lessee effective January 1, 2002;
              and
       o      Entered,  through the TRS Lessee, into a management agreement with
              HHM  for  management  of  all  of  the  hotel  properties  through
              September 30, 2005 (see note 8).

         As a  result  of its  decision  to sell the sale  hotels,  the  Company
evaluated the recoverability of the carrying amounts of each sale hotel based on
their estimated fair values less costs to sell. The Company  determined that the
carrying  amounts of four of the 11 sale hotels were not recoverable from future
operating cash flows and sale. Accordingly, the Company recognized an impairment
loss of $1,192,000 for these hotels during the second quarter of 2001.

         Effective  June 1, 2001,  the  Company  engaged  HHM to manage the sale
hotels at a monthly  management  fee equal to 5% of gross  hotel  revenues.  The
Company incurred management fees of $266,000 pursuant to this agreement in 2001.

         The Company  sold one of the sale  hotels in 2001 and at  December  31,
2001, there were contracts or non-binding  letters of intent for the sale of two
additional hotels.  The Company is actively marketing the remaining  properties.
For 2001, the Company  recognized room rentals and other hotel services revenues
of $5,327,000 and hotel  operating  expenses of $4,030,000  relating to the sale
hotels.

         In connection  with the termination of the leases on December 31, 2001,
the Company paid the Lessee a  nonrefundable  termination  fee of $400,000.  The
consideration for canceling the leases was recognized as a nonrecurring  expense
in the fourth quarter of 2001.

         In the fourth quarter of 2001, the Company  disposed of its interest in
a Super 8 hotel located in Irving,  Texas, and realized a gain on disposition of
approximately  $37,000.  In 2000,  the Company  recognized  a loss of  $401,000,
primarily  on sale of a hotel  property.  In 1999,  the  Company  recognized  an
impairment loss of $1,300,000  associated with the write down of its property in
Arizona to fair market value.

                                       41
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Note 3.  Long-Term Debt

Long-term debt consisted of the following bonds,  notes and mortgages payable at
December 31 (in thousands):

                                                                                            2001            2000
                                                                                       ---------------  -------------
<S> <C>
Mortgage loan payable to Bertha  Wetzler,  evidenced by a promissory  note dated
November 1, 1994,  in the amount of $1.24  million.  The note bears  interest at
9.25% per annum  payable in  monthly  installments  of  principal  and  interest
through  maturity on November 1, 2009, at which point the outstanding  principal
balance and accrued interest are due.                                                        $ 648          $ 730

Crestar  bonds  payable  with  interest  at 8.5% per annum,  maturing in varying
amounts through November 1, 2005.                                                            2,093          2,149

Mortgage  loan payable to Regions  Bank,  N.A.,  evidenced by a promissory  note
dated  August 5, 1998,  in the  amount of $3  million.  The note bears  interest
during the initial five-year period at 8.00% per annum and thereafter during the
remaining  term at a rate  equal to 250  basis  points  over the  index  rate as
defined in the  promissory  note. The interest rate will be adjusted every fifth
anniversary.  Monthly  principal  and  interest  payments  are  payable  through
maturity on August 5, 2018, at which point the  remaining  principal and accrued
interest are due.                                                                            2,764          2,840

Mortgage loan payable to Susquehanna  Bank evidenced by a promissory  note dated
February 8, 1999,  in the amount of  approximately  $5  million.  The note bears
interest during the initial  five-year  period at 7.75% per annum and thereafter
during the  remaining  term at a rate equal to 275 basis  points  over the index
rate as defined in the  promissory  note.  The interest rate will be adjusted on
the fifth  anniversary.  Monthly  principal  and  interest  payments are payable
through maturity on February 8, 2009, at which point the remaining principal and
accrued interest are due.                                                                    4,851          4,930

Mortgage loans payable to Marquette  Capital Bank, N.A. ($16 million) and Bremer
Bank,  National  Association  ($10 million)  evidenced by promissory notes dated
October 22, 1999. The notes bear interest at 8.81% per annum.  Monthly principle
and interest  payments are payable  through  maturity on July 22, 2003, at which
point the remaining principle and accrued interest are due.                                 25,236         25,750

Mortgage loan payable to First National Bank of Omaha  evidenced by a promissory
note in the  amount of $15  million  dated  October  20,  1999.  The note  bears
interest at 8.4% per annum.  Monthly principle and interest payments are payable
through maturity on November 1, 2009, at which point the remaining principle and
accrued interest are due.                                                                   14,312         14,645



                                       42
<PAGE>

Note 3.  Long-Term Debt (continued)
                                                                                            2001            2000
                                                                                       ---------------  -------------

Term loan credit  facility  from U.S. Bank National  Association  ("U.S.  Bank")
evidenced by a promissory  note in the amount of $13 million  dated  October 20,
1999.  The note bears  interest at 8.31% per annum through  October 20, 2002 and
LIBOR plus 2.25% thereafter. Principal and interest are payable monthly based on
a fifteen-year  amortization  period with the outstanding  principal and accrued
interest payable in full on October 15, 2004.                                             $ 11,988       $ 12,488

Term loan credit  facility from U.S. Bank evidenced by a promissory  note in the
amount of $10 million dated October 20, 1999.  The note bears  interest at 8.53%
per annum.  Principal and interest are payable in monthly  installments with the
outstanding principal and accrued interest payable in full on October 15, 2004.              7,674          9,614

Revolving  credit  facility from U.S. Bank evidenced by a promissory  note dated
October  30, 1999 for up to $7 million  (reduced to $5 million in 2001)  bearing
interest at LIBOR plus 1.75% per annum  (3.63%) at December  31,  2001,  payable
monthly with the outstanding  principal and accrued  interest payable in full on
October 31, 2002.                                                                            4,430          4,955

Mortgage  loan  payable to Firstar Bank  evidenced  by a promissory  note in the
amount of $6.7 million dated October 20, 1999.  The note bears  interest at 8.3%
per annum.  Principal and interest are payable in monthly  installments with the
outstanding principal and accrued interest payable in full on October 31, 2004.              6,343          6,494

Mortgage loans payable to First  Citizens  National Bank evidenced by promissory
notes totaling  approximately  $1 million.  The loan obligations were assumed on
October 19, 2000 in conjunction with the acquisition of hotel assets.  The notes
bear interest at 8.45% per annum with interest rates locked through November 11,
2005.  Principal and interest  payments are due in monthly  installments and the
notes  mature  on July  20,  2012,  February  1,  2008  and  February  1,  2005,
respectively.                                                                                  894            978

Mortgage  loan  payable  to Peoples  National  Bank of  Kewanee  evidenced  by a
promissory note in the amount of approximately $.7 million.  The loan obligation
was assumed on October 20, 2000 in  conjunction  with the  acquisition  of hotel
assets.  The note bears interest at 8.5% per annum with the interest rate locked
until 2005. Principal and interest payments are due in monthly installments with
the outstanding principal and interest payable in full on October 1, 2014.                     654            681

                                       43
<PAGE>

Note 3.  Long-Term Debt (continued)

                                                                                            2001            2000
                                                                                       ---------------  -------------

Mortgage loan payable to Security State Bank  evidenced by a promissory  note in
the amount of  approximately  $.2 million.  The loan  obligation  was assumed on
October 20, 2000 in conjunction  with the acquisition of hotel assets.  The note
bears  interest at 8.5% per annum.  Principal  and interest  payments are due in
monthly installments with the outstanding principal and interest payable in full
on July 1, 2003.                                                                             $ 194          $ 206

Mortgage loan payable to Union Planters Bank  evidenced by a promissory  note in
the amount of  approximately  $.5 million.  The loan  obligation  was assumed on
October 23, 2000 in conjunction  with the acquisition of hotel assets.  The note
bears  interest at 7.75% per annum.  Principal and interest  payments are due in
monthly installments to October 1, 2014.                                                       434            446

Mortgage loans payable to Small Business Administration  evidenced by promissory
notes  in  the  aggregate  amounts  of  approximately  $.9  million.   The  loan
obligations  were assumed on October 23, 2000,  October 19, 2000 and October 20,
2000,  respectively,  in conjunction  with the acquisition of hotel assets.  The
notes bear interest at 8.12%, 8.95%, and 7.8% per annum, respectively. Principal
and  interest  payments  are due in  monthly  installments  to  January 1, 2017,
December 11, 2011 and May 1, 2013, respectively.                                               817            857

Credit  facility with Fleet  National Bank dated  September 1, 2001.  The credit
facility  bears  interest at a variable  rate (5.61% at December  31,  2001) and
matures on September 1, 2002.                                                               10,000         11,151

Mortgage loan payable to Mercantile Safe Deposit and Trust Company  ("Mercantile
Bank") under the terms of a $25.5 million line of credit.  The terms of the line
of credit require  monthly  installments of interest only at the prime rate plus
 .25% (5% per annum as of December 31,  2001).  The  outstanding  principal  plus
accrued interest are payable in full in April 2002.                                         22,540         20,340
                                                                                    ---------------  -------------

                                                                                         $ 115,872      $ 119,254
                                                                                    ===============  =============
</TABLE>

         The long-term debt is secured by all of the Company's hotel properties.
In addition,  as of December 31, 2001, the first  $2,000,000  outstanding on the
Mercantile  Bank line of credit  is  guaranteed  jointly  and  severally  by the
Company and Mr.  Humphrey.  In  addition,  the  Company's  chairman  and another
director have guaranteed, jointly and severally with the Company, the payment of
interest and principal on  $5,000,000  of certain of the  Company's  outstanding
long-term  debt with U.S.  Bank.  As of  December  31,  2001,  the  Company  has
indemnified the above  individuals  should these  guarantees be called on by the
respective lenders. The Company's debt agreements contain requirements as to the
maintenance of minimum levels of debt service coverage and loan-to-value  ratios
and net worth, and place certain restrictions on distributions.



                                       44
<PAGE>

Note 3.  Long-Term Debt (continued)

         The Company files  quarterly loan compliance  certificates  with six of
its lenders,  namely,  Mercantile  Safe and Deposit Trust  Company  ("Mercantile
Bank"), U.S. Bank National Association ("US Bank"), Marquette Capital Bank, N.A.
("Marquette  Bank"),  First  National  Bank of  Omaha,  Firstar  Bank and  Fleet
National Bank. In filing its loan compliance  certificates for the quarter ended
September 30, 2001, the Company disclosed  non-compliance with the loan covenant
requirements  for certain of these  lenders.  The  Company has since  negotiated
extended loan covenant  modifications allowing it to temporarily maintain higher
loan to value ratios and lower debt service coverage ratios.  The  modifications
were  retroactive  in effect to September  30, 2001 and,  with the  exception of
Mercantile  Bank,  Firstar Bank and Marquette  Bank,  the  modifications  extend
through  September 30, 2002. The Mercantile Bank and Firstar Bank  modifications
terminate on March 31, 2002,  coinciding  with the  anticipated  refinancing  of
these loans. Marquette Bank extended its modification through December 31, 2002.
The loan  covenant  modifications  are  subject to specific  lender  conditions,
including a mandatory  limit on capital  expenditures  for fiscal year 2002, and
restrictions  prohibiting  dividend  payments to shareholders at any time during
2002.

        Aggregate annual  principal  payments and payments to bond sinking funds
for the five years  following  December 31, 2001,  and thereafter are as follows
(in thousands):

                            2002            $        40,114
                            2003                     26,530
                            2004                     24,361
                            2005                      2,952
                            2006                      1,001
                      Thereafter                     20,914
                                           ----------------
                                            $       115,872
                                           ================

         Debt  maturing in 2002  includes  $22,540,000  Mercantile  Bank line of
credit due on April 30, 2002, the $10,000,000  Fleet Bank credit facility due on
September 1, 2002, the $4,430,000  U.S. Bank  revolving  credit  facility due on
October 31, 2002 and $3,144,000 of scheduled  principal payments on other bonds,
notes and mortgages  payable.  Mercantile  Bank has indicated to the Company its
intent to extend the loan for an  additional  one-year  period under  materially
consistent  terms.  The  Company  expects to  refinance  the Fleet  Bank  credit
facility  with  Fleet Bank or another  lender at or prior to its  maturity.  The
Company obtained a one-year extension on the U.S. Bank revolving credit facility
in 2001 and expects to extend or refinance  this  facility  with U.S. Bank at or
prior to its scheduled maturity.  Based on its past experience with the lenders,
the status of negotiations,  where  applicable,  and the value of the properties
securing the loans, the Company  believes that its expectations  with respect to
refinancing  and/or  extending  these  loans  are  appropriate;  however,  it is
possible that the Company will not be able to refinance  and/or extend the loans
at similar interest rates or on similar terms to those of the existing loans.

         At December 31, 2001,  the estimated  fair value of long-term  debt was
approximately  $115,656,000.  The fair value was estimated by discounting future
cash payments to be made at rates that approximate  rates currently  offered for
loans with similar maturities.

                                       45
<PAGE>

Note 4.  Income Taxes

         Income  tax  expense  consists  of the  following  for the  year  ended
December 31, 1999 (in thousands):

            Current:
                         Federal                $     2,119
                         State                          502
                                               ---------------
                                                      2,621
                                               ---------------
            Deferred:
                          Federal                      (772)
                          State                        (154)
                                               ---------------
                                                       (926)
                                               ---------------
                                                $     1,695
                                               ===============

         Income tax  expense is  reconciled  with income  taxes  computed at the
Federal  statutory  rate of 34% as follows for the year ended  December 31, 1999
(in thousands):

             Tax expense computed at the Federal statutory rate     $    2,515
             State income tax, net of Federal tax effect                   331
             Elimination of deferred income taxes                         (926)
             Stock based compensation                                     (144)
             Other                                                         (81)
                                                                   -------------
                                                                    $    1,695
                                                                   =============

Note 5.  Earnings Per Share

         The following table sets forth information  relating to the computation
of earnings per share (in thousands):
<TABLE>
                                                                        Years ended December 31,
                                                           -------------------------------------------------
                                                               2001              2000              1999
                                                           --------------    --------------    -------------
<S>                                                                <C>             <C>              <C>
Numerator:
Numerator for basic earnings
per share - earnings available to common shareholders              $ 709           $ 6,959          $ 5,588

Minority interest expense relating to common
operating partnership unit holders                                   108               588              113
                                                           --------------    --------------    -------------
Numerator for diluted earnings per share - earnings
available to common shareholders                                   $ 817           $ 7,547          $ 5,701
                                                           ==============    ==============    =============

Denominator:
Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted
average shares outstanding                                        11,226            11,174            6,003
Common operating partnership units                                   837               872              157
                                                           --------------    --------------    -------------
Denominator for diluted earnings per share - adjusted
weighted average shares                                           12,063            12,046            6,160
                                                           ==============    ==============    =============
</TABLE>

                                       46
<PAGE>

Note 6.  Commitments and Contingencies and Other Related Party Transactions

As of December 31, 2001,  James I.  Humphrey,  Jr., and HHM  (collectively,  the
Humphrey   Affiliates)  own  a  combined  total  of  736,513  units  of  limited
partnership interest in HHLP. Pursuant to the HHLP Limited Partnership Agreement
(the Partnership  Agreement),  the Humphrey  Affiliates have redemption  rights,
which  will  enable  them to cause  HHTI to redeem  their  interests  in HHLP in
exchange  for shares of common stock or for cash at the election of the Company.
The  Humphrey  Affiliates  may exercise the  redemption  rights at any time.  At
December 31, 2001, the number of shares of common stock issuable to the Humphrey
Affiliates  upon  exercise of the  redemption  rights is 736,513.  The number of
shares issuable upon exercise of the redemption rights will be adjusted upon the
occurrence of stock splits,  mergers,  consolidations  or similar pro rata share
transactions,  which  otherwise  would have the effect of diluting the ownership
interests  of  the  Humphrey  Affiliates,  non-affiliated  unit  holders  or the
shareholders of the Company.

         Pursuant  to the  terms  of a  Financial  and  Administrative  Services
Agreement, the Lessee provided the Company with the following services:

       o      Accounting  and  financial   reporting,   real  estate   portfolio
              management and other administrative services. The Company incurred
              related fees of approximately  $1,017,000,  $1,050,000 and $50,000
              in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

       o      Capital improvement  supervisory services for a fee equal to 9% of
              the total cost of the capital  improvements,  including furniture,
              fixture,  and equipment  purchases.  The Company  incurred related
              fees of approximately $362,000, $587,000 and $21,000 in 2001, 2000
              and 1999, respectively

       o      Services  related to acquiring,  disposing  and financing  Company
              properties  (executed  in May  2000).  The fee,  payable in common
              operating  partnership ("OP") units of HHLP, is equal to 1% of the
              gross sales price for  acquisitions or  dispositions,  and .25% of
              the  financing  amount.  In 2001 and 2000,  the  Company  incurred
              related  fees  of  $31,000   (approximately  9,200  OP  units)  in
              conjunction    with    refinancing    activities    and   $144,000
              (approximately  18,500 OP units) in conjunction  with  refinancing
              and acquisition activities, respectively.

         The  Company  earned  base  rents  of  $10,917,000,   $15,213,000,  and
$2,662,000 and percentage rents of $11,966,000, $17,631,000 and $2,994,000 under
the leases with the Lessee in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. At December 31,
2001,  accounts payable and accrued expense  includes  $2,280,000 due to HHM. At
December 31, 2000, accounts receivable includes $3,411,000 due from HHM.

         The Company  assumed a land lease  agreement  in  conjunction  with the
purchase of the Best Western Hotel, Harlan, Kentucky. The lease requires monthly
payments of the greater of $2,000 or 5% of room revenue  through  November 2091.
The Company also assumed a land lease agreement in conjunction with the purchase
of the  Comfort  Inn,  Gettysburg,  Pennsylvania.  The lease  requires an annual
payment of $35,000 through May 2025.  Land lease expense  totaled  approximately
$82,000,  $78,000  and  $12,000  in 2001,  2000 and 1999,  respectively,  and is
included in property operating expense.

                                       47
<PAGE>

Note 6.  Commitments  and  Contingencies  and Other Related  Party  Transactions
(continued)

         As of December 31, 2001, the future  minimum lease payments  applicable
to non-cancelable land leases are as follows (in thousands):

                      2002              $    59
                      2003                   59
                      2004                   59
                      2005                   59
                      2006                   59
                Thereafter                2,684
                                       ------------
                                        $ 2,979
                                       ============

         From April  through June 2001, a total of five class action  complaints
were filed in the U.S.  District  Court for the  Eastern  District  of  Virginia
against the Company and certain of its executive officers and directors alleging
violations of Sections  10(b) and 20(a) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934
and SEC Rule  10b-5.  The  complaints  were  brought  on behalf of  persons  who
purchased  the  Company's  common stock from November 14, 2000 through March 29,
2001 (the "Class Period").  In June 2001, the parties stipulated to transfer the
cases to the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. In July 2001, the
Court  appointed lead  plaintiffs and approved  their  selection of counsel.  In
September 2001, lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated  amended complaint alleging
violations of the same  securities  laws and  regulations  and alleging the same
Class Period.  Specifically,  plaintiffs  allege that  defendants made false and
misleading   statements   concerning  the  Company's   financial  condition  and
operations  and  artificially   inflated  the  market  price  of  the  Company's
securities during the Class Period. In November 2001, the Company filed a motion
to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint.  The plaintiffs have responded to
such motion and the Company has since filed a reply memorandum of law in support
of its  motion  to  dismiss  the  plaintiffs'  consolidated  amended  complaint.
Management  does not  believe  that the  resolution  of this  matter will have a
significant effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.

Note 7.  Capital Stock

         The  Company's  common  stock  is  duly  authorized,   fully  paid  and
nonassessable.  At December 31, 2001, 751,426 common operating partnership units
are redeemable on a one-for-one  basis for shares of common stock.  In addition,
376,434 preferred  operating  partnership units were outstanding.  The preferred
operating  partnership  units are convertible into common operating  partnership
units on a one-for-one basis and, following such conversion,  are redeemable, at
the option of the holders,  for common shares of the Company, or for cash at $10
per  share.  The  preferred  operating  partnership  units  receive a  preferred
dividend  distribution  of $1.10 per unit annually,  payable on a monthly basis.
Redemption of the units is restricted until October 2002.

         In 2001,  144,593  common  operating  partnership  units  in HHLP  were
converted to common stock of the Company.  At December 31, 2001,  members of the
Board of Directors owned  approximately 22% of the Company's  outstanding common
stock.

Note 8.  Subsequent Events

         Effective January 1, 2002, the TRS Lessee entered into a new management
agreement  with HHM  pursuant  to which HHM will  operate  all of the  Company's
hotels. The principal provisions of the new agreement are summarized as follows:

                                       48
<PAGE>

Note 8. Subsequent Events (continued)

       o      With respect to the sale hotels,  HHM is entitled to the following
              fees: (a) prior to March 31, 2002, a base  management fee equal to
              5% of gross hotel income, as defined,  plus a potential  incentive
              fee and (b)  effective  April 1, 2002 through the end of the term,
              (i) a base management fee equal to 5% of gross hotel income,  plus
              (ii) an accounting  fee equal to 1/2% of gross hotel income,  plus
              (iii) a director  of  operations  fee equal to 1/2% of gross hotel
              income, plus (iv) a potential incentive fee.

       o      With  respect to the  remaining  hotels,  HHM is  entitled  to the
              following  fees:  (i) a base  management  fee equal to 5% of gross
              hotel income (6% until March 31,  2002),  plus (ii) an  accounting
              fee equal to 1/2% of gross hotel income,  plus (iii) a director of
              operations  fee equal to 1/2% of gross hotel  income,  plus (iv) a
              potential  incentive  fee. In  addition  to these fees,  effective
              January 1, 2002, the Company will reimburse HHM up to an aggregate
              of  $300,000  per  fiscal  year for  HHM's  reasonable  documented
              out-of-pocket  and  compensation  expenses for HHM's employees who
              oversee  sales and  marketing  activity on behalf of the Company's
              hotels  and  $150,000  per  fiscal  year  for  payroll  processing
              services.

       o      The agreement  expires on September  30, 2005,  subject to earlier
              termination  as to one or more  hotels  upon  (i) sale of a hotel,
              (ii) failure of HHM to achieve at least 85% of the budgeted  hotel
              net operating  income for a hotel (subject to HHM's right to avoid
              termination  by  paying  an  amount  sufficient  to  reach  85% of
              budgeted  hotel net  operating  income),  (iii)  termination  of a
              franchise  agreement  as a result of HHM's  failure to satisfy its
              obligations  under  the  agreement,  and  (iv)  failure  of HHM to
              achieve  85% of the  budgeted  hotel net  operating  income in two
              consecutive  years  regardless of whether HHM has supplemented net
              operating income.

       o      Upon the  Company's  sale of a hotel prior to September  30, 2003,
              the TRS Lessee will pay to HHM a termination  fee equal to 33-1/3%
              of the base management fee and incentive fee, if any, for the most
              recent 12-month period ended prior to the date of termination.  No
              termination fee is payable upon  termination of the agreement upon
              sale of a hotel  after  September  30,  2003 or upon the sale of a
              sale hotel at any time.

       o      In addition  to the fees  described  above,  HHM is entitled to an
              incentive  fee  equal  to 20%  of  the  amount  by  which  "annual
              aggregate  hotel level net  operating  income," for all the hotels
              for each twelve month period ending  September 30,  beginning with
              the twelve month period ending September 30, 2002,  exceeds a base
              amount of $33,024,395  (which base amount is subject to adjustment
              for future purchases and sales of hotels).

         Also effective  January 1, 2002, the Company and HHM entered into a new
administrative   agreement  which  replaced  the  Financial  and  Administrative
Services agreement discussed in note 6. Under the new agreement,  the annual fee
for accounting, financial reporting and other administrative services is reduced
to $850,000 and HHM will no longer provide the Company with services  related to
acquiring, disposing and financing properties.

         On January  1,  2002,  the TRS  Lessee  purchased  accounts  receivable
aggregating  approximately  $781,000 from HHM in exchange for a note of the same
amount due April 1, 2002. HHM agreed to  re-purchase  any  uncollected  accounts
receivable from the TRS Lessee on April 1, 2002.

         In January  2002,  the Company  disposed  of its  interest in a Super 8
hotel  located  in  Macomb,   Illinois  and  realized  a  loss  on  disposal  of
approximately $7,000.

                                       49
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                              HUMPHREY HOSPITALITY TRUST, INC
                                  SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                                                  AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                                              Initial Cost                Costs Subsequent to Acquisition
                                                    ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
                                        Encum-                         Buildings &                         Buildings &
     Hotel and Location                 brance            Land         Improvements           Land        Improvements
--------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
Comfort Inns:
<S>                                                       <C>             <C>                      <C>          <C>
     Minocqua, Wisconsin              USR                 $ 214,505       $ 1,458,389              $ -          $ 133,316
     Sheboygan, Wisconsin             USR                   286,970         1,716,782                -            142,516
     Chambersburg, Pennsylvania       MER                    89,000         2,346,362                -            172,873
     Culpeper, Virginia               MER                   182,264         2,142,652                -            256,262
     Dahlgren, Virginia               FLT                   327,514         2,489,390                -            228,417
     Dublin, Virginia                 CRE                   152,239         3,700,710                -            273,992
     Farmville, Virginia              MER                   253,618         2,162,087                -             83,672
     Gettysburg, Pennsylvania         SUS                         -         4,158,453                -            322,645
     Morgantown, West Virginia        MER                   398,322         3,853,651                -            158,441
     Murphy, North Carolina           MER                   333,394         2,185,659         (333,394)        (2,185,659)
     New Castle, Pennsylvania         MER                    56,648         4,101,254                -            195,651
     Princeton, West Virginia         FLT                   387,567         1,774,501                -            267,337
     Rocky Mount, Virginia            MER                   193,841         2,162,429                -             16,704
     Solomons, Maryland               MER                 2,303,990         2,988,255                -          1,471,252

Wingate Inns:
     Las Colinas, Texas               MAR                   953,955         4,823,525                -             44,034
     Houston, Texas                   MAR                   372,021         4,622,107                -              2,764

Super 8:
     Creston, Iowa                    MAR                    56,000           840,580           89,607          1,908,220
     Columbus, Nebraska               USE                    51,716           571,178           51,666            546,393
     O'Neill, Nebraska                MAR                    75,000           667,074           46,075            958,479
     Omaha, Nebraska                  FNB                   164,034         1,053,620                -          1,060,472
     Lincoln, Nebraska                USE                   139,603         1,234,988           63,153            705,742
     Lincoln, Nebraska                USE                   226,174         1,068,520          271,817          1,536,744
     Keokuk, Iowa                     MAR                    55,000           642,783           71,175            370,302
     Iowa City, Iowa                  MAR                   227,290         1,280,365                -            303,428
     Oskaloosa, Iowa                  USE                    61,389           453,573                -            309,174
     Omaha, Nebraska                  UST                   203,453         1,054,497                -            103,243
     Kirksville, Missouri             FST                   151,225           830,457                -            108,904
     Burlington, Iowa                 MAR                   145,000           867,116                -            111,360
     Sedalia, Missouri                FST                   185,025           917,809                -            513,073
     Hays, Kansas                     FNB                   317,762         1,133,765           19,519            167,353



                                              Gross Amount at December 31, 2001
                                     ------------------------------------------------------
                                                           Buildings &      Accumulated             Net
     Hotel and Location                     Land           Improvements     Depreciation         Book Value
------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------  -------------------
Comfort Inns:
     Minocqua, Wisconsin                      $ 214,505       $ 1,591,705       $ (347,705)         $ 1,458,505
     Sheboygan, Wisconsin                       286,970      1,859,298.07         (422,977)           1,723,291
     Chambersburg, Pennsylvania                  89,000         2,519,235         (378,806)           2,229,429
     Culpeper, Virginia                         182,264         2,398,914         (252,190)           2,328,988
     Dahlgren, Virginia                         327,514         2,717,807         (361,977)           2,683,344
     Dublin, Virginia                           152,239         3,974,702         (525,606)           3,601,335
     Farmville, Virginia                        253,618         2,245,759         (323,423)           2,175,954
     Gettysburg, Pennsylvania                         -         4,481,098         (672,300)           3,808,798
     Morgantown, West Virginia                  398,322         4,012,092         (628,767)           3,781,647
     Murphy, North Carolina                           -                 -                -                    -
     New Castle, Pennsylvania                    56,648         4,296,905         (501,340)           3,852,213
     Princeton, West Virginia                   387,567         2,041,838         (286,165)           2,143,240
     Rocky Mount, Virginia                      193,841         2,179,133         (336,477)           2,036,497
     Solomons, Maryland                       2,303,990         4,459,507         (627,905)           6,135,592

Wingate Inns:
     Las Colinas, Texas                         953,955         4,867,559       (1,265,551)           4,555,963
     Houston, Texas                             372,021         4,624,871       (1,012,977)           3,983,915

Super 8:
     Creston, Iowa                              145,607         2,748,800         (867,773)           2,026,634
     Columbus, Nebraska                         103,382         1,117,571         (524,290)             696,663
     O'Neill, Nebraska                          121,075         1,625,553         (569,733)           1,176,895
     Omaha, Nebraska                            164,034         2,114,092       (1,063,865)           1,214,261
     Lincoln, Nebraska                          202,756         1,940,730         (916,328)           1,227,158
     Lincoln, Nebraska                          497,991         2,605,264       (1,040,654)           2,062,601
     Keokuk, Iowa                               126,175         1,013,085         (512,401)             626,859
     Iowa City, Iowa                            227,290         1,583,793         (791,508)           1,019,575
     Oskaloosa, Iowa                             61,389           762,747         (373,608)             450,528
     Omaha, Nebraska                            203,453         1,157,740         (617,983)             743,210
     Kirksville, Missouri                       151,225           939,361         (480,287)             610,299
     Burlington, Iowa                           145,000           978,476         (504,756)             618,720
     Sedalia, Missouri                          185,025         1,430,882         (615,665)           1,000,242
     Hays, Kansas                               337,281         1,301,118         (615,688)           1,022,711

</TABLE>


                                       50
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                              HUMPHREY HOSPITALITY TRUST, INC
                            SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED
                                                  AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                                             Initial Cost                 Costs Subsequent to Acquisition
                                                    ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
                                                                       Buildings &                         Buildings &
     Hotel, Locations and Encumbrance                     Land         Improvements           Land        Improvements
--------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
Super 8 (continued):
<S>                                                          <C>            <C>                                    <C>
     Moberly, Missouri                USE                    60,000         1,075,235                -             92,530
     Pittsburg, Kansas                MAR                   130,000           852,131                -             96,721
     Manhattan, Kansas                FNB                   261,646         1,254,175                -            259,656
     Clinton, Iowa                    MAR                   135,153           805,067          (46,089)           148,868
     Marshall, Missouri               USE                    90,784           554,497           27,633            280,301
     Mt. Pleasant, Iowa               MAR                    85,745           536,064           21,507            352,550
     Wichita, Kansas                  FNB                   435,087         1,806,979                -            458,115
     Kingdom City, Missouri           FNB                   176,970           877,287                -             99,810
     Lenexa, Kansas                   USE                   454,113         1,722,866                -            198,579
     Pella, Iowa                      MAR                    61,853           664,610                -             70,864
     Storm Lake, Iowa                 MAR                    90,033           819,202           33,394            358,872
     West Plains, Missouri            USE                   112,279           861,178                -             67,444
     Russellville, Arkansas           FST                   161,576           973,413                -            123,972
     Jefferson City, Missouri         USE                   264,707         1,206,886                -            180,487
     Garden City, Kansas              FNB                    40,258           917,334                -            295,011
     El Dorado, Kansas                FNB                    96,764           418,333              467            452,099
     Mountain Home, Arkansas          FST                    94,471           682,656                -             57,054
     Wayne, Nebraska                  FNB                    79,127           685,135                -             65,029
     Batesville, Arkansas             FST                    81,483           811,371                -             42,365
     Fayetteville, Arkansas           FST                   255,731         1,549,271                -             76,842
     Omaha, Nebraska                  UST                   593,518         1,758,275                -            101,780
     College Station, Texas           UST                   454,599         1,939,879                -            182,501
     Waco, Texas                      UST                   211,821         1,628,629                -            157,441
     Watertown, South Dakota          FNB                    51,237         1,296,312                -            346,011
     Norfolk, Nebraska                USR                   226,971         1,587,581                -            294,696
     Park City, Kansas                FNB                   275,962           891,933                -            379,618
     Muscatine, Iowa                  UST                   204,890         1,616,090                -             92,577
     Fort Madison, Iowa               USR                   104,855           871,075                -             54,465
     Macomb, Illinois                 USR                   103,881         1,179,572                -            160,672
     Irving, Texas                    UST                   582,978         2,192,636         (582,978)        (2,192,636)
     Jacksonville, Illinois           USR                   110,798           925,121           29,439            146,115
     Plano, Texas                     UST                   510,860         2,334,731                -            173,113
     McKinney, Texas                  MAR                   357,072         1,738,864            3,650            165,560
     Denton, Texas                    MAR                   458,916         1,841,064                -            119,206
     Parsons, Kansas                  FNB                   167,849         1,195,484                -             50,378




                                               Gross Amount at December 31, 2001
                                     ------------------------------------------------------
                                                           Buildings &      Accumulated             Net
     Hotel, Locations                       Land           Improvements     Depreciation         Book Value
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------
Super 8 (continued):
     Moberly, Missouri                           60,000         1,167,765         (593,376)             634,389
     Pittsburg, Kansas                          130,000           948,852         (467,016)             611,836
     Manhattan, Kansas                          261,646         1,513,831         (684,496)           1,090,981
     Clinton, Iowa                               89,064           953,935         (452,630)             590,369
     Marshall, Missouri                         118,417           834,798         (343,363)             609,852
     Mt. Pleasant, Iowa                         107,252           888,614         (386,384)             609,482
     Wichita, Kansas                            435,087         2,265,094         (917,842)           1,782,339
     Kingdom City, Missouri                     176,970           977,097         (454,524)             699,543
     Lenexa, Kansas                             454,113         1,921,445         (835,165)           1,540,393
     Pella, Iowa                                 61,853           735,474         (317,010)             480,317
     Storm Lake, Iowa                           123,427         1,178,074         (416,308)             885,193
     West Plains, Missouri                      112,279           928,622         (386,154)             654,747
     Russellville, Arkansas                     161,576         1,097,385         (443,947)             815,014
     Jefferson City, Missouri                   264,707         1,387,373         (556,477)           1,095,603
     Garden City, Kansas                         40,258         1,212,345         (442,669)             809,934
     El Dorado, Kansas                           97,231           870,432         (337,874)             629,789
     Mountain Home, Arkansas                     94,471           739,710         (297,559)             536,622
     Wayne, Nebraska                             79,127           750,164         (285,046)             544,245
     Batesville, Arkansas                        81,483           853,736         (314,117)             621,102
     Fayetteville, Arkansas                     255,731         1,626,113         (576,867)           1,304,977
     Omaha, Nebraska                            593,518         1,860,055         (631,292)           1,822,281
     College Station, Texas                     454,599         2,122,380         (648,110)           1,928,869
     Waco, Texas                                211,821         1,786,070         (591,920)           1,405,971
     Watertown, South Dakota                     51,237         1,642,323         (431,271)           1,262,289
     Norfolk, Nebraska                          226,971         1,882,277         (478,646)           1,630,602
     Park City, Kansas                          275,962         1,271,551         (393,142)           1,154,371
     Muscatine, Iowa                            204,890         1,708,667         (421,059)           1,492,498
     Fort Madison, Iowa                         104,855           925,540         (265,075)             765,320
     Macomb, Illinois                           103,881         1,340,244         (293,009)           1,151,116
     Irving, Texas                                    -                 -                -                    -
     Jacksonville, Illinois                     140,237         1,071,236         (265,246)             946,227
     Plano, Texas                               510,860         2,507,844         (675,011)           2,343,693
     McKinney, Texas                            360,722         1,904,424         (513,290)           1,751,856
     Denton, Texas                              458,916         1,960,270         (515,373)           1,903,813
     Parsons, Kansas                            167,849         1,245,862         (272,146)           1,141,565

</TABLE>


                                       51
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                              HUMPHREY HOSPITALITY TRUST, INC
                            SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED
                                                  AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                                              Initial Cost                Costs Subsequent to Acquisition
                                                    ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
                                                                       Buildings &                         Buildings &
     Hotel, Locations and Encumbrance                     Land         Improvements           Land        Improvements
--------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------

Super 8 (continued):
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>                                   <C>
     Grapevine, Texas                 MAR                   733,685         2,300,227                -            270,265
     Wichita Falls, Texas             UST                   623,781         2,203,971                -           (571,886)
     Bedford, Texas                   USR                   611,489         2,313,572                -           (205,028)
     Portage, Wisconsin               MAR                   203,032         1,839,321                -            104,877
     Antigo, Wisconsin                USR                   234,605         1,485,579                -             98,277
     Shawano, Wisconsin               MER                   244,935         1,672,123                -             73,407
     Tomah, Wisconsin                 USR                   211,975         2,079,714                -            192,524
     Menomonie, Wisconsin             MAR                   451,520         2,398,446                -             48,404
     Neosho, Missouri                 USE                   232,000         1,416,216                -             38,197
     Allentown, Pennsylvania          MER                    83,073         2,695,886                -            378,255
     Anamosa, Iowa                   SSB                     49,981         1,150,688                -             66,834
     Charles City, Iowa              CSB,SBA                 95,363         1,543,872                -             34,681
     Kewanee, Illinois               PBK                     87,934         1,667,540                -             30,309
     Dyersville, Iowa                CSB,SBA                170,887         1,278,471                -             53,981
     Oelwein, Iowa                   UPB,SBA                 49,450         1,243,614                -             33,778

River Valley Suites
     Bullhead City, Arizona           USR                   166,456           917,667                -            431,171

Holiday Inn Express
     Danville, Kentucky               MER                   155,717         2,971,403                -             47,779
     Gettysburg, Pennsylvania         SUS                    59,634         1,832,171                -             88,963

Hampton Inn
     Cleveland, Tennessee             FLT                   212,914         2,370,499                -             50,633
     Jackson, Tennessee               FLT                   261,506         3,430,541                -            394,403
     Shelby, North Carolina           FLT                   253,921         2,782,042                -            213,696
     Brandon, Florida                 REG                   322,203         3,150,779                -             35,394

Comfort Suites
     Dover, Delaware                  FLT                   337,113         5,179,187                -           (176,427)

Best Western
     Harlan, Kentucky                 MER                         -         2,949,276                -             89,486




                                              Gross Amount at December 31, 2001
                                    ------------------------------------------------------
                                                          Buildings &      Accumulated             Net
     Hotel, Locations                      Land           Improvements     Depreciation         Book Value
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------

Super 8 (continued):
     Grapevine, Texas                          733,685         2,570,492         (670,541)           2,633,636
     Wichita Falls, Texas                      623,781         1,632,085         (553,467)           1,702,399
     Bedford, Texas                            611,489         2,108,544         (561,505)           2,158,528
     Portage, Wisconsin                        203,032         1,944,198         (403,625)           1,743,605
     Antigo, Wisconsin                         234,605         1,583,856         (366,827)           1,451,634
     Shawano, Wisconsin                        244,935         1,745,530         (385,104)           1,605,361
     Tomah, Wisconsin                          211,975         2,272,238         (441,158)           2,043,055
     Menomonie, Wisconsin                      451,520         2,446,850         (392,881)           2,505,489
     Neosho, Missouri                          232,000         1,454,413         (201,901)           1,484,512
     Allentown, Pennsylvania                    83,073         3,074,141         (680,407)           2,476,807
     Anamosa, Iowa                              49,981         1,217,522          (59,771)           1,207,732
     Charles City, Iowa                         95,363         1,578,553          (94,021)           1,579,895
     Kewanee, Illinois                          87,934         1,697,849          (84,897)           1,700,886
     Dyersville, Iowa                          170,887         1,332,452          (67,569)           1,435,770
     Oelwein, Iowa                              49,450         1,277,392          (75,088)           1,251,754

River Valley Suites
     Bullhead City, Arizona                    166,456         1,348,838         (745,526)             769,768

Holiday Inn Express
     Danville, Kentucky                        155,717         3,019,182         (519,274)           2,655,625
     Gettysburg, Pennsylvania                   59,634         1,921,134         (393,939)           1,586,829

Hampton Inn
     Cleveland, Tennessee                      212,914         2,421,132         (354,825)           2,279,221
     Jackson, Tennessee                        261,506         3,824,944         (650,850)           3,435,600
     Shelby, North Carolina                    253,921         2,995,738         (519,067)           2,730,592
     Brandon, Florida                          322,203         3,186,173         (513,784)           2,994,592

Comfort Suites
     Dover, Delaware                           337,113         5,002,760         (731,199)           4,608,674

Best Western
     Harlan, Kentucky                                -         3,038,762         (452,535)           2,586,227


</TABLE>



                                       52
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                              HUMPHREY HOSPITALITY TRUST, INC
                            SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED
                                                  AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                                              Initial Cost                Costs Subsequent to Acquisition
                                                    ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
                                                                       Buildings &                         Buildings &
     Hotel, Locations and Encumbrance                     Land         Improvements           Land        Improvements
--------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
Best Western Suites
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>                                   <C>
     Key Largo, Florida               FLT                   339,425         3,238,530                -            434,046

Ramada
     Ellenton, Florida                FLT                   546,945         2,293,464                -            553,821

Shoney's Inn
     Ellenton, Florida                FLT                   290,373         2,102,371                -             22,328

Days Inn
     Farmville, Virginia              MER                   384,591         1,967,727                -            108,546
                                                    ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------

     Subtotal Hotel Properties                           23,563,014       163,848,364         (233,359)        17,236,484
     Construction in Progress                                     -                 -                -          1,283,186
     Office building                                         68,765         1,516,627                -            303,316
                                                    ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
     Total                                              $23,631,779     $ 165,364,991       $ (233,359)      $ 18,822,986
                                                    ==================================   =================================




                                                 Gross Amount at December 31, 2001
                                    ------------------------------------------------------
                                                          Buildings &      Accumulated             Net
     Hotel, Locations and Encumbranc       Land           Improvements     Depreciation         Book Value
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------
Best Western Suites
     Key Largo, Florida                        339,425         3,672,576         (571,057)           3,440,944

Ramada
     Ellenton, Florida                         546,945         2,847,285         (282,620)           3,111,610

Shoney's Inn
     Ellenton, Florida                         290,373         2,124,699         (274,289)           2,140,783

Days Inn
     Farmville, Virginia                       384,591         2,076,273         (369,810)           2,091,054
                                    ------------------------------------------------------  -------------------

     Subtotal Hotel Properties              23,329,655       181,084,848      (44,759,656)         159,654,847
     Construction in Progress                        -         1,283,186                -            1,283,186
     Office building                            68,765         1,819,943       (1,008,321)             880,387
                                    ------------------------------------------------------  -------------------
     Total                                $ 23,398,420     $ 184,187,977    $ (45,767,977)       $ 161,818,420
                                    ======================================================  ===================

Encumbrance codes refer to the following lenders:
USR = US Bank Revolver                                        UST = US Bank Term Loan
USE = US Bank Term Loan                                       FNB = First National Bank of Omaha
MAR = Marquette Bremer Capital Bank N.A.                      FST = Firstar Bank
BER = Bertha Wetzler Note                                     FLT = Fleet National Bank
MER = Mercantile Bank (MD) Line                               CRE = Crestar Bond
REG = Regions Bank (FL)                                       SUS = Susquehanna Bank
UPB = Union Planters Bank                                     CSB = First Citizens National Bank
PBK = Peoples Bank of Kewanee                                 SBA = Small Business Administration
SSB = Security State Bank
</TABLE>

                                       53
<PAGE>

                        HUMPHREY HOSPITALITY TRUST, INC.
  NOTES TO SCHEDULE III -- REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED
                             AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001


     ASSET BASIS                                                Total
     ----------------------------------------------------------------

(a)  Balance at December 31, 1999                       $ 196,189,326

     Acquisition of buildings and improvements              7,337,799
     Additions to buildings and improvements                5,879,324
     Disposition of buildings and improvements             (2,836,949)
                                                        -------------

     Balance at December 31, 2000                         206,569,500

     Additions to buildings and improvements                5,172,895
     Disposition of buildings and improvements             (2,963,998)
     Impairment loss                                       (1,192,000)
                                                        -------------
     Balance at December 31, 2001                       $ 207,586,397
                                                        =============



     ACCUMULATED  DEPRECIATION                                  Total
     ----------------------------------------------------------------

(b)  Balance at December 31, 1999                       $  30,189,776

     Depreciation for the period ended December 31, 2000    8,381,968
     Depreciation on assets sold                             (312,465)
                                                        -------------
     Balance at December 31, 2000                          38,259,279

     Depreciation for the period ended December 31, 2001    8,204,316
     Depreciation on assets sold or disposed                 (695,618)
                                                        -------------
      Balance at December 31, 2001                      $  45,767,977
                                                        =============


(c)    The  aggregate  cost of land,  buildings,  furniture  and  equipment  for
       Federal income tax purposes is approximately $210,900,000.

(d)    Depreciation is computed based upon the following useful lives:
                       Buildings and improvements     20 - 40 years
                       Furniture and equipment         5 - 12 years

(e)    The Company has mortgages payable on most of the properties as described.
       Additional   mortgage   information  can  be  found  in  note  3  to  the
       consolidated financial statements.

(f)    At December 31, 2001,  asset basis and accumulated  depreciation  include
       approximately $24,623,000 and $5,627,000, respectively, relating to hotel
       properties classified as held for sale.

                                       54
<PAGE>

Item  9.  Changes  in and  Disagreements  With  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
Financial Disclosure

         Previously  reported on the Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K dated
May 2, 2001.


                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

       Information  concerning  the  directors  and  executive  officers  of the
Company is  incorporated  by reference to the Company's  Proxy Statement for the
2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2002 Proxy Statement) under the caption
"Election of Directors."

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

         Information   regarding  executive   compensation  is  incorporated  by
reference  to the 2002 Proxy  Statement  under the  caption  "Executive  Officer
Compensation."

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

         Information  regarding the stock  ownership of each person known to the
Company to be the beneficial  owner of more than 5% of the Common Stock, of each
director and executive  officer of Humphrey  Hospitality  Trust,  Inc.,  and all
directors and executive officers as a group, is incorporated by reference to the
2002 Proxy  Statement  under the  caption  "Ownership  of the  Company's  Common
Stock."

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is
incorporated by reference to the 2002 Proxy Statement under the caption "Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions."

                                     PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K
<TABLE>
<S> <C>
 (a)   Financial Statements
       Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc.
       Independent Auditors' Reports                                                                             59
       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000                                              61
       Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999                62
       Consolidated Statements of Shareholder's Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2001,
       2000 and 1999                                                                                             63
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999                64
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                65
</TABLE>
All  schedules  have  been  omitted  since  the  required   information  is  not
applicable,  or because the  information  required is included in the  financial
statements, including the notes thereto.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K

None.

(c)      Exhibits

3.1 Second  Amended and Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  of the  Registrant
(incorporated  by reference  to the  Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q/A
filed on December 10, 1999).

3.2 Third  Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws  of the  Registrant  (incorporated  by
reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on December 10,
1999).



                                       55
<PAGE>

10.1 Third  Amended and Restated  Agreement of Limited  Partnership  of Humphrey
Hospitality  Limited  Partnership  (incorporated  by reference to the  Company's
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2000).

10.2  Option  Agreement,  dated as of  November  29,  1994,  among the  Company,
Humphrey  Hospitality Limited Partnership,  James I. Humphrey,  Jr. and Humphrey
Associates (incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on
Form S-11 (Registration No. 33-83658)).

10.3  Non-Competition  Agreement,  dated as of  November  29,  1994,  among  the
Company,  Humphrey Hospitality Limited Partnership,  James I. Humphrey,  Jr. and
Humphrey  Associates  (incorporated  by reference to the Company's  Registration
Statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 33-83658)).

10.4 Non-Competition Agreement between the Company, Humphrey Hospitality Limited
Partnership, Humphrey Hospitality REIT Trust and Steve H. Borgmann (incorporated
by reference  to the  Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15,
2000).

10.5 Non-Competition Agreement between the Company, Humphrey Hospitality Limited
Partnership   and   Humphrey   Hospitality   REIT  Trust  and  Paul  J.  Schulte
(incorporated by reference to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
on May 15, 2000).

10.6  Indemnification  Agreement  dated as of December 31, 2001 made by Humphrey
Hospitality Trust, Inc. for the benefit of James I. Humphrey, Jr.

10.7  Indemnification  Agreement  dated as of December 31, 2001 made by Humphrey
Hospitality Trust, Inc. for the benefit of Steven H. Borgmann.

10.8  Indemnification  Agreement  dated as of December 31, 2001 made by Humphrey
Hospitality Trust, Inc. for the benefit of Paul J. Schulte.

10.9 Development Services Agreement, dated as of April 4, 1996, between Humphrey
Hospitality  Limited  Partnership  and  Humphrey  Development  (incorporated  by
reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-11 (Registration No.
333-15897)).

10.10 First Amendment to Development  Services  Agreement dated November 6, 1996
between the Partnership and Humphrey  Development  (incorporated by reference to
the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-15897)).

10.11  Revolving  Credit and Guaranty  Agreement  dated August 18,1998 among the
Company,  Humphrey  Hospitality Limited  Partnership,  Humphrey Hospitality REIT
Trust and Solomons Beacon Inn Limited Partnership and BankBoston, N.A. and other
banks that may become parties to the agreement (incorporated by reference to the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K405 filed on March 31, 1999).

10.12 First  Amendment to  BankBoston  Revolving  Credit and Guaranty  Agreement
dated  November 30, 1998  (incorporated  by reference  to the  Company's  Annual
Report on Form 10-K405 filed on March 31, 1999).

10.13 Loan Agreement between  Mercantile Bank National  Association and Supertel
Hospitality,  Inc.  (incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2000).

10.14 Loan Agreement between Supertel  Hospitality,  Inc. and U.S. Bank National
Association (incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q filed on May 15, 2000).

10.15 Loan Agreement  between E&P Financing  Limited  Partnership  and U.S. Bank
National  Association  (incorporated  by  reference to the  Company's  Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2000).

10.16 Loan Agreement between Supertel  Hospitality,  Inc. and U.S. Bank National
Association (incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q filed on May 15, 2000).



                                       56
<PAGE>

10.17 Loan  Agreement  between  Marquette  Capital  Bank,  N.A. and Bremer Bank,
National Association and Supertel Hospitality,  Inc.  (incorporated by reference
to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2000).

10.18 Loan  Agreement  between First  National Bank of Omaha,  N.A. and Supertel
Hospitality,  Inc.  (incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2000).

10.19 Lease Termination  Agreement dated as of December 31, 2001, among Humphrey
Hospitality Management,  Inc., Supertel Hospitality  Management,  Inc., Humphrey
Hospitality Trust, Inc., Humphrey Hospitality Limited Partnership, E&P Financing
Limited  Partnership,  Solomons Beacon Inn Limited  Partnership and TRS Leasing,
Inc.  (incorporated  by reference to the  Company's  Current  Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 15, 2002).

10.20 Management Agreement dated as of January 1, 2002 between TRS Leasing, Inc.
and Humphrey  Hospitality  Management,  Inc.  (incorporated  by reference to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2002).

10.21 New  Administrative  Services  Agreement dated as of January 1, 2002 among
Humphrey  Hospitality Limited  Partnership,  E&P Financing Limited  Partnership,
Humphrey  Hospitality Trust,  Inc., and Humphrey  Hospitality  Management,  Inc.
(incorporated by reference to the Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
January 15, 2002).

10.22 Form of Master Lease  Agreement  made as of January 1, 2002 by and between
Humphrey Hospitality Limited Partnership,  E&P Financing Limited Partnership and
Solomons Beacon Inn Limited Partnership and TRS Leasing, Inc.

10.23  Letter  agreement  dated  December  31, 2001 among  Humphrey  Hospitality
Limited  Partnership,  Humphrey  Hospitality  Management,  Inc.,  E&P  Financing
Limited Partnership and Solomons Beacon Inn Limited Partnership.

10.24 Letter agreement dated March 22, 2002 among Humphrey  Hospitality  Limited
Partnership,  Humphrey  Hospitality  Management,  Inc.,  E&P  Financing  Limited
Partnership and Solomons Beacon Inn Limited Partnership.

21 Subsidiaries.

23.1 Consent of Reznick Fedder & Silverman.

23.2 Consent of KPMG LLP.

                                       57
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly caused this report to be executed by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                             HUMPHREY HOSPITALITY TRUST, INC.


                          By:     /s/    George R. Whittemore
                               -----------------------------------
April 1, 2002                  George R. Whittemore
                               President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and
in the capacities indicated on April 1, 2002.

By:        /s/    George R. Whittemore
      ------------------------------------
      George R. Whittemore
      President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer

By:        /s/     Paul J. Schulte
      ------------------------------------
      Paul J. Schulte
      Chairman of the Board

By:        /s/    James I. Humphrey, Jr.
      ------------------------------------
      James I. Humphrey, Jr.
      Secretary

By:        /s/    Steve H. Borgmann
      ------------------------------------
      Steve H. Borgmann
      Director

By:        /s/    Loren Steele
      ------------------------------------
      Loren Steele
      Director

By:        /s/    Joseph Caggiano
      ------------------------------------
      Joseph Caggiano
      Director

By:        /s/    Jeffrey M. Zwerdling
      ------------------------------------
      Jeffrey M. Zwerdling
      Director

                                       58
<PAGE>


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Board of Directors and Shareholder
Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc.:

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet  of  Humphrey
Hospitality  Management,  Inc.  and  subsidiary  as of December 31, 2001 and the
related statements of operations,  shareholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows
for the  year  then  ended.  These  consolidated  financial  statements  are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards  generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Humphrey Hospitality
Management,  Inc. and  subsidiary  as of December  31, 2001,  and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

                                             KPMG LLP

Baltimore, Maryland
March 22, 2002

                                       59
<PAGE>

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Board of Directors and Shareholder
Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc.:

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet  of  Humphrey
Hospitality  Management,  Inc. and  subsidiary as of December 31, 2000,  and the
related statements of operations,  shareholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows
for the two years in the period  ended  December 31,  2000.  These  consolidated
financial  statements are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our
responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  these  consolidated  financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatements. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Humphrey Hospitality
Management,  Inc. and  subsidiaries  as of December 31, 2000, and the results of
their  operations  and their  cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended  December 31, 2000, in conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally
accepted in the United States of America.


                                          Reznick Fedder & Silverman


Baltimore, Maryland
February 17, 2001

                                       60
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                   Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc. and Subsidiary
                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                     (In thousands, except share and per share data)




                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                     2001                     2000
                                                                                ----------------         ---------------

ASSETS
<S>                                                                                       <C>                   <C>
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 $ 134                 $ 1,533
Due from affiliates                                                                       2,328                      77
Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts
of $199 and $187, respectively)                                                             757                   1,566
Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                           196                     213
Investment in affiliated partnership, at cost                                               175                     144
Property and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation
of $139 and $112, respectively)                                                             425                     505
                                                                                ----------------         ---------------

                                                                                        $ 4,015                 $ 4,038
                                                                                ================         ===============

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT
LIABILITIES
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                   $ 6,144                 $ 3,616
Due to affiliates                                                                             -                   3,411
Notes payable                                                                               202                     260
                                                                                ----------------         ---------------

                                                                                          6,346                   7,287
                                                                                ----------------         ---------------


SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT
Common stock, $.01 par value, 1,000 shares authorized; 100
and 134 shares issued and outstanding, respectively                                           -                       -
Additional paid-in capital                                                                    -                      50
Retained deficit                                                                         (2,331)                 (3,259)
                                                                                ----------------         ---------------
                                                                                         (2,331)                 (3,209)
Less:  Note receivable - shareholder                                                          -                      40
                                                                                ----------------         ---------------

                                                                                         (2,331)                 (3,249)
                                                                                ----------------         ---------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

                                                                                        $ 4,015                 $ 4,038
                                                                                ================         ===============
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       61
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                   Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc. and Subsidiary
                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                                      (In thousands)

                                                                                      Years ended December 31,
                                                                                 2001            2000            1999
                                                                             -------------    ------------    ------------

REVENUES
<S>                                                                              <C>             <C>             <C>
Room rentals and other hotel services                                            $ 70,256        $ 77,499        $ 35,152
Hotel management services                                                             307               -               -
Lease cancellation                                                                    400               -               -
Other                                                                               1,423           1,931             423
                                                                             -------------    ------------    ------------

                                                                                   72,386          79,430          35,575
                                                                             -------------    ------------    ------------

EXPENSES
Hotel operations                                                                   43,525          43,513          18,884
Lease rentals                                                                      22,883          32,844          15,833
General and administrative                                                          4,936           5,443           1,907
Depreciation                                                                          108              28               8
                                                                             -------------    ------------    ------------

                                                                                   71,452          81,828          36,632
                                                                             -------------    ------------    ------------

Earnings (loss) before loss on disposal of assets                                     934          (2,398)         (1,057)

  Loss on disposal of assets                                                           (6)              -               -
                                                                             -------------    ------------    ------------

Net earnings (loss)                                                                 $ 928        $ (2,398)       $ (1,057)
                                                                             =============    ============    ============
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       62
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                   Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc. and Subsidiary
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY (DEFICIT)
                                       Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
                                            (In thousands, except share data)

                                                                 Additional        Note          Retained
                                             Common Stock         Paid-in      Receivable -      Earnings
                                         ----------------------
                                          Shares      Amount      Capital      Shareholder      (Deficit)          Total
                                         ---------  ----------- ------------- --------------- ---------------  ---------------

<S>                                           <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>   <C>                  <C>
Balance at December 31, 1998                  100          $ -           $ -             $ -   $         196        $   196

Issuance of common stock                       34            -            50             (40)              -             10

Net loss                                        -            -             -               -          (1,057)        (1,057)
                                         ---------  ----------- ------------- --------------- ---------------  ---------------

Balance at December 31, 1999                  134            -            50             (40)           (861)          (851)

Net loss                                        -            -             -               -          (2,398)        (2,398)
                                         ---------  ----------- ------------- --------------- ---------------  ---------------

Balance at December 31, 2000                  134            -            50             (40)         (3,259)        (3,249)

Repurchase of common stock                    (34)           -           (50)             40               -            (10)

Net earnings                                    -            -             -               -             928            928

                                         ---------  ----------- ------------- --------------- ---------------  ---------------
Balance at December 31, 2001                  100          $ -           $ -             $ -   $      (2,331)       $ (2,331)
                                         =========  =========== ============= =============== ===============  ===============
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       63
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                   Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc. and Subsidiary
                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                      (In thousands)

                                                                                             Years ended December 31,
                                                                                      2001            2000             1999
                                                                                  -------------    ------------    -------------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
<S>                                                                                      <C>          <C>              <C>
    Net earnings (loss)                                                                  $ 928        $ (2,398)        $ (1,057)
    Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net
      cash provided (used) by operating activities:
        Depreciation                                                                       108              28                8
        Loss on disposal of assets                                                           6               -                -
        Fees pursuant to Financial and
           Administrative Services Agreement                                               (31)           (144)               -
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
           (Increase) decrease in assets                                                (1,425)             38           (1,392)
           Increase (decrease) in liabilities                                             (883)           (807)           4,265
                                                                                  -------------    ------------    -------------
            Net cash provided (used) by operating activities                            (1,297)         (3,283)           1,824
                                                                                  -------------    ------------    -------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
    Additions to property and equipment                                                    (39)           (501)             (39)
    Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                             5               -                -
                                                                                  -------------    ------------    -------------
            Net cash used by investing activities                                          (34)           (501)             (39)
                                                                                  -------------    ------------    -------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    Proceeds from note payable                                                               -             260                -
    Principal payments on note payable                                                     (58)              -                -
    Issuance (repurchase) of common stock                                                  (10)              -               10
                                                                                  -------------    ------------    -------------
            Net cash provided (used) by financing activities                               (68)            260               10
                                                                                  -------------    ------------    -------------

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                        (1,399)         (3,524)           1,795

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR                                             1,533           5,057            3,262
                                                                                  -------------    ------------    -------------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR                                                   $ 134         $ 1,533          $ 5,057
                                                                                  =============    ============    =============
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       64
<PAGE>

              Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc. and Subsidiary
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999



Note 1.  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

         Humphrey Hospitality Management,  Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary,
Supertel  Hospitality  Management,   Inc.,("SHMI")  (collectively,  "HHM")  were
incorporated  under the laws of the State of  Maryland  on August  18,  1994 and
October 26,  1999,  respectively,  to lease and operate  hotel  properties  (the
"Hotels")  from  Humphrey   Hospitality   Trust,   Inc.  and  its   subsidiaries
(collectively,  the  "Company").  On June 1, 1999,  HHM sold  shares of stock to
certain of its  officers,  constituting  a 25%  interest in HHM, in exchange for
$10,000 in cash and a $40,000 note  receivable.  In 2001, HHM  repurchased  that
interest in  exchange  for $10,000 in cash and  canceling  the note  receivable.
James I.  Humphrey,  Jr.,  Secretary and a director of the Company,  is the sole
shareholder of HHM at December 31, 2001. Paul Schulte, the Company's Chairman of
the Board,  serves as an interim  President  of SHMI for an annual  compensation
package of one dollar  ($1.00).  No other  member of the  Company's  board has a
financial interest in HHM

         As  indicated  in the  consolidated  financial  statements,  HHM had an
accumulated  deficit of  $2,331,000  at December  31, 2001,  incurred  operating
losses  in 2000 and  1999  and  again in  2001,  excluding  the  effects  of the
amendment to and  cancellation  of the leases with the Company during the fourth
quarter  of 2001 (see note 2). As more  fully  described  in note 6, HHM and the
Company entered into a management  agreement effective January 1, 2002, pursuant
to which HHM will operate all of the Hotels through September 30, 2005,  subject
to various terms and conditions.  Based on the financial plan for the Hotels for
2002 and the terms of the  management  agreement,  management  believes that HHM
will have available sufficient resources to meet its obligations.

Principles of Consolidation
---------------------------

         The consolidated  financial  statements include the accounts of HHM and
its wholly owned  subsidiary.  All intercompany  accounts and transactions  have
been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of Estimates
----------------

         The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity with accounting
principles   generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America  requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and  liabilities  and disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses recognized during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Accounts Receivable
-------------------

         Provision is made for doubtful accounts receivable based on analysis of
the risk of loss on specific accounts.  Any write-offs or recoveries of accounts
receivable  are  charged or  credited  directly to the  allowance  for  doubtful
accounts.

Property and Equipment
----------------------

         Property and  equipment is recorded at cost.  Depreciation  is provided
for  using the  straight-line  method  over the  estimated  useful  lives of the
assets.

                                       65
<PAGE>

              Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc. and Subsidiary
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
                        December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

Note 1.  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Marketing Costs
---------------

         HHM incurs costs for various  marketing and  advertising  efforts.  All
costs related to marketing and advertising are expensed in the period  incurred.
Marketing and advertising costs totaled approximately $1,282,000, $1,234,000 and
$1,173,000 for 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

Income Taxes
------------

         HHM has elected to be treated as an S-Corporation for Federal and state
income tax  purposes.  Therefore,  no  provision or benefit for income taxes has
been included in these financial  statements since taxable income or loss passes
through to, and is reportable by, the shareholders individually.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
-------------------------

         Cash and cash  equivalents  consist of cash and a repurchase  agreement
with a bank,  with an original  maturity of three months or less when  acquired,
and are carried at cost which approximates fair value.

Concentration of Credit Risk
----------------------------

         HHM places cash deposits with major banks.  HHM has not experienced any
losses with respect to bank balances in excess of government-provided insurance.
As of December 31, 2001,  management believes that no significant  concentration
of credit risk exists with respect to cash balances.

Note 2.  Related Party Transactions

Leases of Hotels and Related Matters
------------------------------------

       Until January 1, 2002, HHM leased and operated the Hotels. Prior to 2001,
the  leases  provided  for base  rents and  percentage  rents  equal to  varying
percentages of quarterly and semiannual  room revenue and annual room revenue in
excess  of a  threshold  amount  and 8% of  monthly  other  revenues.  Operating
expenses  other than real estate taxes and  property-related  insurance were the
responsibility  of HHM. The leases were amended  effective  January 1, 2001,  to
simplify the percentage rent provisions and change the expense responsibilities.
Under the amended  leases,  percentage  rents were  adjusted to 17.9% of monthly
room  revenues  and  HHM  assumed  responsibility  for  real  estate  taxes  and
property-related   insurance   costs  in  exchange   for  a  reduction  in  rent
approximating such costs.

       In March 2001, HHM advised the Company that it had incurred, and expected
to continue to incur,  losses from the leasing and operation of the Hotels.  HHM
cited several  adverse  factors  giving rise to the losses and requested  relief
from the  Company in the form of  substantial  reductions  in the rent under the
leases.  After  evaluating  its business  strategy and  operating  structure the
Company  identified  eleven hotel properties (the "sale hotels") that it decided
to sell.  The  leases  with HHM  relating  to the sale  hotels  were  terminated
effective June 1, 2001. After extensive negotiations, HHM and the Company also:

       o      Agreed to amend the provisions of the remaining  leases  effective
              October  1, 2001,  to  eliminate  base rent and adjust  percentage
              rents to 15.9% of fourth quarter 2001 revenues;

       o      Agreed to terminate the remaining leases on December 31, 2001; and


                                       66
<PAGE>

Note 2.  Related Party Transactions (continued)

       o      Entered into a management  agreement for  management of all of the
              Hotels through September 30, 2005 (see note 6).

         Effective  June 1, 2001,  the  Company  engaged  HHM to manage the sale
hotels at a monthly  management  fee equal to 5% of gross  hotel  revenues.  HHM
earned management fees of $266,000 pursuant to this agreement in 2001.

         In connection  with the termination of the leases on December 31, 2001,
the  Company  paid  HHM  a  nonrefundable   termination  fee  of  $400,000.  The
consideration  for  canceling the leases was  recognized  as lease  cancellation
revenue in the fourth quarter of 2001.

         HHM incurred  rent  expense  under the leases of  $22,883,000  in 2001,
$32,844,000  in  2000  and   $15,833,000  in  1999,   including  base  rents  of
$10,917,000,  $15,213,000 and $7,268,000,  respectively, and percentage rents of
$11,966,000,  $17,631,000  and $8,565,000,  respectively.  At December 31, 2001,
amounts  due from  affiliates  included  $2,280,000  due from  the  Company.  At
December 31, 2000, amounts due to the Company were $3,411,000.

Financial and Administrative Services Agreement

         Pursuant  to the  terms  of a  Financial  and  Administrative  Services
Agreement, HHM provided the Company with the following services:

       o      Accounting  and  financial   reporting,   real  estate   portfolio
              management and other administrative  services.  HHM earned related
              fees of approximately $1,017,000, $1,050,000 and $136,000 in 2001,
              2000 and 1999, respectively.

       o      Capital improvement  supervisory services for a fee equal to 9% of
              the total cost of the capital  improvements,  including furniture,
              fixture,  and  equipment  purchases.  HHM earned  related  fees of
              approximately  $362,000,  $587,000 and $215,000 in 2001,  2000 and
              1999, respectively.

       o      Services  related to acquiring,  disposing  and financing  Company
              property  (executed  in May  2000).  The fee,  payable  in  common
              operating partnership ("OP") units of Humphrey Hospitality Limited
              Partnership,  is  equal  to  1%  of  the  gross  sales  price  for
              acquisitions or dispositions, and .25% of the financing amount. In
              2001 and 2000, HHM earned  related fees of $31,000  (approximately
              9,200 OP units) in  conjunction  with  refinancing  activities and
              $144,000  (approximately  18,500  OP units)  in  conjunction  with
              refinancing and acquisition activities, respectively.

Shared Expenses
---------------

         Humphrey Associates, Inc. and HAI Management,  Inc., affiliates of HHM,
share certain operating  expenses with HHM.  Expenditures are allocated based on
each  entity's pro rata share of the expense.  As of December 31, 2001 and 2000,
approximately $45,000 and $77,000, respectively, is due from these affiliates.

                                       67
<PAGE>

Note 3.  Commitments

         HHM  operates  the  Hotels  under  the  terms  of  existing   franchise
agreements.   The  franchise  licenses  generally  specify  certain  management,
operational,  accounting,  reporting and marketing standards and procedures with
which  HHM must  comply  and  provide  for  annual  franchise  fees  based  upon
percentages of gross room revenue.  For the years ended December 31, 2001,  2000
and 1999,  franchise fees totaling  approximately  $4,188,000,  $4,557,000,  and
$1,902,000, respectively, were charged to hotel operations.

Note 4.   Profit Sharing Plans

         HHM has a 401(k) retirement savings and profit sharing plan under which
eligible  employees may  contribute up to the lesser of 20% of their salaries or
$10,500.  HHMI's  contributions  to the  plan  equal  50%  of the  participants'
contributions  not to exceed  5% of the  participant's  compensation.  Effective
October  26,  1999,  SHMI hired  substantially  all of the former  employees  of
Supertel and assumed  Supertel's  existing  401(k) profit  sharing plan.  SHMI's
contributions to the plan equal 50% of the  participants'  contributions  not to
exceed 5% of the participant's  compensation.  The participants in the SHMI plan
enrolled in the HHM plan in 2001 and the SHMI plan was terminated. Contributions
to the plans were approximately  $140,000,  $126,000,  and $41,000 in 2001, 2000
and 1999, respectively.

Note 5.  Note Payable

       HHM is a  joint  and  several  obligee  with  HAI  Management,  Inc.,  an
affiliated  entity,  under  a loan  agreement  with a  commercial  bank  with an
outstanding aggregate balance of approximately $404,000 as of December 31, 2001.
The loan is due in 2004, bears interest at a fixed rate of 10% and is payable in
equal monthly  installments of approximately  $14,000.  As of December 31, 2001,
HHM's  allocation of the principal  balance was  approximately  $202,000 and the
allocation   of  the  monthly   installments   of  principal  and  interest  was
approximately $7,000.

Note 6.  Subsequent Events

         Effective  January 1, 2002, HHM and a subsidiary of the Company entered
into a new  management  agreement  pursuant to which HHM will operate all of the
Hotels. The principal provisions of the new agreement are summarized as follows:

       o      With respect to the sale hotels,  HHM is entitled to the following
              fees: (a) prior to March 31, 2002, a base  management fee equal to
              5% of gross hotel income, as defined,  plus a potential  incentive
              fee and (b)  effective  April 1, 2002 through the end of the term,
              (i) a base management fee equal to 5% of gross hotel income,  plus
              (ii) an accounting  fee equal to 1/2% of gross hotel income,  plus
              (iii) a director  of  operations  fee equal to 1/2% of gross hotel
              income, plus (iv) a potential incentive fee.

       o      With  respect to the  remaining  hotels,  HHM is  entitled  to the
              following  fees:  (i) a base  management  fee equal to 5% of gross
              hotel income (6% until March 31,  2002),  plus (ii) an  accounting
              fee equal to 1/2% of gross hotel income,  plus (iii) a director of
              operations  fee equal to 1/2% of gross hotel  income,  plus (iv) a
              potential  incentive  fee. In  addition  to these fees,  effective
              January 1, 2002, the Company will reimburse HHM up to an aggregate
              of  $300,000  per  fiscal  year for  HHM's  reasonable  documented
              out-of-pocket  and  compensation  expenses for HHM's employees who
              oversee  sales and  marketing  activity on behalf of the Company's
              hotels  and  $150,000  per  fiscal  year  for  payroll  processing
              services.

                                       68
<PAGE>

Note 6.  Subsequent Events (continued)

       o      The agreement  expires on September  30, 2005,  subject to earlier
              termination  as to one or more  hotels  upon  (i) sale of a hotel,
              (ii) failure of HHM to achieve at least 85% of the budgeted  hotel
              net operating  income for a hotel (subject to HHM's right to avoid
              termination by paying an amount sufficient to reach 85% of

              budgeted  hotel net  operating  income),  (iii)  termination  of a
              franchise  agreement  as a result of HHM's  failure to satisfy its
              obligations  under  the  agreement,  and  (iv)  failure  of HHM to
              achieve  85% of the  budgeted  hotel net  operating  income in two
              consecutive  years  regardless of whether HHM has supplemented net
              operating income.

       o      Upon the  Company's  sale of a hotel prior to September  30, 2003,
              the Company will pay to HHM a termination  fee equal to 33-1/3% of
              the base  management  fee and incentive  fee, if any, for the most
              recent 12-month period ended prior to the date of termination.  No
              termination fee is payable upon  termination of the agreement upon
              sale of a hotel  after  September  30,  2003 or upon the sale of a
              sale hotel at any time.

       o      In addition  to the fees  described  above,  HHM is entitled to an
              incentive  fee  equal  to 20%  of  the  amount  by  which  "annual
              aggregate  hotel level net  operating  income," for all the hotels
              for each twelve month period ending  September 30,  beginning with
              the twelve month period ending September 30, 2002,  exceeds a base
              amount of $33,024,395  (which base amount is subject to adjustment
              for future purchases and sales of hotels).

         Also effective  January 1, 2002, the Company and HHM entered into a new
administrative   agreement  which  replaced  the  Financial  and  Administrative
Services agreement discussed in note 2. Under the new agreement,  the annual fee
for accounting, financial reporting and other administrative services is reduced
to $850,000 and HHM will no longer provide the Company with services  related to
acquiring, disposing and financing properties.

         On January 1, 2002,  a  subsidiary  of the Company  purchased  accounts
receivable aggregating approximately $781,000 from HHM in exchange for a note of
the same amount due April 1, 2002.  HHM agreed to  re-purchase  any  uncollected
accounts receivable on April 1, 2002.

                                       69

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
