<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>aex10k2004.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FY 04 10-K
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 10-K

       FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

(Mark One)
[x]  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended July 30, 2004

                                       OR

[ ]  Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934

     For the transition period from            to __________
                                    ----------               ----------

                             Commission file number
                                    000-25225

                                 ---------------------


                                CBRL GROUP, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          Tennessee                                            62-1749513
(State or other jurisdiction of                           (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                            Identification Number)

305 Hartmann Drive, P.O. Box 787                               37088-0787
Lebanon, Tennessee                                             (Zip code)
(Address of principal executive offices)


       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (615) 443-9869

                                 ----------------------


           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      None


           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g of the Act:

                                  Common Stock
                                (Par Value $.01)

                          Common Stock Purchase Rights
                                 (No Par Value)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
                                   Yes X No _

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. X
<PAGE>

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2) Yes X No __

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant, by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last
business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
which ended January 30, 2004, was $1,855,515,626. For purposes of this
computation, all directors, executive officers and 10% beneficial owners of the
registrant are assumed to be affiliates. This assumption is not a conclusive
determination for purposes other than this calculation.

As of September 24, 2004, there were 48,859,733 shares of common stock
outstanding.


<PAGE>





                       Documents Incorporated by Reference
                       -----------------------------------

Document from which Portions                               Part of Form 10-K
are Incorporated by Reference                           into which incorporated
-----------------------------                           -----------------------

1.   Annual Report to Shareholders                             Part II
     for the fiscal year ended
     July 30, 2004 (the "2004 Annual Report")
2.   Proxy Statement for Annual                                Part III
     Meeting of Shareholders to be held
     November 23, 2004
     (the "2004 Proxy Statement")


<PAGE>


                                     PART I
                                                                          PAGE

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS                                                            5
ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES                                                         15
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                                  17
ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS                17


                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
         STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES      20
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA                                            20
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
         AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                          20
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK         20
ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA                        20
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
         ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE                                20
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES                                            20
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION                                                  21


                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT                 22
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                             22
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
         AND MANAGEMENT                                                     22
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS                     22
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES                             22


                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES                         23

SIGNATURES                                                                  24


<PAGE>



     Except for specific historical  information,  the matters discussed in this
Form 10-K,  as well as the 2004  Annual  Report that is  incorporated  herein by
reference, are forward-looking  statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
other factors which may cause actual results and performance of CBRL Group, Inc.
to differ  materially from those expressed or implied by those  statements.  All
forward-looking  information  is provided  by the  Company  pursuant to the safe
harbor  established under the Private  Securities  Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and  should  be  evaluated  in the  context  of these  factors.  Forward-looking
statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as "assumptions,"  "target," "guidance,"  "outlook," "plans," "projection,"
"may," "will," "would," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe,"
"potential" or "continue" (or the negative or other derivatives of each of these
terms) or similar  terminology.  Factors  which could  materially  affect actual
results  include,  but are not  limited  to:  changes  in or  implementation  of
additional  governmental or regulatory  rules,  regulations and  interpretations
affecting  accounting  (including but not limited to, accounting for convertible
debt under Emerging  Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue Abstract No. 04-08),  tax,
wage  and  hour  matters,  health  and  safety,  pensions,  insurance  or  other
undeterminable areas; the effects of uncertain consumer confidence or general or
regional economic weakness on sales and customer travel activity; the ability of
the  Company  to  identify,  acquire  and sell  successful  new  lines of retail
merchandise;  commodity and utility price  changes;  workers'  compensation  and
group health costs and  liabilities;  consumer  behavior  based on concerns over
nutritional  or safety aspects of the Company's  products or restaurant  food in
general; competitive marketing and operational initiatives; the effects of plans
intended to improve operational execution and performance; the actual results of
pending or threatened  litigation or governmental  investigations or charges and
the costs and effects of negative  publicity  associated with these  activities;
practical  or  psychological  effects of  terrorist  acts or war and military or
government responses;  the effects of increased competition at Company locations
on sales and on labor recruiting,  cost, and retention;  the ability of and cost
to the Company to recruit,  train,  and retain qualified  restaurant  hourly and
management  employees;  disruptions to the Company's restaurant or retail supply
chain;  changes in foreign  exchange rates affecting the Company's future retail
inventory  purchases;   the  availability  and  cost  of  acceptable  sites  for
development  and the  Company's  ability  to  identify  such  sites;  changes in
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the United  States of America or
changes in capital market  conditions that could affect valuations of restaurant
companies  in general or the  Company's  goodwill in  particular;  increases  in
construction costs;  changes in interest rates affecting the Company's financing
costs;  and other factors  described from time to time in the Company's  filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"),  press releases,  and other
communications.  References to years (e.g.  "2004") are to the Company's  fiscal
year unless otherwise specified.


                                                               PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

OVERVIEW
     CBRL Group, Inc. (the "Company") is a holding company that, through certain
subsidiaries,  is engaged in the operation and development of the Cracker Barrel
Old Country  Store(R) and Logan's  Roadhouse(R)  restaurant and retail concepts.
The Company was  organized  under the laws of the state of  Tennessee  in August
1998 and  maintains  an Internet  website at  http://www.cbrlgroup.com.  We make
available  free of charge on or through our  Internet  website our  periodic and
other  reports  filed or  furnished  pursuant  to Section  13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the  "Exchange  Act") as soon as reasonably
practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.

CONCEPTS

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store
--------------------------------

     Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. ("Cracker Barrel"), headquartered in
Lebanon,  Tennessee,  through its various affiliates,  as of September 28, 2004,
operates 506 full-service  "country store" restaurants and gift shops, which are
located in 41 states.  Cracker  Barrel stores are intended to appeal to both the
<PAGE>

traveler and the local customer and consistently have been a consumer  favorite.
Cracker  Barrel  was  ranked  as the  top  family  dining  chain  for  the  14th
consecutive  year in the 2004  Restaurants &  Institutions  magazine  "Choice in
Chains" annual consumer survey.  Also, in J. D. Power and Associates'  inaugural
study of customer satisfaction in the restaurant industry, Cracker Barrel scored
the highest among family dining chains in overall  customer  satisfaction in its
core market regions and the second highest in those regions among all family and
casual dining chains. Additionally, Cracker Barrel was named "Chain of the Year"
by  Restaurant  Hospitality  magazine  in its  August  2003  issue.  Except  for
Christmas  day, when they are closed,  and Christmas Eve when they close at 2:00
p.m., Cracker Barrel restaurants serve breakfast, lunch and dinner daily between
the hours of 6:00 a.m.  and 10:00 p.m.  (closing  at 11:00 p.m.  on Fridays  and
Saturdays)  and feature home style  country  cooking  from Cracker  Barrel's own
recipes using quality ingredients and emphasizing  authenticity.  Menu items are
moderately  priced and include country ham,  chicken,  fish, roast beef,  beans,
turnip greens,  vegetable plates,  salads,  sandwiches,  pancakes,  eggs, bacon,
sausage and grits among other  items.  The  restaurants  do not serve  alcoholic
beverages. The stores are constructed in a trademarked rustic, old country store
design with a separate  retail area  offering a wide variety of  decorative  and
functional items featuring rocking chairs,  holiday and seasonal gifts and toys,
apparel, cookware and foods, including various old fashioned candies and jellies
among other  things.  Cracker  Barrel  offers items for sale in the retail store
that are also featured on, or related to, the restaurant  menu,  such as pies or
cornbread  and  pancake  mixes.   A  typical  store  will  offer   approximately
2,500-3,000  stock-keeping  units  (SKU's) for sale.  The Company  believes that
Cracker Barrel achieves high retail (over $470 of retail selling space annually)
sales per square foot both by offering  interesting  merchandise and by having a
significant  source  of retail  customers  from its high  volume  of  restaurant
customers, an average of over 8,000 per week in an average store.  Additionally,
Cracker  Barrel  offers gift cards and selected  merchandise  at an online store
accessible on the Internet at http://www.crackerbarrel.com.
     Stores primarily are located along interstate highways;  however, 65 stores
are located  near  "tourist  destinations"  or are  considered  "off-interstate"
stores.  In 2005,  Cracker  Barrel  intends  to open up to 88% of its new stores
along interstate  highways as compared to approximately 75% in 2004. The Company
believes that it should focus primarily on available  interstate locations where
Cracker Barrel generates the greatest brand awareness.  Off-interstate locations
are expected to represent a meaningful  part of Cracker  Barrel's future efforts
to expand the brand.  The Company has  identified  approximately  500  potential
trade  areas  with  characteristics  that  appear to be  consistent  with  those
believed to be necessary to support a successful Cracker Barrel unit.

Logan's Roadhouse
-----------------

     Logan's Roadhouse, Inc. ("Logan's"), headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee,
through its various affiliates,  as of September 28, 2004, in 18 states operates
113 Logan's restaurants and franchises an additional 20 Logan's restaurants. The
Logan's  concept is designed to appeal to a broad range of customers by offering
generous  portions of  moderately-priced,  high  quality  food in a very casual,
relaxed dining environment that is lively and entertaining.  Logan's restaurants
feature steaks, ribs, chicken, seafood dishes and combinations among other items
served in a distinctive  atmosphere  reminiscent of an American roadhouse of the
1930s  and  1940s.  The  restaurants  are open  seven  days a week,  except  for
Thanksgiving  and  Christmas  days,  for lunch and  dinner,  and offer  full bar
service.  Logan's  serves  lunch and dinner  between the hours of 11:00 a.m. and
10:00 p.m. (closing at 11:00 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays). The Logan's menu is
designed  to appeal to a wide  variety of  tastes,  and  emphasizes  extra-aged,
hand-cut  on-premises,  USDA choice steaks,  and signature  dishes such as baked
sweet potatoes and made-from-scratch yeast rolls. The fun atmosphere is enhanced
by display  cooking  of  grilled  items and  buckets  of  complimentary  roasted
in-shell  peanuts on every table,  which guests are  encouraged to enjoy and let
the shells fall on the floor.  Alcoholic  beverages  represented less than 9% of
Logan's net sales in 2004.
<PAGE>

OPERATIONS

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store
--------------------------------

     Store Format: The format of Cracker Barrel stores consists of a trademarked
rustic, old country-store style building. All stores are freestanding buildings.
Store interiors are subdivided  into a dining room  consisting of  approximately
30% of  the  total  interior  store  space,  and a  retail  shop  consisting  of
approximately  22% of such  space,  with the  balance  primarily  consisting  of
kitchen,  storage and training areas.  All stores have stone  fireplaces,  which
burn wood except  where not  permitted.  All are  decorated  with  antique-style
furnishings and other authentic and nostalgic items,  reminiscent of and similar
to those found and sold in the past in original  old country  stores.  The front
porch of each  store  features a row of the  signature  Cracker  Barrel  rocking
chairs  that are used by guests  waiting  for a table and are sold in the retail
shop.  The  kitchens  contain  modern food  preparation  and  storage  equipment
allowing for flexibility in menu variety and development.

     Products:   Cracker  Barrel's   restaurant   operations,   which  generated
approximately  76% of Cracker  Barrel's total revenue in 2004,  offer home-style
country cooking featuring Cracker Barrel's own recipes emphasizing  authenticity
and quality. The restaurants offer breakfast, lunch and dinner from a moderately
priced menu.  Breakfast  items can be ordered at any time throughout the day and
include juices,  eggs,  pancakes,  bacon,  country ham,  sausage,  grits,  and a
variety of biscuit specialties, including gravy and biscuits and country ham and
biscuits.  Prices  for a  breakfast  meal  range  from  $2.29 to $8.29,  and the
breakfast  day-part  (until  11:00  a.m.)  accounted  for  approximately  22% of
restaurant  sales in 2004.  Lunch and dinner items include country ham,  chicken
and dumplings, chicken fried chicken, meatloaf, country fried steak, pork chops,
fish,  steak,  roast  beef,  vegetable  plates,  salads,  sandwiches,  soups and
specialty items such as pinto beans and turnip greens. Lunch (11:00 a.m. to 4:00
p.m.) and dinner (4:00 p.m. to close) day-parts reflected  approximately 36% and
42% of restaurant  sales,  respectively,  in 2004. The Company also periodically
features  new items as  off-menu  specials  to  enhance  customer  interest  and
identify  potential future  additions to the menu.  Lunches and dinners range in
price  from $3.19 to  $12.99.  In 2004,  Cracker  Barrel  introduced  a new menu
featuring several new products,  including daily dinner features that showcase a
popular dinner entree for each day of the week and a low-carbohydrate section on
both its  breakfast  and  lunch/dinner  menus.  The average  check per guest for
fiscal 2004 was $7.68.  Cracker  Barrel from time to time adjusts its prices.  A
price increase of approximately 1.7% was instituted in January 2004.

     The  retail  operations,  which  generated  approximately  24%  of  Cracker
Barrel's  total  revenue  in  2004,  offer  a wide  variety  of  decorative  and
functional items such as rocking chairs,  holiday gifts and toys, apparel,  cast
iron cookware,  old-fashioned  crockery,  handcrafted figurines, a book-on-audio
saleandexchange  program  and  various  other  gift  items,  as well as  various
candies,  preserves,  syrups  and other  food  items.  Many of the candy  items,
jellies and jams,  along with other high  quality  products,  are sold under the
"Cracker Barrel Old Country Store" brand name.  Cracker Barrel  sometimes offers
items for sale in the retail store that are also featured on, or related to, the
restaurant  menu,  such as pies or  cornbread  and  pancake  mixes.  The Company
believes that Cracker  Barrel  achieves high retail (over $470 of retail selling
space annually) sales per square foot both by offering  interesting  merchandise
and by having a significant  source of retail  customers from the high volume of
restaurant customers, an average of over 8,000 per week in a typical store. More
than 99% of sales in the retail shop are to customers who also are guests in the
restaurant.

     Product  Development and Merchandising:  Cracker Barrel maintains a product
development  department,  which develops new and improved menu items in response
either to shifts in customer preferences or to create customer interest. Cracker
Barrel merchandising specialists are involved on a continuing basis in selecting
and positioning  merchandise in the retail shop with an overall  nostalgic theme
targeted to appeal to travelers. Cracker Barrel introduced the first editions of
the  proprietary  "American  Music Legends" series of CD's featuring music stars
from Elvis, to Patsy Cline,  to Louis  Armstrong and other music  celebrities in
the spring of 2004.  This new  introduction is in addition to its existing first
editions  of  proprietary  "Heritage  Music"  CDs  featuring  various  styles of
traditional  American music from  bluegrass,  to blues,  to Cajun, to gospel and
other styles.  Management believes that Cracker Barrel has adequate  flexibility
to meet future shifts in consumer  preference on a timely basis,  although there
can be no assurance that all of its  merchandise  selections will be successful.
Coordinated seasonal promotions are used regularly in the restaurants and retail
shops.
<PAGE>

     Store  Management and Quality  Controls:  Cracker  Barrel store  management
typically  consists of a general manager,  four associate  managers and a retail
manager,  who are responsible for an average of 107 employees on two shifts. The
relative  complexity of operating a Cracker  Barrel store  requires an effective
management team at the individual store level. As a motivation to store managers
to improve sales and operational  performance,  Cracker Barrel maintains a bonus
plan designed to provide store  management  with an  opportunity to share in the
profits of their store.  Additionally,  Cracker Barrel has a supplemental  bonus
plan,  providing  managers an opportunity to earn additional bonus amounts based
on achieving specific  operational targets. To assure that individual stores are
operated at a high level of quality, Cracker Barrel emphasizes the selection and
training  of store  managers.  It also  employs  district  managers  to  support
individual  store  managers and regional vice  presidents to support  individual
district managers.  Each district manager's individual span of control typically
is seven to eight individual  restaurants,  and regional vice presidents support
eight to ten district managers.  Each store is assigned to both a restaurant and
a retail district manager and each district is assigned to both a restaurant and
a retail  regional vice  president.  The various levels of restaurant and retail
management work closely together.

     The  store  management  recruiting  and  training  program  begins  with an
evaluation  and  screening  process.  In  addition to  multiple  interviews  and
background and experience verification, Cracker Barrel conducts testing designed
to identify  those  applicants  most  likely to be best  suited to manage  store
operations.  Those candidates who successfully  pass this screening  process are
then required to complete an 11-week training program  consisting of eight weeks
of in-store  training and three weeks of training at Cracker Barrel's  corporate
facilities.  This program allows new managers the opportunity to become familiar
with Cracker Barrel operations,  culture,  management  objectives,  controls and
evaluation  criteria before assuming management  responsibility.  Cracker Barrel
provides its managers and hourly  employees  with ongoing  training  through its
various   development  courses  taught  through  a  blended  learning  approach,
including hands-on training,  written and Internet-based training.  During 2004,
the Company  completed  installing  training  computers  in all stores and fully
implemented the  Internet-based  computer-assisted  instruction  program used to
train  both  hourly  and  management   staff   consistently  at  all  locations.
Additionally,  each store has an employee training  coordinator who is dedicated
to training hourly  employees in the store through the various  training methods
mentioned above.

     Purchasing and Distribution:  Cracker Barrel negotiates  directly with food
vendors  as to  specification,  price  and  other  material  terms of most  food
purchases.  Cracker  Barrel  is a  party  to a  prime  vendor  contract  with an
unaffiliated distributor with custom distribution centers in Lebanon, Tennessee;
McKinney,  Texas;  Gainesville,  Florida;  Elkton, Maryland; and Ft. Mill, South
Carolina.  In June 2003 this vendor's  contract was renewed through 2007 with no
price  increase from 2002 pricing until 2005. The contract does provide for fuel
cost adjustments  under certain  conditions.  The contract will remain in effect
until both parties  mutually modify it in writing or until  terminated by either
Cracker  Barrel or the  distributor  upon 180 days  written  notice to the other
party. Cracker Barrel purchases the majority of its food products and restaurant
supplies  on  a  cost-plus  basis  through  its  unaffiliated  distributor.  The
distributor  is  responsible   for  placing  food  orders  and  warehousing  and
delivering food products to Cracker  Barrel's stores.  Deliveries  generally are
made once per week to the individual  stores.  Certain perishable food items are
purchased locally by Cracker Barrel stores.

     Four food  categories  (dairy,  including  eggs,  beef,  pork and  poultry)
account for the largest shares of Cracker  Barrel's food  purchasing  expense at
approximately  15%,  14%,  13% and 11%,  respectively,  but each  category  does
include several  individual  items. The single food item within these categories
accounting for the largest share of Cracker Barrel's food purchasing expense was
chicken tenderloin at approximately 7% of food purchases in 2004. Cracker Barrel
presently  purchases its beef through six vendors,  pork through eight  vendors,
and  poultry  through  eight  vendors.  Cracker  Barrel  purchases  its  chicken
tenderloin  through two vendors.  Dairy and eggs are purchased  through numerous
vendors including local vendors. Should any food items from these vendors become
unavailable,  management  believes  that these food items  could be  obtained in
sufficient quantities from other sources at competitive prices.

     The  majority of retail  items  (approximately  69% in 2004) are  centrally
purchased directly by Cracker Barrel from domestic and international vendors and
warehoused at the Company's owned Lebanon distribution center. Approximately 35%
of Cracker  Barrel's  retail  purchases in 2004 were  directly from the People's
Republic of China, and the Company believes that other of its retail merchandise
vendors  may also make such  purchases  of items  sold to  Cracker  Barrel.  The
distribution  center fulfills retail item orders  generated by Cracker  Barrel's
automated replenishment system and generally ships the retail orders once a week
to the  individual  stores.  Certain retail items,  not centrally  purchased and
warehoused at the distribution  center,  are drop-shipped  directly from Cracker
Barrel's vendors to its stores. The distribution center is a 367,200 square foot
warehouse  facility  with 36  foot  ceilings  and  170  bays,  and  includes  an
additional  13,800  square feet of office and  maintenance  space.  The facility
originally was built in 1993 and expanded in 1996. On occasion, other facilities
have been used for seasonal or temporary storage.

     Cost and Inventory Controls:  Cracker Barrel's computer systems and various
analysis  tools are used to evaluate  store  operating  information  and provide
management  with reports to  determine  if any unusual  variances in food costs,
labor costs or  operating  expenses  have  occurred.  Management  also  monitors
individual  store  restaurant  and  retail  sales on a daily  basis and  closely
monitors sales mix, sales trends,  operational costs and inventory  levels.  The
information  generated by the computer  systems,  analysis  tools and monitoring
processes  are used to manage  the  operations  of the store,  replenish  retail
inventory levels and to facilitate  retail purchasing  decisions.  These systems
and processes also are used in the  development of forecasts,  budget  analyses,
and planning.

     Guest  Satisfaction:  Cracker Barrel is committed to providing its guests a
home-style,  country-cooked meal, and a variety of retail merchandise served and
sold with genuine hospitality in a comfortable environment, in a way that evokes
memories of the past.  Cracker Barrel's  commitment to offering guests a quality
experience begins with its employees. Its mission statement,  "Pleasing People",
means all people,  guests and employees alike,  and the Company's  employees are
trained and  reinforced on the importance of that mission in a culture of mutual
respect.  Cracker  Barrel  also is  committed  to  staffing  each  store with an
experienced  management  team to ensure  attentive  guest service and consistent
food  quality.  Through the regular use of guest surveys and store visits by its
district  managers and regional vice presidents,  management  receives  valuable
feedback,  which it uses in its  ongoing  efforts to  improve  the stores and to
demonstrate  Cracker  Barrel's  continuing  commitment  to pleasing  its guests.
Cracker  Barrel also has for many years had a guest  relations  call center that
takes  comments and  suggestions  from guests and forwards them to operations or
other  management  for  information  and  follow up.  Cracker  Barrel has public
notices in its menus,  on its  website and posted in its  restaurants  informing
customers  and  employees  about how to contact  Cracker  Barrel by  Internet or
toll-free  telephone  number with  questions,  complaints or concerns  regarding
services  or  products.  Cracker  Barrel  conducts  training  in how  to  gather
information  and  investigate  and  resolve  all  customer  concerns.   This  is
accompanied  by  comprehensive  training  for all  store  employees  on  Cracker
Barrel's public  accommodations  policy and its commitment to "pleasing people."
In fiscal year 2005,  the Company  will  implement  an  anonymous,  unannounced,
third-party  store  testing  program,   to  ensure  compliance  with  its  guest
satisfaction  policies  and  commitments.  In 2005,  Cracker  Barrel  intends to
introduce an improved  interactive  voice response ("IVR") system to monitor all
stores on a monthly basis.  Cracker Barrel has used an IVR system in the past to
monitor the  performance  of new  restaurants  and to provide  insight  into the
performance  of poorer  performing  stores.  The use of the IVR  system  will be
extended to provide  information in a highly objective and consistent  manner in
order for management to take appropriate action.

     Marketing:  Outdoor  advertising (i.e.,  billboards and state department of
transportation  signs)  is the  primary  advertising  medium  utilized  to reach
consumers in the primary  trade area for each  Cracker  Barrel store and also to
reach  interstate  travelers and  tourists.  Outdoor  advertising  accounted for
approximately  60%  of  advertising   expenditures,   with  approximately  1,730
billboards  as of the end of 2004, of which 230  billboards  were gratis to help
celebrate the Company's  35th  anniversary.  In recent years Cracker  Barrel has
utilized other types of media,  such as radio and print,  in its core markets to
maintain  customer  awareness,  and outside of its core markets to increase name
awareness and to build brand  loyalty.  Cracker  Barrel defines its core markets
based on geographic location, longevity in the market and name awareness in each
<PAGE>

market.  Cracker  Barrel plans to maintain its overall  advertising  spending at
approximately  2% of Cracker  Barrel's  revenues in 2005,  as it has since 2000.
Outdoor   advertising   should  continue  to  represent   approximately  60%  of
advertising  expenditures  in  2005.  New  store  locations  generally  are  not
advertised in the media until several weeks after they have been opened in order
to give the staff time to adjust to local  customer  habits and traffic  volume,
after which time a full marketing plan may be implemented.

Logan's Roadhouse
-----------------

     Store Format:  Logan's restaurants  generally are constructed of rough-hewn
cedar siding in combination with bands of corrugated metal outlined in red neon.
Interiors  are decorated  with murals and other  artifacts  depicting  scenes or
billboard  advertisements  reminiscent  of American  roadhouses of the 1930s and
1940s,  concrete and wooden planked floors and neon signs.  The lively,  upbeat,
friendly, relaxed atmosphere seeks to appeal to families, couples, single adults
and  business   persons.   The  restaurants   feature  display  cooking  and  an
old-fashioned  meat counter displaying ribs and hand-cut USDA choice steaks, and
also  include a spacious,  comfortable  bar area.  While dining or waiting for a
table, guests may eat complimentary roasted in-shell peanuts and toss the shells
on the floor.  In the waiting area they also may watch as cooks  prepare  steaks
and other entrees on gas-fired mesquite grills.  Many of the restaurants feature
a  complimentary  Wurlitzer(R)  jukebox in the waiting or bar area. All of these
features  are  intended  to  emphasize  a relaxed,  roadhouse-type  environment.
Logan's is in the process of developing and designing a new prototype restaurant
that it expects to test with an opening in late 2005 or early 2006 and regularly
sometime thereafter.

     Products:  Logan's  restaurants  offer a wide variety of items  designed to
appeal to a broad range of consumer  tastes.  Specialty  appetizers  include hot
wings  "Roadhouse-style",  baby back rib baskets  and  "Roadhouse"  nachos.  The
Logan's  dinner menu features an  assortment  of specially  seasoned USDA choice
steaks,  extra-aged,  and cut by hand on  premises.  Guests also may choose from
slow-cooked baby back ribs, seafood,  mesquite-grilled shrimp,  mesquite-grilled
pork  chops,  grilled  chicken  and an  assortment  of  hamburgers,  salads  and
sandwiches.  All dinner entrees  include dinner salad,  made-from-scratch  yeast
rolls and a choice of brown  sugar and  cinnamon  sweet  potato,  baked  potato,
mashed potatoes, steamed vegetables,  fries or other side items at no additional
cost.  Less than 9% of Logan's net sales in 2004 were from alcoholic  beverages.
In 2004,  Logan's introduced a happy hour in most of its restaurants to increase
the incidence of alcohol  sales.  The happy hour was  introduced  with continued
emphasis  on  responsible  alcohol  service  through  training  and  operational
standards.  Logan's  express  lunch menu provides  specially  priced items to be
served  in  less  than  15   minutes.   All  lunch   salads  are   served   with
made-from-scratch  yeast  rolls,  and  all  lunch  sandwiches  are  served  with
home-style  potato  chips at no  additional  cost.  In 2004,  lunch  and  dinner
accounted for approximately 35% and 65% of Logan's sales,  respectively.  Prices
range  from  $4.99 to $8.99 for lunch  items and from $5.59 to $18.99 for dinner
entrees. Logan's generally targets to achieve value parity or advantage relative
to key  competitors,  especially on comparable menu items. The average check per
customer for 2004 was $11.85, including alcoholic beverages. A price increase of
0.2% was instituted on September 15, 2003,  which affected only soft drinks.  An
increase of 0.5% was  instituted on October 27, 2003 and an increase of 2.3% was
also instituted on May 3, 2004.

     Product  Development:  In 2004,  Logan's hired its first  full-time  senior
director of food and beverage development to increase its focus on enhancing and
developing the brand through improved and appealing product  offerings.  Logan's
tests various new products in an effort to obtain the highest  quality  products
possible and to be responsive to changing  customer tastes. In order to maximize
operating  efficiencies  and  provide  the  freshest  ingredients  for its  food
products,  purchasing  decisions  are  made  by  Logan's  corporate  management.
Management believes that Logan's has adequate  flexibility to meet future shifts
in consumer preference on a timely basis.

     Restaurant  Management and Quality Controls:  Logan's restaurant management
typically  consists of a general manager,  one kitchen manager and three to four
assistant  managers who are responsible for  approximately 78 hourly  employees.
Each  restaurant  employs a skilled  meat-cutter  to cut steaks from USDA choice
<PAGE>

beef. The general  manager of each  restaurant is responsible for the day-to-day
operations of the restaurant,  including  maintaining  high standards of quality
and  performance  established  by Logan's  corporate  management.  The  relative
complexity of operating a Logan's  restaurant  requires an effective  management
team at the individual  restaurant level. As a motivation to restaurant managers
to increase revenues and operational performance, Logan's maintains a bonus plan
that rewards  managers  for  achieving  sales and profit  targets as well as key
operating  cost  measures.  Logan's  expects to increase the emphasis on overall
financial  performance for its managers in 2005. Logan's  restaurant  management
teams  typically  are  comprised  of one to two persons who were  promoted  into
management  positions  from  non-management  positions and two to three managers
with previous management  experience.  To assure that individual restaurants are
operated at high standards of quality,  Logan's has regional managers to support
individual  restaurant  managers and three regional vice presidents and a senior
vice  president of  operations to support  individual  regional  managers.  Each
regional manager supports 4 to 6 individual restaurants,  and each regional vice
president  supports  7 to 8 regional  managers.  Through  regular  visits to the
restaurants,  the  senior  vice  president  of  operations,  the  regional  vice
presidents,  the regional  managers and other senior  management ensure that the
Logan's  concept,  strategy and standards of quality are being adhered to in all
aspects of restaurant operations.

     Logan's requires that its restaurant  managers have significant  experience
in the  full-service  restaurant  industry.  All new  managers  are  required to
complete a comprehensive  ten-week training course.  This course is comprised of
eight  weeks of  training  at a Logan's  restaurant  and two weeks of  classroom
training  conducted at the Logan's  training  facility in Nashville.  The entire
course  emphasizes  the Logan's  operating  strategy,  procedures and standards.
Logan's also has a specialized training program required for managers and hourly
service employees on responsible alcohol service.

     Purchasing and Distribution:  Logan's strives to obtain consistent  quality
items at competitive prices from reliable sources.  Logan's negotiates  directly
with food vendors as to  specifications,  price and other material terms of most
food purchases. Where applicable,  Logan's works with the purchasing function at
Cracker  Barrel to seek possible  synergies  from combined  activities.  Logan's
purchases  the  majority  of its food  products  and  restaurant  supplies  on a
cost-plus  basis  through  the  same  unaffiliated  distributor  that is used by
Cracker  Barrel.  The  distributor  is  responsible  for placing food orders and
warehousing  and  delivering  food  products  for Logan's  restaurants.  Certain
perishable food items are purchased locally by the restaurants.

     The single food item accounting for the largest share  (approximately  35%)
of Logan's food cost is beef.  Steaks are hand-cut on the premises,  in contrast
to many in the restaurant industry that purchase  pre-portioned steaks.  Logan's
presently purchases its beef through one supply contract.  Should any beef items
from this supplier become unavailable for any reason,  management  believes that
such items could be  obtained in  sufficient  quantities  from other  sources at
competitive prices.

     Cost and Inventory  Controls:  Management  closely monitors sales,  product
costs and labor at each of its  restaurants.  Daily sales and weekly  restaurant
operating  results are analyzed by management to detect trends at each location,
and negative trends are addressed  promptly.  Financial  controls are maintained
through  management of an accounting and information  management  system that is
implemented  at  the  restaurant  level.  Administrative  and  management  staff
prepares daily reports of sales,  labor and customer counts.  On a weekly basis,
condensed  operating  statements are compiled by the  accounting  department and
provide management a detailed analysis of sales, product and labor costs, with a
comparison to budget and prior year performance.  These systems also are used in
the development of budget analyses and planning.

     Guest  Satisfaction:  Logan's is committed to providing its guests  prompt,
friendly,  efficient service,  keeping  table-to-server  ratios low and staffing
each  restaurant with an experienced  management team to ensure  attentive guest
service and  consistent  food  quality.  Through  the  regular use of  marketing
research,  guest  feedback  to  the  managers  while  in the  restaurant  and an
outsourced  "secret shoppers"  program,  management  receives valuable feedback,
which it uses to improve  restaurants and  demonstrate a continuing  interest in
guest satisfaction.  Management frequently evaluates new technology and advanced
methods of studying and enhancing guest satisfaction on an ongoing basis.
<PAGE>

     Marketing:  Logan's employs an advertising and marketing  strategy designed
to establish  and maintain a high level of name  recognition  and to attract new
customers.  Logan's  primarily  uses  radio  advertising  in  selected  markets.
Management's  goal is to  develop a greater  number of  restaurants  in  certain
markets to support and enhance the cost-efficient  use of television,  radio and
outdoor advertising.  In past years Logan's has spent approximately 1.3% to 1.4%
of  revenues  on  advertising  and  expects to do so in 2005 even though it only
spent  0.5% in 2004.  With  changes in Logan's  management  during  2004 and the
resulting refocus of management priorities on improving the brand and clarifying
the media message, Logan's accordingly reduced its advertising spending. Logan's
also engages in a variety of promotional activities,  such as contributing time,
money and complimentary  meals to charitable,  civic and cultural  programs,  in
order to increase  public  awareness  of Logan's  restaurants.  Logan's also has
certain  relationships  with the National  Football  League's  Tennessee Titans,
including  two  concession  facilities  (named  "Logan's  Landing")  inside  the
Nashville, Tennessee Coliseum and various promotions during and around the games
as well as  other  events,  such as home  football  games  for  Tennessee  State
University.  Additionally,  Logan's  roasted  in-shell  peanuts  are sold at the
Gaylord  Entertainment  Center,  home of the Nashville Predators of the National
Hockey League.

     Franchising:  Prior  to the  Company  acquiring  Logan's  Roadhouse,  Inc.,
Logan's  entered into  certain  area  development  agreements  and  accompanying
franchise  agreements.  Two  franchisees  operate  20 Logan's  restaurants  in 4
states,  and have rights under the existing  agreements,  subject to development
terms, conditions and timing requirements, to open up to 18 additional locations
in those same states plus parts of Oregon. Certain of the agreements provide for
the possible  acquisition of the franchise  locations by Logan's under specified
terms. Management is not currently planning any other franchising  opportunities
in the near future beyond the current development  agreements,  although Logan's
believes  additional  franchising  could  become an  opportunity  in the future.
Logan's offers no financing,  financial guarantees or other financial assistance
to its franchisees and has no ownership interest in any franchisee properties or
assets.

UNIT DEVELOPMENT

     Cracker  Barrel opened 24 new stores in 2004.  Cracker Barrel plans to open
25 new stores  during 2005,  two of which  already are open as of September  28,
2004.

     Logan's  opened 11 new  company-operated  restaurants  and four  franchised
restaurants in 2004. Logan's plans to open 18 new  company-operated  restaurants
and five franchised restaurants during 2005. Six of the planned company-operated
restaurants already are open as of September 28, 2004.

     Of the 506 Cracker Barrel stores open as of September 28, 2004, the Company
owns 365,  while the other 141 properties are either ground leases or ground and
building  leases.  The current Cracker Barrel store  prototype is  approximately
10,000  square  feet  including  approximately  2,200  square feet in the retail
selling space. The prototype has 194 seats in the restaurant.

     Of the 133  Logan's  restaurants  open as of  September  28,  2004,  20 are
franchised restaurants.  Of the remaining 113 Logan's restaurants,  58 are owned
and  55  are  ground  leases.  The  current  Logan's  restaurant   prototype  is
approximately  8,023 square feet with 286 seats,  including 24 seats at the bar.
Logan's is in the process of developing and designing a new prototype restaurant
that it expects to test with an opening in late 2005 or early 2006 and regularly
sometime thereafter.

EMPLOYEES

     As of July 30, 2004, CBRL Group,  Inc.  employed 30 people, of whom 12 were
in advisory  and  supervisory  capacities  and 7 were  officers of the  Company.
Cracker  Barrel  employed  approximately  60,000  people,  of whom  463  were in
advisory and supervisory  capacities,  3,033 were in store management  positions
and 36 were officers.  Logan's employed  approximately  9,200 people, of whom 79
<PAGE>

were in advisory and supervisory  capacities,  603 were in restaurant management
positions and 6 were officers.  Many of the restaurant personnel are employed on
a part-time  basis.  Competition for and availability of qualified new employees
has always been  difficult,  contributing  to increases in store labor expenses,
but general  economic and labor market  conditions  have been relatively soft in
recent quarters, contributing to less wage pressure than in prior years. None of
the employees of the Company or its  subsidiaries  are represented by any union,
and management considers its employee relations to be good.

COMPETITION

     The  restaurant  business  is highly  competitive  and often is affected by
changes  in the  taste  and  eating  habits of the  public,  local and  national
economic  conditions  affecting  spending  habits,  and  population  and traffic
patterns. Restaurant industry segments overlap and often provide competition for
widely  diverse  restaurant  concepts.  In  exceptionally  good economic  times,
consumers  can be expected to patronize a broader range of  restaurants  and the
breadth of competition at different  restaurant  segments is likewise increased.
The principal  basis of competition in the industry is the quality,  variety and
price of the  food  products  offered.  Site  selection,  quality  and  speed of
service, advertising and the attractiveness of facilities are also important.

     There are many restaurant  companies catering to the public,  some of which
are substantially larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than
those of either  Cracker  Barrel or  Logan's,  and which  compete  directly  and
indirectly in all areas in which either Cracker Barrel or Logan's operates.

TRADEMARKS

     Cracker  Barrel  and  Logan's  deem the  trademarks  owned by them or their
affiliates  to be of  substantial  value.  Their  policy  is to  obtain  federal
registration  of their  trademarks  and  other  intellectual  property  whenever
possible and to pursue vigorously any infringement of trademarks.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     While  research  and  development  are  important  to  the  Company,  these
expenditures  have not been  material  due to the nature of the  restaurant  and
retail industry.

SEASONAL ASPECTS

     Historically  the profits of the Company have been lower in the first three
fiscal quarters and highest in the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes much of
the summer vacation and travel season.  Management  attributes  these variations
primarily to the increase in interstate  tourist  traffic and propensity to dine
out during the summer  months,  whereas  after the school year begins and as the
winter months  approach,  there is a decrease in interstate  tourist traffic and
less of a tendency to dine out due to inclement  weather.  The Company's  retail
sales  historically  have been highest in the Company's  second fiscal  quarter,
which includes the Christmas holiday shopping season.

SEGMENT REPORTING

     The  Company  has  one  reportable  segment.  See  Notes  2  and  8 to  the
consolidated   financial   statements   contained  in  the  2004  Annual  Report
incorporated by reference in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more
information on segment reporting.

WORKING CAPITAL

     In the restaurant  industry,  substantially  all sales  transactions  occur
either  in cash or by  third-party  credit  card.  Like  most  other  restaurant
companies, the Company is able to, and may often, operate with a working capital
deficit.  Restaurant  inventories purchased through the Company's principal food
distributor  now are on terms of net zero  days,  while  restaurant  inventories
purchased locally generally are financed through normal trade credit. Because of
its retail  operations,  which have a lower product turnover than the restaurant
business,  the Company carries larger  inventories  than many other companies in
the restaurant industry. Retail inventories purchased domestically generally are
financed from normal trade credit,  while imported retail inventories  generally
are purchased through letters of credit and wire transfers.  These various trade
terms are aided by rapid product turnover of the restaurant inventory.  Employee
compensation and benefits payable generally may be related to weekly,  bi-weekly
or semi-monthly pay cycles,  and many other operating expenses have normal trade
terms.


<PAGE>



ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

     The Company's corporate  headquarters are located on approximately 10 acres
of land owned by Cracker  Barrel in Lebanon,  Tennessee.  The  Company  utilizes
10,000 square feet of office space for its corporate headquarters.

     The Cracker  Barrel  corporate  headquarters  and warehouse  facilities are
located on  approximately  120 acres of land owned by Cracker Barrel in Lebanon,
Tennessee.  Cracker Barrel utilizes  approximately 110,000 square feet of office
space for its corporate headquarters and decorative fixtures warehouse.  Cracker
Barrel  also  utilizes  367,200  square  feet  of  warehouse  facilities  and an
additional  13,800  square feet of office and  maintenance  space for its retail
distribution center.

     The Logan's  corporate  headquarters  and training  facility are located in
approximately  25,000  and  6,000  square  feet,  respectively,   in  Nashville,
Tennessee, under two leases, both of which expire on April 1, 2010.

     Cracker  Barrel owns and  operates a motel in Lebanon,  Tennessee  which is
used for housing its management  trainees when they are in the classroom portion
of their training, and which also serves the general public.


<PAGE>



     In addition to the various  corporate  facilities,  33 properties  owned or
leased for future development,  motel, and 6 parcels of excess real property and
improvements including one leased property, which the Company intends to dispose
of, Cracker Barrel and Logan's own or lease the following store properties as of
September 28, 2004:


State                       Cracker Barrel        Logan's         Combined
-----                       --------------     -------------    -------------
                             Owned  Leased     Owned  Leased    Owned  Leased
                             -----  ------     -----  ------    -----  ------

Tennessee                      33     12         12      4        45     16
Florida                        39     11          4      2        43     13
Texas                          23      4          9     11        32     15
Georgia                        26      8          7      3        33     11
Indiana                        20      5          6      4        26      9
Ohio                           22      9          1      2        23     11
Alabama                        14      8          6      5        20     13
Kentucky                       17      9          -      5        17     14
Michigan                       14      3          2     10        16     13
North Carolina                 20      7          -      -        20      7
Virginia                       15      3          6      1        21      4
Illinois                       21      1          -      -        21      1
Pennsylvania                    8     10          -      -         8     10
South Carolina                 11      6          -      -        11      6
Missouri                       12      3          -      1        12      4
Mississippi                     8      3          1      3         9      6
Louisiana                       7      2          3      2        10      4
Arkansas                        4      6          1      1         5      7
Arizona                         2      7          -      -         2      7
West Virginia                   3      5          -      1         3      6
New York                        7      1          -      -         7      1
New Jersey                      2      4          -      -         2      4
Oklahoma                        4      2          -      -         4      2
Kansas                          4      1          -      -         4      1
Wisconsin                       5      -          -      -         5      -
Colorado                        3      1          -      -         3      1
Massachusetts                   -      4          -      -         -      4
Maryland                        3      1          -      -         3      1
Iowa                            3      -          -      -         3      -
New Mexico                      2      1          -      -         2      1
Utah                            3      -          -      -         3      -
Connecticut                     1      1          -      -         1      1
Minnesota                       2      -          -      -         2      -
Montana                         2      -          -      -         2      -
Nebraska                        1      1          -      -         1      1
Delaware                        -      1          -      -         -      1
Idaho                           1      -          -      -         1      -
New Hampshire                   1      -          -      -         1      -
North Dakota                    1      -          -      -         1      -
Rhode Island                    -      1          -      -         -      1
South Dakota                    1      -          -      -         1      -

Total                         365    141         58     55       423    196

     See "Business-Operations" and "Business-Expansion" in Item I of this Annual
Report  on  Form  10-K  for  additional  information  on the  Company's  and its
subsidiaries' properties.


<PAGE>


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Part I,  Item 3 of the  2003  Form  10-K  is  incorporated  herein  by this
reference.

     Part II,  Item 1 of the  Company's  Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for the
quarter  ended  October  31,  2003 and filed with the SEC on December 5, 2003 is
incorporated herein by this reference.

     Part II,  Item 1 of the  Company's  Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for the
quarter  ended  January  30,  2004 and  filed  with the SEC on March 5,  2004 is
incorporated herein by this reference.

     Part II,  Item 1 of the  Company's  Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for the
quarter  ended  April  30,  2004  and  filed  with  the SEC on  June 2,  2004 is
incorporated herein by this reference.

     Item  7.01 of the  Company's  Current  Report  on Form 8-K  filed  with the
Commission on September 9, 2004 is incorporated herein by this reference.

     See also Note 9 to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements filed or
incorporated  by reference into in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, which also is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     Not applicable.

<PAGE>



     Pursuant  to  Instruction  3 to Item 401(b) of  Regulation  S-K and General
Instruction  G(3) to Form 10-K, the following  information is included in Part I
of this Form 10-K.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

     The following table sets forth certain information concerning the executive
officers of the Company, as of September 28, 2004:

Name                            Age         Position with Registrant
----                            ---         ------------------------

Dan W. Evins                     69         Chairman of the Board

Michael A. Woodhouse             59         President & Chief Executive Officer

Lawrence E. White                54         Senior Vice President, Finance
                                            & Chief Financial Officer

James F. Blackstock              57         Senior Vice President,
                                            General Counsel and Secretary

Norman J. Hill                   62         Senior Vice President, Human
                                            Resources

Patrick A. Scruggs               40         Vice President, Accounting and Tax,
                                            & Chief Accounting Officer

Donald M. Turner                 56         President and Chief Operating
                                            Officer of Cracker Barrel Old
                                            Country Store, Inc.

Cyril J. Taylor                  50         Executive Vice President of Cracker
                                            Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

David L. Gilbert                 47         Chief Administrative Officer of
                                            Cracker Barrel Old Country
                                            Store, Inc.

G. Thomas Vogel                  40         President and Chief Operating
                                            Officer of Logan's Roadhouse, Inc.

     The  following  information  summarizes  the  business  experience  of each
executive officer of the Company for at least the past five years:

     Prior to his  employment  with the Company in January  1999,  Mr. Evins was
Chairman  of the Board and Chief  Executive  Officer  ("CEO") of Cracker  Barrel
since its founding in 1969. He continued to serve as CEO of Cracker Barrel until
August 2001.  Mr. Evins has 35 years of experience in the  restaurant and retail
industries.

     Prior to his employment with the Company in January 1999, Mr. Woodhouse was
Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial  Officer ("CFO") of Cracker
Barrel since  December  1995.  Mr.  Woodhouse  served the Company as Senior Vice
President of Finance and CFO from January 1999 to July 1999,  as Executive  Vice
President and Chief  Operating  Officer ("COO") from August 1999 until July 2000
and then as  President  and COO from August 2000 until July 2001 when he assumed
his  current  positions.  Mr.  Woodhouse  has  20  years  of  experience  in the
restaurant industry and 12 years of experience in the retail industry.

     Prior to his employment  with the Company in September  1999, Mr. White was
Executive Vice President and Chief  Financial  Officer of Boston  Chicken,  Inc.
from 1998 to 1999,  where he was part of a new management team brought in for an
operational  and financial  turnaround.  Mr. White has 17 years of experience in
the restaurant industry and 5 years of experience in the retail industry.

     Mr.  Blackstock  served the Company as Vice President,  General Counsel and
Secretary from January 1999 to February 2000 when he was promoted to Senior Vice
President.  Prior to his  employment  with the  Company  in  January  1999,  Mr.
Blackstock was Vice  President,  General Counsel and Secretary of Cracker Barrel
from June 1997 until January 1999. Mr.  Blackstock has 11 years of experience in
the restaurant and retail industries.
<PAGE>

     Prior to his  employment  with the  Company in January  2002,  Mr. Hill was
Senior Vice  President of Human  Resources for Cracker Barrel from October 1996.
Mr. Hill has 25 years of  experience in the  restaurant  industry and 8 years of
experience in the retail industry.

     Prior to his  employment  with the Company in January 1999, Mr. Scruggs was
employed by Cracker Barrel since April 1989. Mr. Scruggs has served as Assistant
Treasurer  of Cracker  Barrel since  August  1993.  Mr.  Scruggs has 15 years of
experience in the restaurant and retail industries.

     Mr.  Turner  returned  to  Cracker  Barrel in  December  1999,  serving  as
Executive  Vice  President and Chief  Operations  Officer until his promotion to
President  and Chief  Operating  Officer in August 2001.  Prior to his return to
Cracker Barrel in November 1999, Mr. Turner was retired. Mr. Turner retired from
Cracker  Barrel as Senior Vice President and Chief  Operations  Officer in 1993,
prior to which he served in various  capacities  since 1976.  Mr.  Turner has 23
years of experience in the restaurant industry and 25 years of experience in the
retail industry.

     Mr. Taylor  started his career with Cracker  Barrel in 1978 as a Restaurant
Management  Trainee and has  regularly  been promoted to positions of increasing
responsibility  and authority,  becoming  Senior Vice President of Operations in
July of 2003. Prior to becoming Senior Vice President of Operations,  Mr. Taylor
was Senior Vice President of Restaurant  Operations  from August of 2002 to July
of 2003,  Divisional Vice President of Restaurant Operations from August of 2000
to July of 2002 and Vice President of Operations Administration from August 1999
to July 2000. Mr. Taylor has 26 years of experience in the restaurant and retail
industries.

     Prior to his  employment  with Cracker Barrel in July 2001, Mr. Gilbert was
employed  by  Shoney's   Inc.  as  its  Executive   Vice   President  and  Chief
Administrative  Officer  from  January  1999 to July  2001 and its  Senior  Vice
President of Real Estate from January 1998 to January 1999.  Mr.  Gilbert has 26
years of experience in the restaurant  industry and 3 years of experience in the
retail industry.

     Prior to his  employment  with Logan's in August  2003,  Mr. Vogel was with
Darden Restaurants Inc., since August 1991 serving in various capacities for its
Red  Lobster   concept,   including   Senior  Vice   President  of   Operations,
West/Southeast  Divisions from June 1999 to August 2003,  Vice President of Food
and Beverage from November 1997 to June 1999, and Concept  Development  Director
from March 1995 to November  1997.  Mr. Vogel has 18 years of  experience in the
restaurant industry.


<PAGE>


                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
         ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

     The Company's  Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market  (National
Market System) ("Nasdaq") under the symbol CBRL. There were 14,128  shareholders
of record as of September 24, 2004.

     The table  "Market  Price and Dividend  Information"  contained in the 2004
Annual Report is incorporated  herein by this reference.  Item 12 of this Annual
Report  on  Form  10-K is  incorporated  in this  Item  of this  Report  by this
reference.

     During the fourth  quarter of the year ended July 30, 2004, the Company did
not acquire any of its own equity securities.

     On May 28,  2004,  the Company  announced a 2,000,000  share  common  stock
repurchase  program with no expiration date. As of July 30, 2004 the Company had
open authorizations to repurchase 2,892,000 shares.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The table "Selected  Financial Data" contained in the 2004 Annual Report is
incorporated into this Item of this Report by this reference.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

     "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations," contained in the 2004 Annual Report, is incorporated into this Item
of this Report by this reference.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

     "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations," contained in the 2004 Annual Report, is incorporated into this Item
of this Report by this reference.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The Consolidated Financial Statements (and related footnotes) and Report of
Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm,  contained in the 2004 Annual
Report, are incorporated into this Item of this Report by this reference.

     See Quarterly  Financial Data  (Unaudited)  in Note 12 to the  Consolidated
Financial Statements.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     None.

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     The Company's management, with the participation of its principal executive
and  financial  officers,  including the Chief  Executive  Officer and the Chief
Financial  Officer,  evaluated the  effectiveness  of the  Company's  disclosure
controls and  procedures  (as defined in Rule  13a-15(e)  promulgated  under the
Exchange Act). Based upon this evaluation,  the Chief Executive  Officer and the
Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that as of July 30,  2004,  the  Company's
disclosure  controls and procedures were effective for the purposes set forth in
the definition thereof in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e).

     There have been no significant  changes (including  corrective actions with
regard to significant  deficiencies and material  weaknesses) during the quarter
<PAGE>

ended July 30, 2004 in the Company's internal controls over financial  reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that have  materially  affected,  or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal controls over
financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

      None.


<PAGE>




                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The  information  required by this Item with  respect to  directors  of the
Company is  incorporated  into this Item of this Report by this reference to the
section  entitled  "Proposal  1:  Election  of  Directors"  in  the  2004  Proxy
Statement.  The  information  required  by this Item with  respect to  executive
officers  of the  Company is set forth in Part I of this  Annual  Report on Form
10-K.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The  information  required by this Item is  incorporated  into this Item of
this Report by this reference to the sections  entitled  "Board of Directors and
Committees"  and  "Executive  Compensation"  in the 2004  Proxy  Statement.  The
matters  labeled  "Report of the  Compensation  and Stock Option  Committee" and
"Shareholder  Return  Performance Graph" are not, and shall not be deemed to be,
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The  information  required by this Item is  incorporated  into this Item of
this Report by this  reference  to the  sections  entitled  "Stock  Ownership of
Management  and  Certain  Beneficial  Owners"  and  "Equity   Compensation  Plan
Information" in the 2004 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The  information  required by this Item is  incorporated  into this Item of
this Report by this reference to the section entitled "Certain  Transactions" in
the 2004 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

     The  information  required by this Item is  incorporated  into this Item of
this Report by this  reference to the sections  entitled "Fees Paid to Auditors"
and  "What is the Audit  Committee's  pre-approval  policy  and  procedure  with
respect to audit and non-audit  services  provided by our auditors?" in the 2004
Proxy Statement.  The remainder of the section entitled "Audit Committee Report"
is not,  and  shall not be deemed to be,  incorporated  by  reference  into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.


<PAGE>



                                     PART IV

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

         (a) List of documents filed as part of this report:

             1.     The following Consolidated Financial Statements and
                    the Report of Independent Registered Public
                    Accounting Firm of Deloitte & Touche LLP of the 2004
                    Annual Report are included within Exhibit 13 to this
                    Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated into
                    this Item of this Report by this reference:

                    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
                    dated September 23, 2004

                    Consolidated Balance Sheet as of July 30, 2004 and
                    August 1, 2003

                    Consolidated Statement of Income for each of the
                    three fiscal years ended July 30, 2004, August 1, 2003
                    and August 2, 2002

                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders'
                    Equity for each of the three fiscal years ended
                    July 30, 2004, August 1, 2003 and August 2, 2002

                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for each of the
                    three fiscal years ended July 30, 2004, August 1, 2003
                    and August 2, 2002

                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

             2.     All schedules have been omitted since they are either
                    not required or not applicable, or the required
                    information is included in the consolidated financial
                    statements or notes thereto.

             3.     The exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits
                    are filed as part of this Report


<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                CBRL GROUP, INC.

                                     By:  /s/Michael A. Woodhouse
                                          -----------------------
                                          Michael A. Woodhouse
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

                                          September 28, 2004

     Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Name                                          Title                                    Date
----                                          -----                                    ----
<S>                              <C>                                             <C>
/s/Dan W. Evins
---------------
Dan W. Evins                     Chairman of the Board and Director              September 28, 2004

/s/Michael A. Woodhouse
-----------------------
Michael A. Woodhouse             President, Chief Executive Officer              September 28, 2004
                                 and Director

/s/Lawrence E. White
--------------------
Lawrence E. White                Senior Vice President, Finance                  September 28, 2004
                                 and Chief Financial Officer
                                (Principal Financial Officer)

/s/James F. Blackstock
----------------------
James F. Blackstock              Senior Vice President, General                  September 28, 2004
                                 Counsel and Secretary

/s/Patrick A. Scruggs
---------------------
Patrick A. Scruggs               Chief Accounting Officer                        September 28, 2004
                                 (Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/James D. Carreker
--------------------
James D. Carreker                Director                                        September 28, 2004

/s/Robert V. Dale
-----------------
Robert V. Dale                   Director                                        September 28, 2004

/s/Robert C. Hilton
-------------------
Robert C. Hilton                 Director                                        September 28, 2004

/s/Charles E. Jones, Jr.
------------------------
Charles E. Jones, Jr.            Director                                        September 28, 2004

/s/B.F. Lowery
--------------
B.F. Lowery                      Director                                        September 28, 2004

/s/Martha M. Mitchell
---------------------
Martha M. Mitchell               Director                                        September 28, 2004


----------------
Andrea M. Weiss                  Director                                        September 28, 2004

/s/Jimmie D. White
-------------------
Jimmie D. White                  Director                                        September 28, 2004

</TABLE>




<PAGE>




                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit

3(I), 4(a)        Charter (1)

3(II), 4(b)       Bylaws (1)

4(c)              Shareholder Rights Agreement dated 9/7/1999 (2)

4(d)              Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2002, among the Company, the
                  Guarantors (as defined therein) and Wachovia Bank, National
                  Association, as trustee, relating to the Company's zero-coupon
                  convertible senior notes (3)

4(e)              Form of Certificate for the Company's zero-coupon convertible
                  senior notes (included in the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4(e)
                  hereof) (3)

4(f)              Form of Guarantee of the Company's zero-coupon convertible
                  senior notes (included in the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4(e)
                  hereof) (3)

4(g),10(a)        Credit Agreement dated 2/21/2003, relating to the $300,000,000
                  Revolving Credit Facility (4)

10(b)             Lease dated 8/27/1981 for lease of Macon,  Georgia store
                  between Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. and
                  B. F. Lowery, a director of the Company (5)

10(c)             The Company's 1987 Stock Option Plan, as amended (6)

10(d)             The Company's Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan, as
                  amended (7)

10(e)             The Company's 2000 Non-Executive Stock Option Plan (8)

10(f)             The Company's 1989 Non-Employee Director's Stock Option Plan,
                  as amended (9)

10(g)             The Company's Non-Qualified Savings Plan, effective 1/1/1996,
                  as amended (6)

10(h)             The Company's Deferred Compensation Plan, effective 1/1/1994
                  (5)

10(i)             The Company's 2002 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (10)

10(j)             Executive Employment Agreement executed January 15, 2002
                  between Dan W. Evins and the Company (3)

10(k)             Executive Employment Agreement executed July 25, 2002 between
                  Michael A. Woodhouse and the Company (8)

10(l)             Change-in-control Agreement for Dan W. Evins dated 10/8/1999
                  (7)

10(m)             Change-in-control Agreement for Michael A. Woodhouse dated
                  10/8/1999 (7)

10(n)             Change-in-control Agreement for Lawrence E. White dated
                  10/8/1999 (7)

10(o)             Change-in-control Agreement for James F. Blackstock dated
                  10/8/1999 (7)

10(p)             Change-in-control Agreement for Norman J. Hill dated
                  10/13/1999 (8)

10(q)             Change-in-control Agreement for Donald M. Turner dated
                  12/6/1999 (11)

10(r)             Change-in-control Agreement for David L. Gilbert dated
                  10/3/2001 (8)
<PAGE>

10(s)             Change-in-control Agreement for George T. Vogel dated
                  October 3, 2003 (10)

10(t)             Change-in-control Agreement for Patrick A. Scruggs dated
                  October 13, 1999 (10)

10(u)             Master Lease dated July 31, 2000 between Country Stores
                  Property I, LLC ("Lessor") and Cracker Barrel Old Country
                  Store, Inc. ("Lessee") for lease of 21 Cracker Barrel Old
                  Country Store(R) sites (12)

10(v)             Master Lease dated July 31, 2000 between Country Stores
                  Property I, LLC ("Lessor") and Cracker Barrel Old
                  Country  Store, Inc. ("Lessee") for lease of 9 Cracker Barrel
                  Old Country Store(R) sites*

10(w)             Master Lease dated July 31, 2000 between Country Stores
                  Property II, LLC ("Lessor") and Cracker Barrel Old
                  Country Store, Inc. ("Lessee") for lease of 23 Cracker Barrel
                  Old Country Store(R) sites*

10(x)             Master Lease dated July 31, 2000 between Country Stores
                  Property III, LLC  ("Lessor") and Cracker Barrel
                  Old Country Store, Inc. ("Lessee") for lease of 12 Cracker
                  Barrel Old Country Store(R) sites*

10(y)             CBRL Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan Cover Letter (3)

10(z)             CBRL Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (3)

10(aa)            CBRL Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Summary Plan Description
                  (3)

13                Pertinent  portions of the Company's 2004 Annual Report to
                  Shareholders  that are  incorporated  into this
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K.

21                Subsidiaries of the Registrant

23                Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

31                Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications

32                Section 1350 Certifications

*Document not filed because essentially identical in terms and conditions to
Exhibit 10(u).

(1)      Incorporated  by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on
         Form S-4/A under the Securities Act of 1933 (File No. 333-62469).

(2)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Forms 8-K and 8-A under the
         Securities Exchange Act of 1934, filed September 21, 1999 (File No.
         000-25225).

(3)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
         10-Q under the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 for the quarterly
         period ended May 3, 2002 (File No. 000-25225).

(4)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form
         10-Q under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the quarterly period
         ended January 31, 2003 (File No. 000-25225).

(5)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on
         Form S-7 under the Securities Act of 1933 (File No. 2-74266).

(6)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on
         Form S-8 under the  Securities  Act of 1933 (File No. 33-45482).

(7)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended
         July 30, 1999 (File No. 000-25225).
<PAGE>

(8)      Incorporated  by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended
         August 2, 2002 (File No. 000-25225).

(9)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended
         August 2, 1991 (File No. 0-7536).

(10)     Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended
         August 1, 2003 (File No. 000-25225).

(11)     Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended
         August 3, 2001 (File No. 000-25225).

(12)     Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended
         July 28, 2000 (File No. 000-25225).

<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
