<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cbrlgroup10k092205.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

       FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

              (Mark One)
              [x] Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                     For the fiscal year ended July 29, 2005

                                       OR

[ ] Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934

                  For the transition period from to __________

                             Commission file number
                                    000-25225
                              ---------------------

                                CBRL GROUP, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         Tennessee                                             62-1749513
(State or other jurisdiction of                             (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                            Identification Number)

305 Hartmann Drive, P.O. Box 787                               37088-0787
Lebanon, Tennessee                                             (Zip code)
(Address of principal executive offices)


       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (615) 443-9869
                             ----------------------

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                  Common Stock
                                (Par Value $.01)

                          Common Stock Purchase Rights
                                 (No Par Value)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports)  and  (2)  has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
                                   Yes X No
                                      --   --

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. __

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2) Yes X No
                                       --   --

Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   No X
                                    --   --

The  aggregate  market  value  of  voting  stock  held by  nonaffiliates  of the
registrant,  by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the  average  bid and  asked  price  of such  common  equity,  as of the last
business day of the registrant's  most recently  completed second fiscal quarter
which  ended  January  29,  2005,  was  $1,915,969,523.  For  purposes  of  this
computation, all directors,  executive officers and 10% beneficial owners of the
registrant  are assumed to be  affiliates.  This  assumption is not a conclusive
determination for purposes other than this calculation.

As of  September  16,  2005,  there  were  46,668,926  shares  of  common  stock
outstanding.

<PAGE>



                       Documents Incorporated by Reference
                       -----------------------------------

Document from which Portions                               Part of Form 10-K
are Incorporated by Reference                           into which incorporated
-----------------------------                           -----------------------

1. Annual Report to Shareholders                         Part II
   for the fiscal year ended
   July 29, 2005 (the "2005 Annual Report")

2. Proxy Statement for Annual                            Part III
   Meeting of Shareholders
   to be held November 22, 2005
   (the "2005 Proxy Statement")









                                       2
<PAGE>


                                     PART I
                                                                         PAGE
                                                                         ----

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS                                                          4
ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES                                                       13
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                                15
ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS              15


                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
         STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES    18
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA                                          18
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
         AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                        18
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       18
ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA                      19
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
         ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE                              19
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES                                          19
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION                                                19

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT               21
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                           21
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
         AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS                   21
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS                   21
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES                           21

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES                          22

SIGNATURES                                                                23



                                       3
<PAGE>

     Except for specific historical  information,  the matters discussed in this
Form 10-K,  as well as the 2005  Annual  Report that is  incorporated  herein by
reference, are forward-looking  statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
other factors which may cause actual results and performance of CBRL Group, Inc.
(the  "Company") to differ  materially  from those expressed or implied by those
statements.  All forward-looking  information is provided pursuant to the safe
harbor  established under the Private  Securities  Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and  should  be  evaluated  in the  context  of these  factors.  Forward-looking
statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as "assumptions,"  "target," "guidance,"  "outlook," "plans," "projection,"
"may," "will," "would," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe,"
"potential" or "continue" (or the negative or other derivatives of each of these
terms) or similar  terminology.  Factors  which could  materially  affect actual
results  include,  but are not  limited to: the  effects of  uncertain  consumer
confidence,  higher costs for energy,  mortgage or other consumer debt payments,
or  general  or  regional  economic  weakness  on  sales  and  customer  travel,
discretionary  income or  personal  expenditure  activity;  the  ability  of the
Company  to  identify,   acquire  and  sell   successful  new  lines  of  retail
merchandise;  competitive marketing and operational initiatives;  the ability of
the Company to sustain or the effects of plans  intended to improve  operational
execution and  performance;  the effects of plans intended to promote or protect
the  Company's  brands and  products;  the effects of increased  competition  at
Company  locations on sales and on labor  recruiting,  cost, and retention;  the
availability  and cost of  acceptable  sites for  development  and the Company's
ability to identify  such sites;  the ability of the Company to open and operate
new locations  successfully;  changes in foreign  exchange  rates  affecting the
Company's future retail inventory purchases;  commodity,  workers' compensation,
group  health and  utility  price  changes;  changes in building  materials  and
construction  costs;  consumer behavior based on negative  publicity or concerns
over nutritional or safety aspects of the Company's  products or restaurant food
in  general;   changes  in  or  implementation  of  additional  governmental  or
regulatory rules,  regulations and interpretations  affecting  accounting,  tax,
wage  and  hour  matters,  health  and  safety,  pensions,  insurance  or  other
undeterminable  areas;  practical or psychological  effects of terrorist acts or
war and military or government responses; the ability of and cost to the Company
to recruit, train, and retain qualified hourly and management employees; changes
in interest rates affecting the Company's  financing  costs;  disruptions to the
company's  restaurant  or retail supply  chain;  the actual  results of pending,
future or threatened litigation or governmental investigations and the costs and
effects of negative publicity  associated with these activities;  implementation
of new or changes in interpretation of existing accounting  principles generally
accepted in the United  States of America  ("GAAP");  effectiveness  of internal
controls over financial  reporting;  changes in capital market  conditions  that
could affect  valuations  of  restaurant  companies in general or the  Company's
goodwill in  particular;  and other factors  described  from time to time in the
Company's  filings with the Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC"),  press
releases, and other communications. References to years (e.g. "2005") are to the
Company's fiscal year unless otherwise specified.

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

OVERVIEW
     CBRL  Group,  Inc.  (the  "Company")  is a holding  company  that,  through
subsidiaries,  is engaged in the operation and development of the Cracker Barrel
Old Country  Store(R) and Logan's  Roadhouse(R)  restaurant and retail concepts.
The Company was  organized  under the laws of the state of  Tennessee  in August
1998 and maintains an Internet website at cbrlgroup.com.  We make available free
of charge on or through our  Internet  website our  periodic  and other  reports
filed or  furnished  pursuant to Section  13(a) or 15(d) of the  Securities  and
Exchange  Act of 1934 (the  "Exchange  Act") as soon as  reasonably  practicable
after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.

CONCEPTS

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store
--------------------------------

     Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. ("Cracker Barrel"), headquartered in
Lebanon,  Tennessee,  through its various affiliates,  as of September 23, 2005,
operated 534  full-service  "country  store"  restaurants  and gift shops, in 41
states.  Cracker  Barrel  stores are intended to appeal to both the traveler and
the local customer and consistently have been a consumer favorite.  During 2005,
for the 15th consecutive year,  Cracker Barrel was named the "Best Family Dining
Restaurant" in the Restaurants & Institutions magazine "Choice in Chains" annual
consumer survey. For the 12th consecutive year, Cracker Barrel was ranked as the
"Best Restaurant  Chain" by Destinations  magazine poll. For the 4th consecutive
year,  Cracker  Barrel was named "The Most RV Friendly  Sit-Down  Restaurant  in

                                       4
<PAGE>

America" by The Good Sam Club. In the 2004 J. D. Power and Associates' inaugural
study of customer satisfaction in the restaurant industry, Cracker Barrel scored
the highest among family dining chains in overall  customer  satisfaction in its
core market regions and the second highest in those regions among all family and
casual  dining  chains.

     Except for Christmas day, when they are closed, and Christmas Eve when they
close at 2:00 p.m., Cracker Barrel restaurants serve breakfast, lunch and dinner
daily  between the hours of 6:00 a.m.  and 10:00 p.m.  (closing at 11:00 p.m. on
Fridays and  Saturdays)  and feature  home style  country  cooking  from Cracker
Barrel's own recipes using quality  ingredients  and  emphasizing  authenticity.
Menu items are moderately priced and include country ham,  chicken,  fish, roast
beef, beans,  turnip greens,  vegetable plates,  salads,  sandwiches,  pancakes,
eggs,  bacon,  sausage and grits among other items. The restaurants do not serve
alcoholic  beverages.  The stores are constructed in a trademarked  rustic,  old
country  store  design with a separate  retail area  offering a wide  variety of
decorative and functional items featuring  rocking chairs,  holiday and seasonal
gifts and toys,  apparel,  cookware and foods,  including  various old fashioned
candies and jellies among other things.  Cracker Barrel offers items for sale in
the retail store that are also featured on, or related to, the restaurant  menu,
such as pies or  cornbread  and  pancake  mixes.  A  typical  store  will  offer
approximately  3,000  stock-keeping  units (SKU's) for sale at any one time. The
Company  believes that Cracker Barrel achieves high retail sales per square foot
(over $450 per square foot of retail  selling space  annually)  both by offering
interesting  merchandise and by having a significant  source of retail customers
from its high volume of restaurant customers,  an average of over 8,000 per week
in an average store.

     Stores are located  primarily along  interstate  highways;  however,  as of
September  23, 2005, 67 stores are located near  "tourist  destinations"  or are
considered  "off-interstate" stores. In 2006, Cracker Barrel intends to open all
of its new stores along interstate  highways as compared to approximately 88% in
2005.  The  Company  believes  it  should  focus  primarily  in the near term on
available interstate locations where Cracker Barrel generates the greatest brand
awareness.  Off-interstate locations are expected to represent a meaningful part
of Cracker Barrel's efforts to expand the brand in future years. The Company has
identified  over  500  trade  areas  for  potential   future   development  with
characteristics that appear to be consistent with those believed to be necessary
to support a successful Cracker Barrel unit.

Logan's Roadhouse
-----------------

     Logan's Roadhouse, Inc. ("Logan's"), headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee,
as of  September  23,  2005,  operated  127  Logan's  restaurants  in 16 states.
Independent  franchisees  operated an additional 23 Logan's  restaurants in four
states,  including  three states where there  presently are no  Company-operated
Logan's restaurants.  The Logan's concept is designed to appeal to a broad range
of customers by offering  generous portions of  moderately-priced,  high quality
food  in  a  very  casual,   relaxed  dining  environment  that  is  lively  and
entertaining.  Logan's  restaurants  feature steaks,  seafood,  ribs and chicken
dishes among other items served in a distinctive  atmosphere  reminiscent  of an
American  roadhouse of the 1930s and 1940s. In addition to local awards received
in  communities  in which  Logan's  restaurants  operate,  in May 2005,  Logan's
received the Nation's  Restaurant News Menu Masters Award for "Best Menu Revamp"
for its successful  introduction  of new and improved  appetizers and other menu
items including several new seafood items.

     Logan's restaurants are open seven days a week, except for Thanksgiving and
Christmas Days.  Logan's serves lunch and dinner between the hours of 11:00 a.m.
and 10:00 p.m.  (closing at 11:00 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays) and offers full
bar service. The Logan's menu is designed to appeal to a wide variety of tastes,
and  emphasizes  extra-aged,   hand-cut  on-premises,  USDA  choice  steaks  and
signature dishes such as baked sweet potatoes and made-from-scratch yeast rolls.
The fun  atmosphere is enhanced by display  cooking of grilled items and buckets
of  complimentary  roasted  in-shell  peanuts on every  table,  which guests are
encouraged  to enjoy and let the shells fall on the floor.  Alcoholic  beverages
represented slightly less than 9% of Logan's net sales in 2005.

OPERATIONS

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store
--------------------------------

     Store Format: The format of Cracker Barrel stores consists of a trademarked
rustic, old country-store style building. All stores are freestanding buildings.
Store interiors are subdivided  into a dining room  consisting of  approximately
26% of  the  total  interior  store  space,  and a  retail  shop  consisting  of
approximately  21% of such  space,  with the  balance  primarily  consisting  of
kitchen,  storage and training areas.  All stores have stone  fireplaces,  which
burn wood except  where not  permitted.  All are  decorated  with  antique-style
furnishings and other authentic and nostalgic items,  reminiscent of and similar
to those found and sold in the past in traditional old country stores. The front
porch of each store features rows of the signature Cracker Barrel rocking chairs
that can be used by guests  waiting for a table and are sold by the retail shop.

                                       5
<PAGE>

The kitchens contain modern food preparation and storage equipment  allowing for
flexibility in menu variety and development.

     Products:   Cracker  Barrel's   restaurant   operations,   which  generated
approximately  77% of Cracker  Barrel's total revenue in 2005,  offer home-style
country  cooking   featuring   Cracker   Barrel's  own  recipes  that  emphasize
authenticity and quality. The restaurants offer breakfast, lunch and dinner from
a moderately priced menu.  Breakfast items can be ordered at any time throughout
the day and include juices, eggs, pancakes,  bacon, country ham, sausage, grits,
and a variety of biscuit specialties, such as gravy and biscuits and country ham
and  biscuits.  Prices for a breakfast  meal range from $2.29 to $8.49,  and the
breakfast  day-part  (until  11:00  a.m.)  accounted  for  approximately  22% of
restaurant sales in 2005.

     Lunch (11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.) and dinner  (4:00 p.m. to close)  day-parts
reflected approximately 36% and 42% of restaurant sales, respectively,  in 2005.
Lunch and dinner items include country ham, chicken and dumplings, chicken fried
chicken,  meatloaf,  country fried steak, pork chops,  fish, steak,  roast beef,
vegetable plates,  salads,  sandwiches,  soups and specialty items such as pinto
beans and turnip greens. The Company periodically features new items as off-menu
specials to enhance customer interest and identify potential future additions to
the menu.  Lunches  and  dinners  range in price from $3.49 to $12.99.  In 2004,
Cracker Barrel introduced a new menu featuring  several new products,  including
daily dinner  features that showcase a popular dinner entree for each day of the
week and a  low-carbohydrate  section  on both its  breakfast  and  lunch/dinner
menus.  During  2005,  Cracker  Barrel  began  offering  seasonal  menus for the
holidays,  winter,  spring, summer and fall in addition to the regular menu. The
seasonal menus each offer new and  interesting  menu items intended to appeal to
guests  during each season of the year.  Some of the items that were featured on
seasonal menus in 2005 were Pepper Mill Sirloin Grill,  Hashbrown  Chicken Bake,
Pecan Crusted  Grilled  Trout,  Grilled Reuben  Sandwich  Platter and Strawberry
Pecan  Chicken  Salad.  The  average  check per guest for fiscal 2005 was $7.99.
Various menu price increases were instituted during 2005, averaging 2.9% for the
year.

     The  retail  operations,  which  generated  approximately  23%  of  Cracker
Barrel's  total  revenue  in  2005,  offer  a wide  variety  of  decorative  and
functional items such as rocking chairs,  seasonal gifts,  toys,  apparel,  cast
iron  cookware,   old-fashioned-looking  ceramics,  figurines,  a  book-on-audio
sale-and-exchange  program  and  various  other gift  items,  as well as various
candies,  preserves,  syrups and other food items.  The typical  Cracker  Barrel
retail shop features  approximately 3,000 SKU's. Many of the food items are sold
under the "Cracker  Barrel Old Country Store" brand name.  Cracker Barrel offers
items for sale in the retail store that also are featured on, or related to, the
restaurant  menu, such as cornbread and pancake mixes. The Company believes that
Cracker Barrel  achieves high retail sales per square foot (over $450 per square
foot of retail selling space  annually) both by offering  appealing  merchandise
and by having a significant  source of retail  customers from the high volume of
restaurant customers - an average of over 8,000 per week in a typical store. The
substantial  majority  of  sales  in the  retail  area  are  estimated  to be to
customers who also are guests in the restaurant.

     Product  Development and Merchandising:  Cracker Barrel maintains a product
development  department,  which develops new and improved menu items in response
either  to shifts  in  customer  preferences  or to  create  customer  interest.
Coordinated seasonal promotions are used regularly in the restaurants and retail
shops.  The  Cracker  Barrel   merchandising   department   attempts  to  select
merchandise  for the retail  shop that  reinforces  the  nostalgic  theme of the
restaurant.  In 2005,  Cracker Barrel  partnered  with  Grammy(R)  Award-winners
Alison  Krauss and Union  Station to produce an exclusive CD titled "Home on the
Highways"  featuring favorite songs selected by Ms. Krauss and her band. Cracker
Barrel also sponsored the Alison Krauss and Union Station Tour "2005 Lonely Runs
Both Ways." In 2005,  Cracker  Barrel  announced  additional  music  compilation
partnerships with Charlie Daniels, scheduled to begin sales in October 2005, and
Sara  Evans,  scheduled  to begin  sales in February  2006.  These  partnerships
complement  Cracker  Barrel's  existing  proprietary  line of first  editions of
"American Music Legends" series of CD's featuring music stars from Elvis Presley
to Patsy Cline and other music celebrities.  Cracker Barrel also offers for sale
in its retail  shops its  proprietary  line of  "Heritage  Music" CDs  featuring
various styles of traditional American music from bluegrass, to blues, to Cajun,
to gospel and other styles. In 2005, Cracker Barrel entered into an agreement to
sponsor the Grand Ole  Opry(TM),  the showcase of country music and, with nearly
80 years on the air, America's longest running radio program

     Store  Management and Quality  Controls:  Cracker Barrel store  management,
typically  consisting of one general  manager,  four associate  managers and one
retail  manager,  are  responsible  for an average of 100-120  employees  on two
shifts. The relative  complexity of operating a Cracker Barrel store requires an
effective  management  team at the  individual  store level.  As a motivation to
store  managers to improve sales and  operational  performance,  Cracker  Barrel
maintains a bonus plan designed to provide store  management with an opportunity
to share in the profits of their store. The bonus plan also rewards managers who

                                       6
<PAGE>

achieve  specific  operational  targets.  To assure that  individual  stores are
operated at a high level of quality, Cracker Barrel emphasizes the selection and
training  of store  managers.  It also  employs  district  managers  to  support
individual  store  managers and regional vice  presidents to support  individual
district managers.  A district manager's individual span of control typically is
seven to eight  individual  restaurants,  and regional vice  presidents  support
seven to nine district managers. Each store is assigned to both a restaurant and
a retail district manager and each district is assigned to both a restaurant and
a retail  regional vice  president.  The various levels of restaurant and retail
management work closely together.

     The  store  management  recruiting  and  training  program  begins  with an
evaluation  and  screening  process.  In  addition to  multiple  interviews  and
background and experience verification, Cracker Barrel conducts testing designed
to identify  those  applicants  most  likely to be best  suited to manage  store
operations.  Those candidates who successfully  pass this screening  process are
then required to complete an 11-week training program  consisting of seven weeks
of in-store  training and four weeks of training at Cracker  Barrel's  corporate
facilities.  This program allows new managers the opportunity to become familiar
with Cracker Barrel operations,  culture,  management  objectives,  controls and
evaluation  criteria before assuming management  responsibility.  Cracker Barrel
provides its managers and hourly  employees  with ongoing  training  through its
various   development  courses  taught  through  a  blended  learning  approach,
including hands-on,  classroom,  written and Internet-based training. Each store
is equipped with training  computers  for the  Internet-based  computer-assisted
instruction  programs.  Additionally,  each  store  typically  has  an  employee
training coordinator who oversees training of the store's hourly employees.

     Purchasing and Distribution:  Cracker Barrel negotiates  directly with food
vendors  as to  specification,  price  and  other  material  terms of most  food
purchases.  When  practical,  Cracker  Barrel  coordinates  with the  purchasing
department  at  Logan's  to  seek  possible   volume   purchases  from  combined
activities.  Cracker  Barrel  is a party  to a  prime  vendor  contract  with an
unaffiliated distributor with custom distribution centers in Lebanon, Tennessee;
McKinney,  Texas;  Gainesville,  Florida;  Elkton, Maryland; and Ft. Mill, South
Carolina.  This vendor's contract currently runs through 2007 with minimal price
increases each year in 2006 and 2007.  The contract  requires the Company to pay
for market fuel prices that exceed certain  designated prices. The contract will
remain in effect  until  both  parties  mutually  modify it in  writing or until
terminated by either  Cracker  Barrel or the  distributor  upon 180 days written
notice to the other party.  Cracker  Barrel  purchases  the majority of its food
products and restaurant  supplies on a cost-plus basis through this unaffiliated
distributor.  The  distributor  is  responsible  for  placing  food  orders  and
warehousing and delivering food products to Cracker Barrel's stores.  Deliveries
generally are made once per week to the individual  stores.  Certain  perishable
food items are purchased locally by Cracker Barrel stores.

     Four food  categories  (beef,  dairy  (including  eggs),  pork and poultry)
account for the largest shares of Cracker  Barrel's food  purchasing  expense at
approximately  14%,  14%,  12% and 10%,  respectively,  but each  category  does
include several  individual items. The single food item within these categories,
accounting for the largest share of Cracker  Barrel's food  purchasing  expense,
was chicken  tenderloin at approximately  6% of food purchases in 2005.  Cracker
Barrel purchases its beef through six vendors,  pork through eight vendors,  and
poultry through eight vendors.  Cracker Barrel purchases its chicken  tenderloin
through two  vendors.  Dairy and eggs are  purchased  through  numerous  vendors
including  local  vendors.  Should  any food items  from  these  vendors  become
unavailable,  management  believes  that these food items  could be  obtained in
sufficient quantities from other sources at competitive prices.

     The  majority of retail  items  (approximately  72% in 2005) are  centrally
purchased directly by Cracker Barrel from domestic and international vendors and
warehoused at the Company's owned Lebanon  distribution center. The distribution
center is a 367,200 square foot warehouse facility with 36 foot ceilings and 170
bays,  and includes an additional  13,800 square feet of office and  maintenance
space. The distribution  center fulfills retail item orders generated by Cracker
Barrel's  automated  replenishment  system and generally ships the retail orders
once a week to the individual  stores by a third-party  dedicated  freight line.
The contract  with this freight line requires the Company to pay for market fuel
prices  that  exceed  certain  designated  prices.  Certain  retail  items,  not
centrally purchased and warehoused at the distribution  center, are drop-shipped
directly from Cracker  Barrel's vendors to its stores.  Approximately  28-30% of
Cracker  Barrel's  retail  purchases in 2005 were  directly  from vendors in the
People's  Republic  of  China.  During  2005,  Cracker  Barrel  entered  into  a
relationship  with a foreign  buying  agency to source  product  and  supplement
product development.

     Cost and Inventory Controls:  Cracker Barrel's computer systems and various
analytical  tools are used to evaluate store  operating  information and provide
management with reports to support detection of unusual variances in food costs,
labor costs or operating  expenses.  Management also monitors  individual  store
restaurant  and retail  sales on a daily basis and closely  monitors  sales mix,
sales trends,  operational costs and inventory levels. The information generated

                                       7
<PAGE>

by the computer  systems,  analysis tools and  monitoring  processes are used to
manage the operations of each store,  replenish  retail  inventory levels and to
facilitate  retail  purchasing  decisions.  These systems and processes also are
used in the development of forecasts, budget analyses, and planning.

     Guest  Satisfaction:  Cracker Barrel is committed to providing its guests a
home-style,  country-cooked meal, and a variety of retail merchandise served and
sold with genuine hospitality in a comfortable environment, in a way that evokes
memories of the past.  Cracker Barrel's  commitment to offering guests a quality
experience begins with its employees. Its mission statement,  "Pleasing People,"
embraces guests and employees alike, and the Company's  employees are trained on
the  importance of that mission in a culture of mutual  respect.  Cracker Barrel
also is committed to staffing each store with an experienced  management team to
ensure attentive guest service and consistent food quality.  Through the regular
use of guest surveys and store visits by its district managers and regional vice
presidents,  management receives valuable feedback, which it uses in its ongoing
efforts to improve the stores and to  demonstrate  Cracker  Barrel's  continuing
commitment to pleasing its guests.  Cracker Barrel also has for many years had a
guest-relations  call center that takes comments and suggestions from guests and
forwards them to operations or other  management for  information and follow up.
Cracker Barrel has public notices in its menus, on its website and posted in its
restaurants  informing  customers  and  employees  about how to contact  Cracker
Barrel by Internet or toll-free  telephone number with questions,  complaints or
concerns regarding services or products. Cracker Barrel conducts training in how
to gather  information and investigate and resolve  customer  concerns.  This is
accompanied  by  comprehensive  training  for all  store  employees  on  Cracker
Barrel's public  accommodations  policy and its commitment to "pleasing people."
In 2005, the Company  implemented an anonymous,  unannounced,  third-party store
testing program,  to ensure compliance with its guest satisfaction  policies and
commitments.   In  2006,   Cracker  Barrel  expects  to  introduce  an  improved
interactive voice response ("IVR") system to monitor operational performance and
guest satisfaction at all stores on an ongoing basis. Cracker Barrel has used an
IVR system in the past to monitor  the  performance  of new  restaurants  and to
provide insight into the performance of under-performing stores.

     Marketing:  Outdoor  advertising (i.e.,  billboards and state department of
transportation  signs)  is the  primary  advertising  medium  utilized  to reach
consumers in the primary  trade area for each  Cracker  Barrel store and also to
reach  interstate  travelers and  tourists.  Outdoor  advertising  accounted for
approximately 60% of advertising  expenditures in 2005, with approximately 1,700
billboards  at year-end,  of which 135 were provided  without  charge to Cracker
Barrel for a limited  period of time by their owners to celebrate  the Company's
35th  anniversary.  In recent years Cracker  Barrel has utilized  other types of
media,  such as radio  and  print,  in its core  markets  to  maintain  customer
awareness,  and outside of its core markets to increase  name  awareness  and to
build brand  loyalty.  Cracker  Barrel defines its core markets based on average
weekly sales, geographic location, longevity in the market and name awareness in
each market.  Cracker Barrel plans to maintain its overall advertising  spending
at approximately  2% of Cracker  Barrel's  revenues in 2006, as it generally has
since 2000. Outdoor  advertising should continue to represent  approximately 60%
of  advertising  expenditures  in 2006.  New store  locations  generally are not
advertised in the media until several weeks after they have been opened in order
to give the staff time to adjust to local customer habits and traffic volume.

Logan's Roadhouse
-----------------

     Store Format:  Logan's restaurants  generally are constructed of rough-hewn
cedar siding in combination with bands of corrugated metal outlined in red neon.
Interiors  are decorated  with murals and other  artifacts  depicting  scenes or
billboard  advertisements  reminiscent  of American  roadhouses of the 1930s and
1940s,  with  concrete  and wooden  planked  floors and neon signs.  The lively,
upbeat,  friendly,  relaxed  atmosphere  seeks to appeal to  families,  couples,
single adults and business people.  The restaurants  feature display cooking and
an old-fashioned  meat counter  displaying ribs and hand-cut USDA choice steaks,
and also include a spacious, comfortable bar area. While dining or waiting for a
table, guests may eat complimentary roasted in-shell peanuts and toss the shells
on the floor.  In the waiting area they also may watch as cooks  prepare  steaks
and other entrees on gas-fired  mesquite grills.  During 2006,  Logan's plans to
begin installation of complimentary  jukeboxes in the waiting or bar area of all
its  restaurants to allow guests to select some of their favorite  music.  These
features  are  intended  to  emphasize  a  welcoming,   lively,   roadhouse-type
environment  in  order  to  enhance  the  differentiation  of the  concept  with
consumers.  Logan's  has  developed,  designed  and  opened  one  new  prototype
restaurant that it is testing and expects to open regularly, beginning in 2007.

     Products: Beginning in 2004, Logan's began revamping its menu and expanding
its  offerings  of  appetizers  and entrees to broaden the appeal of the Logan's
concept,  while still offering affordable  high-quality steaks. In 2005, Logan's
introduced specialty appetizers,  including Smokin' Hot Grilled Wings, Lightnin'
Hot Shrimp Bucket, and San Antonio Chicken Wraps and new "craveable" entrees and
salads  including  Santa Fe Tilapia,  Southern Fried Catfish,  Filet and Grilled
Shrimp  Combos and Logan's  Kickin'  Chickin'  Salad.  The  Logan's  dinner menu
features an assortment of specially seasoned USDA choice steaks, extra-aged, and

                                       8
<PAGE>

cut by hand on premises.  Guests also may choose from slow-cooked baby back
ribs,  mesquite-grilled  chicken, seafood items and an assortment of hamburgers,
salads and sandwiches.  All dinner entrees include made-from-scratch yeast rolls
and a choice of two side items  which  include  dinner  salad,  brown  sugar and
cinnamon sweet potato, baked potato, mashed potatoes, grilled vegetables,  fries
or other side items at no additional  cost.  Logan's express lunch menu provides
specially  priced  items to be served in less than 15 minutes.  All lunch salads
are served with  made-from-scratch  yeast rolls,  and all lunch  sandwiches  are
served with  home-style  potato chips. In 2005,  lunch and dinner  accounted for
approximately  35% and 65% of Logan's  sales,  respectively.  Prices  range from
$4.99 to $8.99 for lunch items and from $5.69 to $19.99 for dinner entrees.  The
average check per customer for 2005 was $12.32,  including alcoholic  beverages.
Slightly  less  than 9% of  Logan's  net  sales  in  2005  were  from  alcoholic
beverages.  In most of its  restaurants  Logan's offers a happy hour intended to
increase  responsible  alcohol  sales.  The happy  hour  emphasizes  responsible
alcohol  service  through  training and  operational  standards.  Various  price
increases were instituted during 2005 and averaged 3.2% for the year.

     Product Development: Logan's employs a full-time Vice President of Menu and
Culinary  Innovation  who is  dedicated to enhancing  and  developing  the brand
through  improved and  appealing  product  offerings.  Logan's tests various new
products  in an effort to select  items with high guest  appeal in  response  to
changing customer tastes. In order to maximize  operating  efficiencies and cost
effectively  provide  fresh  ingredients  for  its  food  products,   purchasing
decisions are made by Logan's  corporate  management.  Management  believes that
Logan's has adequate flexibility to meet future shifts in consumer preference on
a timely basis.

     Restaurant  Management and Quality Controls:  Logan's restaurant management
typically  consists of a general  manager,  one kitchen  manager and two to four
assistant  managers who are responsible for  approximately 80 hourly  employees.
Each restaurant management team typically is comprised of one to two persons who
were promoted into management positions from non-management  positions and three
to four managers with previous management experience.  Each restaurant employs a
skilled  meat-cutter to cut steaks from USDA choice beef. The general manager of
each restaurant is responsible for the day-to-day  operations of the restaurant,
including  maintaining high standards of quality and performance  established by
Logan's corporate  management.  The complexity of operating a Logan's restaurant
requires an effective  management team at the individual  restaurant level. As a
motivation  to  restaurant   managers  to  increase   revenues  and  operational
performance, Logan's maintains an incentive bonus plan that rewards managers for
achieving  sales and profit targets as well as key operating  cost measures.  To
assure that  individual  restaurants  are operated at high standards of quality,
Logan's has regional managers to support  individual  restaurant  managers along
with one director and two regional  vice  presidents  of  operations  to support
individual  regional managers.  Each regional manager typically supports five to
six individual  restaurants.  The director of operations  supports four regional
managers and the regional vice  presidents  of  operations  support ten regional
managers  each.  Through  regular visits to the  restaurants,  the regional vice
presidents,  the director of operations,  the regional managers and other senior
management  ensure that the Logan's  concept,  strategy and standards of quality
are being adhered to.

     Logan's requires that its restaurant  managers have significant  experience
in the  full-service  restaurant  industry.  All new  managers  are  required to
complete up to eight weeks of training at a Logan's  restaurant  and one week of
classroom training conducted at the Logan's training facility in Nashville.  The
course  emphasizes  the Logan's  operating  strategy,  procedures and standards.
Logan's also has a specialized training program required for managers and hourly
service employees on responsible alcohol service.

     Purchasing and  Distribution:  Logan's  strives to obtain  consistent  high
quality  ingredients  at  competitive  prices  from  reliable  sources.  Logan's
negotiates  directly  with food  vendors as to  specifications,  price and other
material terms of most food purchases. When practical,  Logan's coordinates with
the purchasing  department at Cracker Barrel to seek possible  volume  purchases
from combined  activities.  Logan's  purchases the majority of its food products
and  restaurant  supplies on a  cost-plus  basis  through the same  unaffiliated
distributor  that is used by Cracker Barrel.  The distributor is responsible for
placing food orders and  warehousing  and  delivering  food products for Logan's
restaurants.  Certain  perishable  food  items  are  purchased  locally  by  the
restaurants.

     The single food item accounting for the largest share  (approximately  36%)
of Logan's food cost is beef.  Steaks are hand-cut on the premises,  in contrast
to many in the restaurant industry that purchase  pre-portioned steaks.  Logan's
presently purchases its beef through one supply contract.  Should any beef items
from this supplier become unavailable for any reason,  management  believes that
such items could be  obtained in  sufficient  quantities  from other  sources at
competitive prices.

                                       9
<PAGE>

     Cost and Inventory  Controls:  Management  closely monitors sales,  product
costs and labor at each of its  restaurants.  Daily sales and weekly  restaurant
operating  results are analyzed by management to detect trends at each location,
and negative trends are addressed  promptly.  Financial  controls are maintained
through  management of an accounting and information  management  system that is
implemented  at  the  restaurant  level.  Administrative  and  management  staff
prepares daily reports of sales,  labor and customer counts.  On a weekly basis,
condensed  operating  statements are compiled by the  accounting  department and
provide management a detailed analysis of sales, product and labor costs, with a
comparison to budget and prior year performance.  These systems also are used in
the development of budget analyses and planning.

     Guest  Satisfaction:  Logan's is committed to providing its guests  prompt,
friendly,  efficient service,  keeping  table-to-server  ratios low and staffing
each  restaurant with an experienced  management team to ensure  attentive guest
service and  consistent  food  quality.  Through  the  regular use of  marketing
research,  guest  feedback  to  the  managers  while  in the  restaurant  and an
outsourced  guest  satisfaction  survey program,  management  receives  valuable
feedback,  which it uses to improve  restaurant  operations  and  monitor  guest
satisfaction.  The  satisfaction  survey  program  delivers  50-150 guest survey
responses per restaurant each month.  Each selected guest is invited to take the
survey via a random  invitation  on the guest receipt and receives a discount of
$3.00 off their next food  purchase.  The program allows Logan's to identify and
focus on key drivers of guest satisfaction and monitor long-term trends in guest
satisfaction and perception.

     Marketing:  Logan's employs an advertising and marketing  strategy designed
to establish  and maintain a high level of name  recognition  and to attract new
customers.  Management's  goal is to develop a greater  number of restaurants in
certain markets to support and enhance the use of television,  radio and outdoor
advertising. In 2005 Logan's spent approximately 1.0% of revenues on advertising
and  expects to spend  approximately  1.5% of revenues  in 2006.  In 2004,  with
changes in Logan's management and the resulting refocus of management priorities
on improving the brand and clarifying  its media message,  Logan's spent less on
advertising.  In  2005,  Logan's  developed  and  tested a new  advertising  and
marketing  program,  including new  television and radio  advertising,  which it
plans  to  introduce  in 2006 in  markets  encompassing  approximately  half its
company-owned  restaurants.  Logan's  also  engages in a variety of  promotional
activities,  such as contributing  personnel,  money and complimentary  meals to
charitable,  civic and cultural programs,  in order to increase public awareness
of Logan's restaurants. Logan's also has certain relationships with the National
Football League's Tennessee Titans,  including two concession  facilities (named
"Logan's  Landing")  inside  the  Nashville,   Tennessee  Coliseum  and  various
promotions  during and around  the games as well as other  events,  such as home
football games for Tennessee State University.

     Franchising:  Prior  to the  Company  acquiring  Logan's  Roadhouse,  Inc.,
Logan's had entered into certain area  development  agreements and  accompanying
franchise  agreements.  As of September  23, 2005,  two  franchisees  operate 23
Logan's  restaurants  in  four  states,  and  have  rights  under  the  existing
agreements, subject to development terms, conditions and timing requirements, to
open up to 18  additional  locations in those same states plus parts of Nevada.
Certain of the  agreements  have  provided for the possible  acquisition  of the
franchise  locations in the  territory by Logan's.  Management  is not currently
planning any other franchising initiatives in the near future beyond the current
agreements,  although Logan's believes  additional  franchising  could become an
opportunity in the future. Logan's offers no financing,  financial guarantees or
other financial  assistance to its franchisees and has no ownership  interest in
any franchisee properties or assets.

UNIT DEVELOPMENT

     Cracker  Barrel opened 25 new stores in 2005.  Cracker Barrel plans to open
26 new stores  during 2006,  five of which already were open as of September 23,
2005.

     Logan's opened 17 new company-operated restaurants and three new franchised
restaurants  in  2005.   Logan's  plans  to  open  22-24  new   company-operated
restaurants  and four  franchised  restaurants  during  2006,  and  three of the
planned company-operated restaurants already were open as of September 23, 2005.

     Of the 534 Cracker Barrel stores open as of September 23, 2005, the Company
owns 384,  while the other 150 properties are either ground leases or ground and
building  leases.  The current Cracker Barrel store  prototype is  approximately
10,000  square  feet  including  approximately  2,100  square feet in the retail
selling  space.  The prototype has 194 seats in the  restaurant.  Cracker Barrel
plans  to  modify  the  prototype  in 2006 to  provide  additional  seating  and
operational flexibility.

                                       10
<PAGE>

     Of the 150  Logan's  restaurants  open as of  September  23,  2005,  23 are
franchised restaurants.  Of the remaining 127 Logan's restaurants,  63 are owned
and  64  are  ground  leases.  The  current  Logan's  restaurant   prototype  is
approximately  8,200 square feet with 284 seats,  including 22 seats at the bar.
Logan's has recently  developed  and designed a new  prototype  restaurant,  the
first  of which  opened  in early  2006.  The  Company  plans  to  evaluate  the
effectiveness  and cost of the new  prototype  and  incorporate  changes  into a
revised design expected to begin to be used in 2007 openings.

EMPLOYEES

     As of July 29, 2005, CBRL Group,  Inc.  employed 29 people, of whom 12 were
in advisory  and  supervisory  capacities  and 6 were  officers of the  Company.
Cracker  Barrel  employed  approximately  64,000  people,  of whom  508  were in
advisory and supervisory  capacities,  3,176 were in store management  positions
and 35 were officers.  Logan's employed  approximately 11,000 people, of whom 89
were in advisory and supervisory  capacities,  632 were in restaurant management
positions  and 9 were  officers.  Many  restaurant  personnel  are employed on a
part-time  basis.  None of the employees of the Company or its  subsidiaries are
represented by any union, and management  considers its employee relations to be
good.

COMPETITION

     The  restaurant  industry is intensely  competitive  with respect to price,
service,  location,  and food  quality.  The Company  competes  with a number of
national and regional  restaurant  chains as well as locally owned  restaurants.
The  restaurant  business  is often  affected  by  changes  in  consumer  taste,
national,  regional,  or local economic  conditions,  traffic patterns,  and the
type, number, and location of competing restaurants.  In addition,  factors such
as  inflation,  increased  food,  labor  and  benefits  costs  and  the  lack of
experienced  management and hourly employees may adversely affect the restaurant
industry in general and the Company's restaurants in particular.


RAW MATERIALS SOURCES AND AVAILABILITY

     Essential  restaurant  supplies and raw materials  are generally  available
from several sources.  However,  in the  restaurants,  certain branded items are
single source products or product lines. Generally, the Company is not dependent
upon single  sources of  supplies or raw  materials.  The  Company's  ability to
maintain  consistent  quality  throughout its restaurant  system depends in part
upon its  ability to acquire  food  products  and  related  items from  reliable
sources. When the supply of certain products is uncertain or prices are expected
to rise significantly, the Company may enter into purchase contracts or purchase
bulk quantities for future use.

     Adequate  alternative  sources of supply,  as well as the ability to adjust
menus  if  needed,  are  believed  to exist  for  substantially  all  restaurant
products. The Company's retail supply chain generally involves longer lead-times
and, often,  more remote sources of product,  including the People's Republic of
China,  and most of the Company's  retail  product is  distributed to its stores
through a single distribution center.  Disruption of the Company's retail supply
chain could be more difficult to overcome, but the Company is evaluating ways to
mitigate such disruptions.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

     Federal,  state  and  local  environmental  laws and  regulations  have not
historically had a significant impact on the operations of the Company; however,
the  Company  cannot  predict  the  effect  of  possible  future   environmental
legislation of regulations on its operations.

TRADEMARKS

     Cracker  Barrel and Logan's deem the  trademarks and service marks owned by
them or their affiliates to be of substantial  value.  Their policy is to obtain
federal  registration  of  their  trademarks  and  other  intellectual  property
whenever possible and to pursue vigorously any infringement of trademarks.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     While  research  and  development  are  important  to  the  Company,  these
expenditures  have not been  material  due to the nature of the  restaurant  and
retail industry.

                                       11
<PAGE>

SEASONAL ASPECTS

     Historically, the profits of the Company have been lower in the first three
fiscal quarters and highest in the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes much of
the summer vacation and travel season.  Management  attributes  these variations
primarily to the increase in interstate  tourist  traffic and propensity to dine
out during the summer  months,  whereas  after the school year begins and as the
winter months  approach,  there is a decrease in interstate  tourist traffic and
less of a tendency to dine out due to inclement  weather.  The Company's  retail
sales  historically  have been highest in the Company's  second fiscal  quarter,
which includes the Christmas holiday shopping season.

WORKING CAPITAL

     In the restaurant  industry,  substantially  all sales  transactions  occur
either  in cash or by  third-party  credit  card.  Like  most  other  restaurant
companies, the Company is able to, and may often, operate with a working capital
deficit.  Restaurant  inventories purchased through the Company's principal food
distributor  are on  terms  of  net  zero  days,  while  restaurant  inventories
purchased locally generally are financed through normal trade credit. Because of
its retail  operations,  which have a lower product turnover than the restaurant
business,  the Company carries larger  inventories  than many other companies in
the restaurant industry. Retail inventories purchased domestically generally are
financed from normal trade credit,  while imported retail inventories  generally
are purchased through letters of credit and wire transfers.  These various trade
terms are aided by rapid product turnover of the restaurant inventory.  Employee
compensation and benefits payable generally may be related to weekly,  bi-weekly
or semi-monthly pay cycles,  and many other operating expenses have normal trade
terms.


                                       12
<PAGE>


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

     The Company's  corporate  headquarters are located on  approximately  eight
acres of land owned by the  Company in  Lebanon,  Tennessee.  The  Company  uses
10,000 square feet of office space for its corporate headquarters.

     The Cracker  Barrel  corporate  headquarters  and warehouse  facilities are
located on  approximately  120 acres of land owned by Cracker Barrel in Lebanon,
Tennessee.  Cracker Barrel utilizes  approximately 110,000 square feet of office
space for its corporate headquarters and decorative fixtures warehouse.  Cracker
Barrel  also  utilizes  367,200  square  feet  of  warehouse  facilities  and an
additional  13,800  square feet of office and  maintenance  space for its retail
distribution center.

     The Logan's  corporate  headquarters  and training  facility are located in
approximately  35,000  and  6,000  square  feet,  respectively,   in  Nashville,
Tennessee, under two leases, both of which expire on February 28, 2015.

     In  addition  to the  various  corporate  facilities,  the  Company  has 32
properties  (owned or leased) for future  development,  a motel used for housing
management  trainees and for the general public, and five parcels of excess real
property  and  improvements  including  one leased  property,  which the Company
intends to dispose of.







                                       13
<PAGE>


     Cracker Barrel and Logan's own or lease the following  store  properties as
of September 23, 2005:

<TABLE>
<S>     <C>                          <C>        <C>              <C>        <C>             <C>
         State                        Cracker Barrel                  Logan's                  Combined
         -----                        --------------                  -------                  --------
                                     Owned      Leased           Owned      Leased          Owned     Leased
                                     -----      ------           -----      ------          -----     ------

        Tennessee                       35          12              12           5             47         17
        Florida                         39          13               4           2             43         15
        Texas                           25           4              11          11             36         15
        Georgia                         27           9               7           5             34         14
        Alabama                         17           9               8           5             25         14
        Indiana                         21           5               6           5             27         10
        Ohio                            23           9               1           2             24         11
        Kentucky                        19           9               -           5             19         14
        Michigan                        14           3               2          12             16         15
        Virginia                        19           4               6           2             25          6
        North Carolina                  22           8               -           -             22          8
        Illinois                        21           2               -           -             21          2
        Pennsylvania                     9          11               -           -              9         11
        South Carolina                  11           7               -           -             11          7
        Mississippi                      8           3               2           3             10          6
        Missouri                        12           3               -           1             12          4
        Louisiana                        7           2               3           2             10          4
        Arkansas                         4           6               1           1              5          7
        West Virginia                    3           5               -           2              3          7
        Arizona                          2           7               -           -              2          7
        New York                         7           1               -           -              7          1
        Oklahoma                         4           2               -           1              4          3
        New Jersey                       2           4               -           -              2          4
        Kansas                           4           1               -           -              4          1
        Wisconsin                        5           -               -           -              5          -
        Colorado                         3           1               -           -              3          1
        Maryland                         3           1               -           -              3          1
        Massachusetts                    -           4               -           -              -          4
        Iowa                             3           -               -           -              3          -
        New Mexico                       2           1               -           -              2          1
        Utah                             3           -               -           -              3          -
        Connecticut                      1           1               -           -              1          1
        Minnesota                        2           -               -           -              2          -
        Montana                          2           -               -           -              2          -
        Nebraska                         1           1               -           -              1          1
        Delaware                         -           1               -           -              -          1
        Idaho                            1           -               -           -              1          -
        New Hampshire                    1           -               -           -              1          -
        North Dakota                     1           -               -           -              1          -
        Rhode Island                     -           1               -           -              -          1
        South Dakota                     1           -               -           -              1          -

        Total                          384         150              63          64            447        214
</TABLE>

     See "Business-Operations" and "Business-Unit Development" in Item I of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for  additional  information on the Company's and its
subsidiaries' properties.


                                       14
<PAGE>

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Part I, Item 3 of the  Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year
ended July 30, 2004 is incorporated herein by this reference.

     Item  7.01 of the  Company's  Current  Report  on Form 8-K  filed  with the
Commission on September 9, 2004 is incorporated herein by this reference.

     See also Note 10 to the Company's  Consolidated  Financial Statements filed
or  incorporated  by reference  into in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, which also is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     Not applicable.







                                       15
<PAGE>


Pursuant  to  Instruction  3 to  Item  401(b)  of  Regulation  S-K  and  General
Instruction  G(3) to Form 10-K, the following  information is included in Part I
of this Form 10-K.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

     The following table sets forth certain information concerning the executive
officers of the Company, as of September 23, 2005:
<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>               <C>
Name                                   Age               Position with Registrant
----                                   ---               ------------------------

Michael A. Woodhouse                    60               Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

Lawrence E. White                       55               Senior Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial
                                                         Officer

N. B. Forrest Shoaf                     55               Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel

Norman J. Hill                          63               Senior Vice President, Human Resources

Patrick A. Scruggs                      41               Vice President, Accounting and Tax, & Chief
                                                         Accounting Officer

Cyril J. Taylor                         51               President  and  Chief  Operating  Officer  of  Cracker
                                                         Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

David L. Gilbert                        48               Chief Administrative Officer of Cracker Barrel Old
                                                         Country Store, Inc.

G. Thomas Vogel                         41               President and Chief Operating Officer of Logan's
                                                         Roadhouse, Inc.
</TABLE>
     The  following  information  summarizes  the  business  experience  of each
executive officer of the Company for at least the past five years:

     Mr.  Woodhouse  has been  employed  by the Company or its  subsidiaries  in
various  capacities  since 1995. Mr. Woodhouse served the Company as Senior Vice
President of Finance and CFO from January 1999 to July 1999,  as Executive  Vice
President and Chief Operating  Officer ("COO") from August 1999 until July 2000,
as President and COO from August 2000 until July 2001, and then as President and
Chief Executive Officer from August 2001 until November 2004 when he assumed his
current  positions.  Mr.  Woodhouse has 21 years of experience in the restaurant
industry and 13 years of experience in the retail industry.

     Mr. White has been  employed by the Company in his current  capacity  since
September  1999.  Prior to that,  he was  Executive  Vice  President  and  Chief
Financial Officer of Boston Chicken, Inc., where he was part of a new management
team brought in for an operational  and financial  turnaround.  Mr. White has 18
years of experience in the restaurant  industry and 6 years of experience in the
retail industry.

     Mr.  Shoaf began his  employment  with the Company in April 2005.  Prior to
that, he was Managing Director of Investment Banking for Avondale Partners, LLC.
From 1996-2000,  he was a Managing Director of J.C. Bradford and from 2000-2003,
a Managing Director in the investment banking group of Morgan Keegan, a Memphis,
Tennessee  based  investment  banking firm and head of its  Nashville  Corporate
Finance Office.

     Mr. Hill has been employed by the Company or its  subsidiaries  since 1996.
He assumed  his  current  position  in January  2002.  Mr.  Hill has 26 years of
experience in the restaurant industry and nine years of experience in the retail
industry.

     Mr. Scruggs has been employed by the Company or its subsidiaries in various
capacities  since 1989. He assumed his current position in 2003. Mr. Scruggs has
16 years of experience in the restaurant and retail industries.

                                       16
<PAGE>

     Mr. Taylor  started his career with Cracker  Barrel in 1978 as a Restaurant
Management  Trainee and has  regularly  been promoted to positions of increasing
responsibility  and authority,  becoming  Senior Vice President of Operations in
July of 2003. Prior to becoming Senior Vice President of Operations,  Mr. Taylor
was Senior Vice President of Restaurant  Operations  from August of 2002 to July
of 2003,  Divisional Vice President of Restaurant Operations from August of 2000
to July of 2002 and Vice President of Operations Administration from August 1999
to July 2000. Mr. Taylor has 27 years of experience in the restaurant and retail
industries.

     Mr.  Gilbert  joined  Cracker  Barrel in July 2001.  Prior to that,  he was
employed  by  Shoney's   Inc.  as  its  Executive   Vice   President  and  Chief
Administrative  Officer  from  January  1999 to July  2001 and its  Senior  Vice
President of Real Estate from January 1998 to January 1999.  Mr.  Gilbert has 27
years of experience in the  restaurant  industry and four years of experience in
the retail industry.

     Mr. Vogel joined Logan's in August 2003.  Prior to that, he was employed by
Darden  Restaurants Inc. since August 1991 serving in various capacities for its
Red  Lobster   concept,   including   Senior  Vice   President  of   Operations,
West/Southeast  Divisions from June 1999 to August 2003,  Vice President of Food
and Beverage from November 1997 to June 1999, and Concept  Development  Director
from March 1995 to November  1997.  Mr. Vogel has 19 years of  experience in the
restaurant industry.





                                       17
<PAGE>


                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
         ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

     The Company's  Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market  (National
Market System) ("Nasdaq") under the symbol CBRL. There were 13,293  shareholders
of record as of September 16, 2005.

     The table  "Market  Price and Dividend  Information"  contained in the 2005
Annual Report is  incorporated  herein by this  reference.  Part III, Item 12 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K is  incorporated  in this Item of this Report by
this reference.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
---------------------------------------

     There  were no equity  securities  sold by the  Company  during  the period
covered by this Annual  Report on Form 10-K that were not  registered  under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
-------------------------------------

     The  following  table sets forth  information  with respect to purchases of
shares of the Company's common stock made during the quarter ended July 29, 2005
by or on behalf of the Company or any "affiliated purchaser," as defined by Rule
10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Act:
<TABLE>
<S>       <C>                            <C>                 <C>                 <C>                   <C>



                                                                                 Total Number            Maximum
                                                                                  of Shares             Number of
                                                                                 Purchased as          Shares that
                                                                                   Part of              May Yet Be
                                         Total Number           Average           Publicly              Purchased
                                           of Shares           Price Paid         Announced             Under the
                                                    -                              Plans or             Plans or
                   Period                Purchased (1)       Per Share (2)         Programs          Programs (3)
                   ------                -------------       -------------       ------------          ------------
          4/30/05 - 5/27/05                      385,000             $39.66           385,000           1,121,081
          5/28/05 - 6/24/05                      300,000             $40.48           300,000             821,081
          6/25/05 - 7/29/05                           --                 --                --             821,081
          Total for the quarter                  685,000             $40.02           685,000             821,081
</TABLE>

          (1)     All share  repurchases  were made in open-market  transactions
                  pursuant to publicly  announced  repurchase  plans. This table
                  excludes  shares  owned and  tendered by employees to meet the
                  exercise  price of option  exercises and shares  withheld from
                  employees to satisfy minimum tax  withholding  requirements on
                  option  exercises  and other  equity-based  transactions.  The
                  Company  administers  employee  cashless  exercises through an
                  independent,  third-party broker and does not repurchase stock
                  in connection with cashless exercises.

          (2)     Average  price paid per share is  calculated  on a  settlement
                  basis and includes commission.

          (3)     On February 25, 2005, the Company  announced a 2,000,000 share
                  common stock repurchase program with no expiration date.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The table "Selected  Financial Data" contained in the 2005 Annual Report is
incorporated into this Item of this Report by this reference.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

                                       18
<PAGE>

     "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations," contained in the 2005 Annual Report, is incorporated into this Item
of this Report by this reference.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

     "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations," contained in the 2005 Annual Report, is incorporated into this Item
of this Report by this reference.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The Consolidated Financial Statements (and related footnotes) and Report of
Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm,  contained in the 2005 Annual
Report, are incorporated into this Item of this Report by this reference.

     See Quarterly  Financial Data  (Unaudited)  in Note 13 to the  Consolidated
Financial Statements.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     None.

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     The Company's management, with the participation of its principal executive
and  financial  officers,  including the Chief  Executive  Officer and the Chief
Financial  Officer,  evaluated the  effectiveness  of the  Company's  disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(f) promulgated
under the Exchange Act). Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
and  the  Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that as of July  29,  2005,  the
Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purposes set
forth in the definition thereof in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e).

     There have been no changes  (including  corrective  actions  with regard to
significant  deficiencies and material weaknesses) during the quarter ended July
29, 2005 in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially  affect,  the Company's  internal  controls over  financial
reporting.






                                       19
<PAGE>


Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

     We are  responsible for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal
controls over financial  reporting (as defined in Rules  13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). We maintain a system
of  internal  controls  that is designed to provide  reasonable  assurance  in a
cost-effective  manner as to the fair and reliable  preparation and presentation
of the consolidated  financial  statements,  as well as to safeguard assets from
unauthorized use or disposition.

     Our  control  environment  is the  foundation  for our  system of  internal
control over  financial  reporting and is embodied in our  Corporate  Governance
Guidelines,  our Financial Code of Ethics,  and our Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics,  all of which may be viewed  on our  website.  They set the tone for our
organization  and include  factors such as  integrity  and ethical  values.  Our
internal  control over financial  reporting is supported by formal  policies and
procedures,  which are  reviewed,  modified  and  improved  as changes  occur in
business condition and operations. We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures or our internal  controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A
control  system,  no matter how well  conceived and  operated,  can provide only
reasonable,  not absolute,  assurance  that the objectives of the control system
are met.  Further,  the design of a control  system must reflect the benefits of
controls  relative to their costs.  Because of the inherent  limitations  in all
control systems,  no evaluation of controls can provide absolute  assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud,  if any, within the Company have been
detected.

     We conducted an evaluation  of the  effectiveness  of our internal  control
over financial  reporting based on the framework in Internal  Control-Integrated
Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations  of the Treadway
Commission.  This evaluation  included review of the  documentation of controls,
evaluation  of the design  effectiveness  of controls,  testing of the operating
effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. We have concluded
that our internal control over financial  reporting was effective as of July 29,
2005, based on these criteria.

     In  addition,  Deloitte & Touche  LLP,  an  independent  registered  public
accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on management's  assessment of
internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein.



                      /s/Michael A. Woodhouse
                      -----------------------
                      Michael A. Woodhouse
                      Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer


                      /s/Lawrence E. White
                      --------------------
                      Lawrence E. White
                      Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer


ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

     None.



                                       20
<PAGE>


                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The  information  required by this Item with  respect to  directors  of the
Company is  incorporated  into this Item of this Report by this reference to the
section  entitled  "Proposal  1:  Election  of  Directors"  in  the  2005  Proxy
Statement.  The  information  required  by this Item with  respect to  executive
officers  of the  Company is set forth in Part I of this  Annual  Report on Form
10-K.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The  information  required by this Item is  incorporated  into this Item of
this Report by this reference to the sections  entitled  "Board of Directors and
Committees"  and  "Executive  Compensation"  in the 2005  Proxy  Statement.  The
matters  labeled   "Compensation   and  Stock  Option   Committee   Report"  and
"Shareholder  Return  Performance Graph" are not, and shall not be deemed to be,
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The  information  required by this Item is  incorporated  into this Item of
this Report by this  reference  to the  sections  entitled  "Stock  Ownership of
Management and Certain  Beneficial  Owners" and  "Executive  Compensation-Equity
Compensation Plan Information" in the 2005 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The  information  required by this Item is  incorporated  into this Item of
this Report by this reference to the section entitled "Certain  Transactions" in
the 2005 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

     The  information  required by this Item is  incorporated  into this Item of
this Report by this  reference to the sections  entitled "Fees Paid to Auditors"
and "Audit Committee  Report-What is the Audit Committee's  pre-approval  policy
and  procedure  with  respect to audit and  non-audit  services  provided by our
auditors?" in the 2005 Proxy  Statement.  No other portion of the section of the
2005 Proxy  Statement  entitled  "Audit  Committee  Report"  is, nor shall it be
deemed to be, incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



                                       21
<PAGE>


                                     PART IV

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

     (a) List of documents filed as part of this report:

         1.    The following Consolidated Financial Statements and the Report of
               Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm of  Deloitte  &
               Touche LLP of the 2005 Annual Report are included  within Exhibit
               13 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are  incorporated  into
               this Item of this Report by this reference:

               Report of Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm dated
               September 22, 2005

               Consolidated Balance Sheet as of July 29, 2005 and July 30, 2004

               Consolidated  Statement  of Income  for each of the three  fiscal
               years ended July 29, 2005, July 30, 2004 and August 1, 2003

               Consolidated  Statement  of Changes in  Shareholders'  Equity for
               each of the three fiscal years ended July 29, 2005, July 30, 2004
               and August 1, 2003

               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for each of the three fiscal
               years ended July 29, 2005, July 30, 2004 and August 1, 2003

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         2.    All  schedules  have  been  omitted  since  they are  either  not
               required  or not  applicable,  or  the  required  information  is
               included  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  notes
               thereto.

         3.    The  exhibits  listed  in  the  accompanying  Index  to  Exhibits
               immediately following the signature page to this Report




                                       22
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                    CBRL GROUP, INC.

                By:  /s/Michael A. Woodhouse
                     -----------------------
                      Michael A. Woodhouse
                      President and Chief Executive Officer

                                                September 26, 2005

     Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>                                              <C>
Name                                    Title                                            Date
----                                    -----                                            ----

/s/Michael A. Woodhouse
-----------------------
Michael A. Woodhouse                    Chairman, President and Chief Executive          September 26, 2005
                                        Officer

/s/Lawrence E. White
--------------------
Lawrence E. White                       Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief         September 26, 2005
                                        Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)
/s/Patrick A. Scruggs
---------------------
Patrick A. Scruggs                      Chief Accounting Officer                         September 26, 2005
                                        (Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/James D. Carreker
--------------------
James D. Carreker                       Director                                         September 26, 2005

/s/Robert V. Dale
-----------------
Robert V. Dale                          Director                                         September 26, 2005

/s/Richard J. Dobkin
--------------------
Richard J. Dobkin                       Director                                         September 26, 2005

/s/Robert C. Hilton
-------------------
Robert C. Hilton                        Director                                         September 26, 2005

/s/Charles E. Jones, Jr.
------------------------
Charles E. Jones, Jr.                   Director                                         September 26, 2005

/s/B.F. Lowery
--------------
B.F. Lowery                             Director                                         September 26, 2005


---------------------
Martha M. Mitchell                      Director                                         September 26, 2005

/s/Erik Vonk
------------
Erik Vonk                               Director                                         September 26, 2005

--------------
Andrea M. Weiss                         Director                                         September 26, 2005


------------------
Jimmie D. White                         Director                                         September 26, 2005
</TABLE>


                                       23
<PAGE>


                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
-------

3(I), 4(a)        Charter (1)

3(II), 4(b)       Bylaws (1)

4(c)              Shareholder Rights Agreement dated 9/7/1999 (2)

4(d)              Indenture,  dated as of April 3, 2002, among the Company,  the
                  Guarantors (as defined  therein) and Wachovia  Bank,  National
                  Association, as trustee, relating to the Company's zero-coupon
                  convertible senior notes (the "Notes") (3)

4(e)              Form of Certificate for the Notes (included in the LYONS
                  Indenture incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4(d) hereof)(3)

4(f)              Form of Guarantee of the Notes (included in the LYONS
                  Indenture filed as Exhibit 4(d) hereof) (3)

4(g)              First amendment, dated as of June 19, 2002, to the LYONS
                  Indenture (4)

4(h)              Second amendment, dated as of July 30, 2004, to the LYONS
                  Indenture (4)

4(i)              Third amendment, dated as of December 31, 2004, to the LYONS
                  Indenture (5)

4(j)              Fourth amendment, dated as of January 28, 2005, to the LYONS
                  Indenture (6)

4(k),10(a)        Credit Agreement dated 2/21/2003, relating to the $300,000,000
                  Revolving Credit Facility (7)

10(b)             Lease dated 8/27/1981 for lease of Macon, Georgia store
                  between Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. and B. F.
                  Lowery, a director of the Company (8)

10(c)             The Company's Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan, as
                  amended (9)

10(d)             The Company's 2000 Non-Executive Stock Option Plan (10)

10(e)             The Company's 1989 Non-Employee Director's Stock Option Plan,
                  as amended (11)

10(f)             The Company's Non-Qualified Savings Plan

10(g)             The Company's Deferred Compensation Plan (8)

10(h)             The Company's 2002 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan
                  ("Omnibus Plan") (12)

10(i)             Amendment No. 1 to Omnibus Plan

10(j)             Form of Restricted Stock Award

10(k)             Form of Stock Option Award under the Amended and Restated
                  Stock Option Plan

10(l)             Form of Stock Option Award under the Omnibus Plan

10(m)             Executive Employment Agreement dated as of August 1, 2005
                  between Michael A. Woodhouse and the Company

                                       24
<PAGE>

10(n)             Change-in-control Agreement for Lawrence E. White dated
                  10/13/1999 (9)

10(o)             Change-in-control Agreement for N.B. Forrest Shoaf dated
                  5/12/2005

10(p)             Change-in-control Agreement for Norman J. Hill dated
                  10/13/1999 (10)

10(q)             Change-in-control Agreement for David L. Gilbert dated
                  10/3/2001 (10)

10(r)             Change-in-control Agreement for Tom Vogel dated October 3,
                  2003 (12)

10(s)             Change-in-control Agreement for Patrick A. Scruggs dated
                  October 13, 1999 (12)

10(t)             Master  Lease  dated  July 31,  2000  between  Country  Stores
                  Property  I, LLC  ("Lessor")  and  Cracker  Barrel Old Country
                  Store,  Inc.  ("Lessee")  for lease of 21  Cracker  Barrel Old
                  Country Store(R) sites (13)

10(u)             Master Lease dated July 31, 2000 between Country Stores
                  Property I, LLC ("Lessor") and Cracker Barrel Old Country
                  Store, Inc. ("Lessee") for lease of 9 Cracker Barrel Old
                  Country Store(R) sites*

10(v)             Master Lease dated July 31, 2000 between  Country Stores
                  Property II, LLC ("Lessor") and Cracker Barrel Old Country
                  Store, Inc. ("Lessee") for lease of 23 Cracker Barrel Old
                  Country Store(R) sites*

10(w)             Master Lease dated July 31, 2000 between  Country  Stores
                  Property III, LLC  ("Lessor") and Cracker Barrel Old Country
                  Store, Inc. ("Lessee") for lease of 12 Cracker Barrel Old
                  Country Store(R) sites*

10(x)             2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (14)

10(y)             2005 Annual Bonus Plan (14)

10(z)             2006 LTI Plan (15)

10(aa)            CBRL Group, Inc. Targeted Retention Plan (15)

10(bb)            CBRL Group, Inc. Stock Ownership Achievement Incentive Plan
                  (15)

10(cc)            2006 Annual Bonus Plan (15)

10(dd)            Summary of Executive Officer and Director Compensation (15)

10(ee)            Form of Mid-Term Incentive and Retention Plan Award Notice

13                Pertinent  portions of the Company's 2005 Annual Report to
                  Shareholders that are incorporated by reference into this
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K.

21                Subsidiaries of the Registrant

23                Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm -
                  Deloitte & Touche LLP

31                Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications

32                Section 1350 Certifications

*Document not filed  because  essentially  identical in terms and  conditions to
Exhibit 10(t).

(1)      Incorporated  by reference to the Company's  Registration  Statement on
         Form S-4/A under the  Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") (File
         No. 333-62469).

(2)      Incorporated  by reference to the Company's  Current  Report on Form
         8-K under the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), filed
         September 21, 1999.

(3)      Incorporated  by reference to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form
         10-Q under the Exchange Act for the quarterly period ended May 3, 2002.

                                       25
<PAGE>

(4)      Incorporated  by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the  Company's Annual
         Report on Form 10-K/A under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended
         July 30, 2004.

(5)      Incorporated  by reference to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form
         10-Q under the Exchange Act for the quarterly period ended January 28,
         2005.

(6)      Incorporated  by reference to the Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K
         under the Exchange Act filed on February 2, 2005.

(7)      Incorporated  by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
         10-Q under the Exchange Act for the quarterly period ended January 31,
         2003.

(8)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on
         Form S-7 under the  Securities Act (File No. 2-74266).

(9)      Incorporated  by reference to the  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended July 30, 1999.

(10)     Incorporated  by reference to the  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended August 2, 2002.

(11)     Incorporated by reference to the Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.
         Annual  Report on Form 10-K under the  Exchange Act for the fiscal year
         ended August 2, 1991 (File No. 0-7536).

(12)     Incorporated  by reference to the  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended August 1, 2003.

(13)     Incorporated  by reference to the  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended July 28, 2000.

(14)     Incorporated  by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on
         Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act for the quarterly period ended
         October 29, 2004.

(15)     Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
         under the Exchange Act, filed August 1, 2005.




                                       26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
