<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c23861_10k-.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

                                   FORM 10-K
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, OR

[ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ___________________ to
     __________________

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 1-14120

                        BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC.
                        ---------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  DELAWARE                                       52-1611421
-------------------------------------------                 -------------------
      (State or other jurisdiction of                       (I.R.S. Employer
      incorporation or organization)                        Identification No.)

ONE JAKE BROWN ROAD, OLD BRIDGE, NEW JERSEY                        08857
-------------------------------------------                 --------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                         (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (732) 679-4000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                          Name of Exchange
          Title of each class                           on which registered
-------------------------------------------          ---------------------------
     COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.001                     AMERICAN STOCK EXCHANGE

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes _X_ No ___

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

The  aggregate  market  value of  voting  stock  held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant  (computed  by using the closing  stock price on March 22,  2002,  as
reported by the American Stock Exchange): $11,198,835.

Number of shares of common stock, par value $.001, outstanding as of March 22,
2002: 7,612,664.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Certain portions of the  registrant's  definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 3, 2002 (which is expected to be filed
with the  Commission  not later than 120 days after the end of the  registrant's
last fiscal year) are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.

<PAGE>


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

In  addition  to   historical   information,   this   Annual   Report   contains
forward-looking  statements  relating to such matters as  anticipated  financial
performance,  business  prospects,  technological  developments,  new  products,
research and development  activities and similar matters. The Private Securities
Litigation  Reform  Act of  1995  provides  a safe  harbor  for  forward-looking
statements.  In order to comply with the terms of the safe  harbor,  the Company
notes that a variety of factors  could cause the  Company's  actual  results and
experience  to  differ   materially  from  the  anticipated   results  or  other
expectations expressed in the Company's  forward-looking  statements.  The risks
and uncertainties  that may affect the operation,  performance,  development and
results of the Company's business include, but are not limited to, those matters
discussed  herein in the  sections  entitled  Item 1 - Business,  Item 3 - Legal
Proceedings,  and Item 7 -  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial
Condition   and  Results  of   Operations.   The  words   "believe",   "expect",
"anticipate",   "project"  and  similar  expressions  identify   forward-looking
statements.  Readers  are  cautioned  not  to  place  undue  reliance  on  these
forward-looking  statements,  which reflect management's analysis only as of the
date hereof.  The Company  undertakes  no  obligation  to publicly  revise these
forward-looking  statements to reflect events or circumstances  that arise after
the date hereof.  Readers should carefully review the risk factors  described in
other  documents  the Company  files from time to time with the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission.

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

INTRODUCTION

              Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,   Inc.  ("BLONDER  TONGUE"  or  the
"COMPANY") is a designer,  manufacturer and supplier of a comprehensive  line of
electronics and systems  equipment for the cable  television  ("CATV")  industry
(both franchise and non-franchise,  or "private," cable). The Company's products
are used to acquire,  distribute  and protect the broad range of  communications
signals carried on fiber optic, coaxial cable and wireless distribution systems.
These  products  are sold to  customers  providing  an  array of  communications
services,  including  television,  high-speed data (Internet) and telephony,  to
single family dwellings,  multiple dwelling units ("MDUS"), the lodging industry
and institutions such as hospitals,  prisons, schools and marinas. The Company's
products are also used in surveillance systems ranging in complexity from simple
in-home  monitoring  systems to advanced business security systems with hundreds
of cameras.

              Staying  at  the  forefront  of the  telecommunications  broadband
technology  revolution is a continuing  challenge.  The Company continues to add
products to respond to the changes taking place.  Blonder  Tongue's product line
includes digital satellite receivers, cable modems, fiber communications network
components,  QPSK to QAM  transcoders  (for DirecTV,  Echostar and Digicipher II
MPEG-2 Satellite Services) Digicipher II Compatible QAM Set Top Converters,  and
a broad range of interdiction products to preserve signal security.

              The Company's  principal  customers are system  integrators  (both
franchise  and private cable  operators,  as well as  contractors)  that design,
package, install and in most instances operate, upgrade and maintain the systems
they build.

              The Company has  historically  enjoyed,  and continues to enjoy, a
dominant  market  position in the private cable  industry,  while  progressively
making inroads into the franchise cable market.  As the Company has expanded its
market coverage,  however,  the distinctions between private cable and franchise
cable  have  become  blurred.   For  example,   the  most   efficient,   highest
revenue-producing  private cable systems and small  franchise  cable systems are
built with the same electronic building blocks. Most of the electronics required
are  available  from  Blonder  Tongue.  In fact,  some of the  most  financially
successful cable systems in the United States employ Blonder Tongue interdiction
equipment.

              The  Company  continues  to  expand  its  headend,  fiber and data
product  lines to  maintain  the  capability  of  providing  all the  electronic
equipment  needed to build small cable systems and much of the equipment  needed
in larger systems for most efficient operation and highest profitability in high
density areas.

                                       2
<PAGE>


INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

              The  broadband  signal   distribution   industry   (involving  the
high-speed  transmission  of  television,  telephony  and  internet  signals) is
currently  dominated  by  CATV.  The  markets  for  wireless,   direct-broadcast
satellite ("DBS") and digital  subscriber line ("DSL") used for this purpose are
growing  rapidly.  Within  the CATV  market  there are an  increasing  number of
metropolitan   areas  that  have  awarded  second  CATV   franchises  to  create
competition  with the existing  franchisee.  The government has been in favor of
competition in this market and has passed regulations to encourage it. Franchise
cable  companies are ever watchful of DBS  penetration in their  franchise areas
and react rapidly to competition,  all to the eventual  benefit of the consumer.
To fight competition,  the operators offer more services and more TV channels as
well as discounted  prices.  The lineup of services typically includes an analog
block of channels from 54 to 550 MHz,  high speed data service using  high-speed
cable modems,  cable  telephony  either  interfacing  with switched  networks or
internet protocol networks,  and digital television in the 550 to 750 MHz range.
These  upgraded  services  are possible in every system that has been rebuilt to
750 MHz of  bandwidth.  The standard  architecture  for these  enhanced  systems
contemplates  a hybrid  distribution  network with a combination  of fiber optic
cable to nodes of 100 to 500  subscribers,  with coaxial  cable from the node to
the customer and full  reverse-path  capability for the  pay-per-view,  data and
phone services.

              The traditional customer targeted for these expanded services is a
homeowner  likely to remain in the same home as a  long-term  subscriber.  For a
variety of reasons,  including  the  transient  nature of the  residents of many
areas,  high levels of theft of service and excessive  cost of replacing lost or
stolen converters and modems, approximately 35% of CATV subscribers not only are
not offered the new  services,  but are never  offered the full analog lineup of
channels.  Since converters,  DBS receivers,  digital  converters and modems are
offered at very low prices to stimulate  sales,  the operational  costs in these
demographic  areas are too high to  justify  the  advanced  services.  To retain
customers  in  these  areas,  a  technology  must be  used  that  minimizes  the
operational  losses due to theft and "churn"  while  providing a level of video,
data and phone  service  that  compares  favorably  with DBS,  DSL and  wireless
providers.  The Company  believes  that its lineup of products,  which  includes
interdiction  as well as cable and telephone  modems,  is the ideal solution for
deployment in these areas.

              In October  2001,  the Company  entered  into an agreement to be a
value-added  distributor for Motorola's QAM decoder to the United States private
cable and  Canadian  franchise  cable  markets.  Coupling  this product with the
Company's  Digicipher(R)  II  compatible  QQQT  transcoder  provides  a low-cost
hardware  solution  for  small  system  operators  that  want to  offer  digital
programming from sources such as HITS(R), WSNET(TM), and Cancom.

       CATV

              Most  CATV  operators  are  building  fiber  optic  networks  with
alternative  combinations of fiber optic and coaxial cable to deliver television
signal programming data and phone services on one drop cable.  CATV's deployment
of fiber optic trunk has been  completed  in more than 50% of existing  systems.
The system  architecture  being employed to accomplish the combined provision of
television and telephone  service is a hybrid fiber coaxial ("HFC") network.  In
an HFC network,  fiber optic trunk lines  connect to nodes which feed 100 to 500
subscribers,  using  coaxial  cable.  Extensive  rebuilding  of a CATV system is
required to provide the full array of expanded services.  Consequently, not only
are the alternative  suppliers faced with enormous capital expenditures to enter
the broadband signal delivery  business,  but existing CATV system operators are
faced with similar expenditures to compete with them (or to discourage them from
entering the race) to provide the "information superhighway."

              The  Company  believes  that most  major  metropolitan  areas will
eventually  have  complex  networks  of  two  or  more   independent   operators
interconnecting the homes while private cable operators will have large networks
interconnecting  many  multi-dwelling  complexes.  All  of  these  networks  are
potential users of Blonder Tongue headend, digital and interdiction products.

                                       3
<PAGE>


       MULTIPLE DWELLING UNITS (MDUs)

              MDUs,  because they  represent a large  percentage  of the private
cable market,  have  historically been responsible for a large percentage of the
Company's  sales.  In the early  days of cable  television  MDUs were  served by
franchise  cable  operators.  In  1991,  when  the FCC  allocated  a  designated
frequency  band for private  cable,  the private cable  industry  became a major
supplier of TV services to MDUs since they could interconnect  buildings with 18
GHz  over-the-air  links and  reduce the  cost-per-subscriber  in  building  MDU
networks. This type of networking continues today but presently many MDU private
cable systems are connected  using fiber optics since it is more  reliable,  has
much greater bandwidth,  and can handle two-way  communication needed for voice,
data and video-on-demand.

              MDUs served by franchise cable are also a large revenue source for
Blonder Tongue since they  generally  fall into the category of customers  where
churn,  theft of service and converter loss are extremely high. This makes these
areas prime candidates for Blonder Tongue's interdiction products.

       LODGING

              Until  the early  1990's,  one  system  integrator  dominated  the
lodging market and manufactured  much of its own equipment.  During the last ten
years,  other private cable integrators have  successfully  entered and expanded
the lodging market by offering systems with more channels,  video-on-demand  and
interactivity.  These systems have been well received in the market, as property
owners have  sought  additional  revenues  and guests  have  demanded  increased
in-room  conveniences.  The integrators  leading this market evolution rely upon
outside suppliers for their system electronics and are Blonder Tongue customers.
These companies and others offer lodging establishments  VCR-based systems which
provide true  video-on-demand  movies with a large selection of titles.  To meet
these demands,  the typical lodging system headend will include as many as 20 to
40  receivers  and as many  as 60 to 80  modulators,  and  will  be  capable  of
providing  the  guest  with  more  free  channels,  video-on-demand  for a broad
selection of movie titles, and interactive services such as remote check-out and
concierge services. This is in contrast to the systems which preceded them which
typically  had 10 to 12 receivers  and  modulators  and provided six to ten free
channels  and two to five  channels of  VCR-based  movies  running at  published
scheduled times.

              There is an  accelerating  trend to substitute  video file servers
for  VCRs,  which  the  Company   believes  will  eventually   replace  VCRs  in
video-on-demand systems. The timing and speed of this transition is dependent on
availability of lower cost servers.

              Most of the systems with video-on-demand service were initially in
large  hotels,  where the  economics of high channel  capacity  systems are more
easily   justified.   The   conversion  of  hotel   pay-per-view   systems  into
video-on-demand is increasing. Smaller hotels and motels are being provided with
video-on-demand  as technology  results in reduced  headend  costs,  keeping the
market growth reasonably steady.

       INTERNATIONAL

              For much of the world, CATV service lags the United States, but is
rapidly expanding as technological advancement reduces the cost to consumers. In
addition,  economic development in Latin America and Asia has allowed first time
construction  of  integrated   delivery   systems  that  utilize  a  variety  of
electronics and broadband hardware.  The pace of growth is difficult to predict,
but as  more  alternatives  become  available  and  television  service  becomes
increasingly affordable,  it is likely that more equipment will be placed in the
field.

              The Company  utilizes  several  distributors in Florida and within
Latin America with an experienced  international  sales manager supervising this
effort.  Earlier  efforts to expand the market  through  exclusive  distribution
arrangements  were  unsatisfactory  but some  growth  was  achieved  in 2001 and
accelerated  growth is  anticipated in the year 2002 and beyond as the Company's
contacts  and  opportunities  in the  Caribbean  and Latin  America  continue to
mature.

                                       4
<PAGE>


       ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS

              The technological  revolution  taking place in the  communications
industry,  which includes DBS, is providing digital  television to an increasing
number of homes.  Wireless  cable  systems and DSL over twisted pair phone lines
also  utilize  digital   compression  to  provide  channel   capacity  which  is
competitive  with CATV and  other  television  delivery  systems.  In  addition,
franchise  cable  companies and  alternative  suppliers are building fiber optic
networks to offer video,  data, and telephony.  There is also the possibility of
convergence of data and video  communications,  wherein  computer and television
systems merge and the computer monitor replaces the television screen.  While it
is not possible to predict with certainty  which  technology will be dominant in
the  future,  it is clear that  digitized  video and  advances in the ability to
compress  the  digitized  video  signal  make both  digital  television  and the
convergence of computer, telephone and television systems technically possible.

              Since  United  States  television  sets are analog (not  digital),
direct satellite television and other digitally compressed  programming requires
headend  products or  expensive  set-top  decoding  receivers or  converters  to
convert  the  digitally  transmitted  satellite  signals  back  to  analog.  The
replacement  of all  television  sets with  digital sets will be costly and take
many  years to  complete.  The  Company  believes  that for many  years to come,
program  providers  will be required to deliver an analog  television  signal on
standard channels to subscribers' television sets using headend products at some
distribution  point in their  networks  or  employ  decoding  receivers  at each
television  set.  Headend  products  are a large  segment  of  Blonder  Tongue's
business and the Company believes  interdiction is an ideal product for a system
operator to use to control access to the multitude of  programming  that will be
available.

PRODUCTS

              Blonder Tongue's products can be separated, according to function,
into the several categories described below:

       o      HEADEND PRODUCTS used by a system operator for signal acquisition,
       processing and manipulation for further transmission.  Among the products
       offered by the Company in this category are satellite  receivers (digital
       and analog),  integrated  receiver/decoders,  transcoders,  demodulators,
       modulators,  antennas and antenna  mounts,  amplifiers,  equalizers,  and
       processors. The headend of a television signal distribution system is the
       "brain" of the  system,  the  central  location  where the  multi-channel
       signal  is  initially  received,  converted  and  allocated  to  specific
       channels for distribution. In some cases, where the signal is transmitted
       in encrypted form or digitized and compressed,  the receiver will also be
       required to decode the signal or, in the case where  digital  signals are
       to be carried on the distribution  system,  transcode its modulation from
       QPSK   (quadrature   phase  shift  key)  to  QAM  (quadrature   amplitude
       modulation) since one is optimum for satellite transmission and the other
       optimum for fiber/coaxial  distribution.  Blonder Tongue is a licensee of
       Motorola, Inc.'s ("Motorola") VideoCipher(R) and DigiCipher(R) encryption
       technologies   and  Hughes  Network   Systems',   a  Hughes   Electronics
       Corporation   ("Hughes")  digital  technologies,   and  integrates  their
       decoders into integrated  receiver/decoder  products, where required. The
       Company  estimates that Headend Products  accounted for approximately 52%
       of the Company's revenues in 2001, 40% in 2000 and 60% in 1999.

       o      DISTRIBUTION  PRODUCTS  used to permit  signals to travel from the
       headend to their ultimate  destination in a home,  apartment unit,  hotel
       room, office or other terminal  location along a distribution  network of
       fiber optic or coaxial cable.  Among the products  offered by the Company
       in this  category  are  optical  transmitters,  optical  receivers,  line
       extenders,  broadband  amplifiers,  directional taps,  splitters and wall
       taps. In CATV systems,  the  distribution  products are either mounted on
       exterior  telephone  poles  or  encased  in  pedestals,  vaults  or other
       security  devices.  In private cable systems the  distribution  system is
       typically  enclosed  within  the  walls  of  the  building  (if a  single
       structure) or added to an existing  structure using various techniques to
       hide the coaxial cable and devices.  The non-passive  devices within this
       category  are  designed  to ensure that the signal  distributed  from the
       headend  is  of  sufficient   strength  when  it  arrives  at  its  final
       destination to provide high quality audio/video images.

                                       5
<PAGE>


       o      SUBSCRIBER  PRODUCTS used to control  access to programming at the
       subscriber's  location  and to split and  amplify  incoming  signals  for
       transmission  to multiple  sites and  multiple  television  sets within a
       site.  Among the  products  offered by the Company in this  category  are
       addressable interdiction devices, cable modems,  splitters,  couplers and
       multiplexers.  The Company  believes that the most  significant  products
       within  this  category  are:  (i) its  VideoMask(TM)  addressable  signal
       jammer,  licensed from Philips  Electronics North America Corporation and
       its  affiliate  Philips  Broadband  Networks,  Inc.  in August 1995 under
       certain  non-exclusive  technology  and patent  license  agreements  (the
       "PHILIPS LICENSE  AGREEMENTS"),  (ii) the SMI  Interdiction  product line
       acquired  from  Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc.  as  part  of its  interdiction
       business,  and (iii) its recently  introduced cable modems for high-speed
       Internet  access.   Interdiction   products  limit,  through  jamming  of
       particular  channels,  the availability of programs to subscribers.  Such
       products  enable an  integrator to control  subscriber  access to premium
       channels  and  other  enhanced   services   through  a  computer  located
       off-premises.  They also eliminate the necessity of an operator having to
       make a service call to install or remove  passive traps and eliminate the
       costs associated with damage or loss of analog set-top  converters in the
       subscribers' locations. Interdiction products are also being successfully
       used by CATV  operators  as an  anti-piracy  system in  conjunction  with
       set-top converters.  The Company believes that the reduction in operating
       costs,  programming  piracy,  and  converter  loss which can be  obtained
       through the use of interdiction  will be a significant  factor in further
       product  penetration  into the franchise  cable  market.  While it is not
       possible to predict the breadth of market  acceptance for these products,
       the Company  believes the  potential is  substantial  in both the private
       cable  market  and  franchise  cable  market  as  alternatives  to, or in
       conjunction with, set-top converters and as a viable option for companies
       and  municipalities who are overbuilding  existing cable  infrastructures
       and  are  seeking  a more  consumer-friendly  and  cost-effective  way to
       compete with the incumbent franchise cable operator.

       o      MICROWAVE  PRODUCTS  used to transmit the output of a cable system
       headend to multiple locations using point-to-point communication links in
       the 18 GHz  range of  frequencies.  Among  the  products  offered  by the
       Company in this  category  are power  amplifiers,  repeaters,  receivers,
       transmitters  and  compatible  accessories.  These  products  convert the
       headend  output up to the  microwave  band and transmit this signal using
       parabolic antennas.  At each receiver site, a parabolic  antenna-receiver
       combination  converts  the  signal  back to normal  VHF  frequencies  for
       distribution to subscribers at the receiver site. Due to a Final Rule and
       Order adopted by the Federal  Communications  Commission ("FCC") in June,
       2000,  coupled with the  availability  and inherent  superiority of fiber
       optics in  linking  adjacent  properties  in MDU  applications,  sales of
       microwave  products  have  diminished.   While  microwave  products  will
       continue to be sold to maintain  existing  systems,  the Company does not
       anticipate  that these  products  will  contribute  significantly  to the
       Company's revenues.

       o      FIBER  PRODUCTS  used to  transmit  the  output of a cable  system
       headend to multiple locations using fiber optic cable. Among the products
       offered are optical  transmitters,  receivers,  couplers,  splitters  and
       compatible  accessories.  These products  convert RF frequencies to light
       (or  infrared)  frequencies  and launch  them on optical  fiber.  At each
       receiver site, an optical receiver is used to convert the signals back to
       normal VHF frequencies for distribution to subscribers. Sales of products
       in this category  continue to increase as they have become the product of
       choice  in  applications  formerly  suitable  to  the  use  of  microwave
       products.

              The Company  will modify its  products to meet  specific  customer
requirements.  Typically,  these  modifications  are minor and do not materially
alter the  functionality of the products.  Thus the inability of the customer to
accept such products does not  generally  result in the Company being  otherwise
unable to sell such products to other customers.

                                       6
<PAGE>


RESEARCH AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

              The  markets  served  by  Blonder  Tongue  are   characterized  by
technological   change,  new  product   introductions,   and  evolving  industry
standards.  To compete effectively in this environment,  the Company must engage
in continuous research and development in order to (i) create new products, (ii)
expand the frequency range of existing products in order to accommodate customer
demand for greater  channel  capacity,  (iii)  license new  technology  (such as
digital  satellite  receiver  decoders and high-speed  cable  modems),  and (iv)
acquire products incorporating  technology that could not otherwise be developed
quickly  enough using internal  resources,  to suit the dynamics of the evolving
marketplace. Research and development projects are often initially undertaken at
the request of and in an effort to address the particular needs of the Company's
customers and customer  prospects with the expectation or promise of substantial
future orders from such customers or customer prospects. Additional research and
development efforts are also continuously  underway for the purpose of enhancing
product quality and engineering to lower  production  costs. For the acquisition
of new  technologies,  the Company may rely upon technology  licenses from third
parties  when the  Company  believes  that it can obtain  such  technology  more
quickly and/or  cost-effectively  from such third parties than the Company could
otherwise develop on its own, or when the desired technology is proprietary to a
third party. There were 22 employees in the research and development  department
of the Company at December 31, 2001.

MARKETING AND SALES

              Blonder Tongue markets and sells its products worldwide to private
cable  integrators  (which  accounted  for  approximately  48% of the  Company's
revenues for fiscal 2001, approximately 56% of the Company's revenues for fiscal
year 2000 and approximately 80% for fiscal year 1999), to alternative suppliers,
and to franchise cable integrators.  Sales are made directly to customers by the
Company's  internal  sales  force,  as well as  through  numerous  domestic  and
international stocking distributors.

              The  Company's  sales  and  marketing  function  is  predominantly
performed  by its  internal  sales  force.  Should it be deemed  necessary,  the
Company may retain independent sales  representatives  in particular  geographic
areas or targeted to specific customer  prospects.  The Company's internal sales
force consists of 26 employees,  which currently includes 12 salespersons (eight
salespersons in Old Bridge,  New Jersey,  one salesperson in each of Cincinnati,
Ohio,  Cudahy,  Wisconsin,  Folsom,  California,  and  Miami,  Florida)  and  14
sales-support personnel at the Company headquarters in Old Bridge, New Jersey.

              The Company's  standard  customer  payment terms are 2%-10, net 30
days. From time to time where the Company determines that circumstances warrant,
such as when a customer agrees to commit to a large blanket  purchase order, the
Company extends payment terms beyond its standard payment terms.

              The Company has several marketing programs to support the sale and
distribution  of its products.  Blonder  Tongue  participates  in industry trade
shows and conferences.  The Company also publishes  technical  articles in trade
and technical  journals,  distributes  sales and product  literature  and has an
active public  relations plan to ensure  complete  coverage of Blonder  Tongue's
products  and  technology  by editors of trade  journals.  The Company  provides
system  design  engineering  for  its  customers,  maintains  extensive  ongoing
communications with many original equipment  manufacturer customers and provides
one-on-one  demonstrations  and technical  seminars to potential new  customers.
Blonder Tongue supplies sales and applications  support,  product literature and
training to its sales  representatives  and distributors.  The management of the
Company travels  extensively,  identifying  customer needs and meeting potential
customers.

              The Company had  approximately  $1.0  million and $4.0  million in
purchase orders as of December 31, 2001 and December 31, 2000, respectively. All
of the purchase  orders  outstanding  as of December 31, 2001 are expected to be
shipped  prior to December  31,  2002.  The  purchase  orders are for the future
delivery of products and are subject to cancellation by the customer.

                                       7
<PAGE>


CUSTOMERS

              Blonder Tongue has a broad customer base,  which in 2001 consisted
of more  than  800  active  accounts.  Approximately  39%,  56%,  and 26% of the
Company's  revenues in fiscal years 2001,  2000,  and 1999,  respectively,  were
derived from sales of products to the Company's five largest customers. In 2001,
sales to Toner Cable  Equipment,  Inc.  accounted for  approximately  14% of the
Company's revenues.  There can be no assurance that any sales to these entities,
individually or as a group, will reach or exceed historical levels in any future
period.  However,  the Company anticipates that these customers will continue to
account for a significant  portion of the Company's  revenues in future periods,
although none of them is obligated to purchase any specified  amount of products
(beyond  outstanding  purchase  orders) or to provide the Company  with  binding
forecasts of product purchases for any future period.

              The  complement  of  leading  customers  may  shift  as  the  most
efficient and better  financed  integrators  grow more rapidly than others.  The
Company  believes  that  many  integrators  will grow  rapidly,  and as such the
Company's success will depend in part on the viability of those customers and on
the  Company's  ability to maintain its position in the overall  marketplace  by
shifting its  emphasis to those  customers  with the greatest  growth and growth
prospects.  Any  substantial  decrease  or  delay in sales to one or more of the
Company's leading customers,  the financial failure of any of these entities, or
the Company's  inability to develop and maintain  solid  relationships  with the
integrators  which may  replace  the  present  leading  customers,  would have a
material  adverse  effect on the Company's  results of operations  and financial
condition.

              The Company's revenues are derived primarily from customers in the
continental  United  States,  however,  the Company also derives  revenues  from
customers  outside the continental  United States,  primarily in  underdeveloped
countries.  Television service is less developed in many international  markets,
particularly Latin America and Asia, creating opportunity for those participants
who offer quality products at a competitive price. Sales to customers outside of
the United States  represented  approximately  2% of the  Company's  revenues in
fiscal  years  2001,  2000 and  1999.  All of the  Company's  transactions  with
customers  located outside of the  continental  United States are denominated in
U.S.  dollars,   therefore,   the  Company  has  no  material  foreign  currency
transactions.

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLIERS

              Blonder  Tongue's  manufacturing  operations  are  located  at the
Company's  headquarters in Old Bridge, New Jersey.  The Company's  manufacturing
operations are vertically integrated and consist principally of the assembly and
testing of electronic  assemblies built from fabricated  parts,  printed circuit
boards  and  electronic  devices  and the  fabrication  from raw sheet  metal of
chassis and cabinets for such  assemblies.  Management  continues to implement a
significant  number  of  changes  to  the  manufacturing   process  to  increase
production volume and reduce product cost, including logistics  modifications on
the factory floor, an increased use of surface mount, axial lead and radial lead
robotics to place electronic  components on printed circuit boards, a continuing
program of circuit board redesign to make more products  compatible with robotic
insertion  equipment and an increased  integration in machining and fabrication.
All of these efforts are consistent  with and part of the Company's  strategy to
provide its customers with high performance-to-cost ratio products.

              Outside  contractors  supply  standard  components,   etch-printed
circuit boards,  and electronic  subassemblies to the Company's  specifications.
While the  Company  generally  purchases  electronic  parts  which do not have a
unique  source,  certain  electronic  component  parts used within the Company's
products are available  from a limited number of suppliers and can be subject to
temporary  shortages  because of general economic  conditions and the demand and
supply for such component  parts.  If the Company were to experience a temporary
shortage of any given  electronic  part, the Company  believes that  alternative
parts could be obtained or system design changes  implemented.  However, in such
situations  the Company may  experience  temporary  reductions in its ability to
ship products affected by the component shortage.  The Company purchases several
products from sole  suppliers for which  alternative  sources are not available,
such as the VideoCipher(R) and DigiCipher(R)  encryption systems manufactured by
Motorola,  which are standard encryption  methodologies  employed on U.S. C-Band
and Ku-Band  transponders and Hughes digital satellite receivers for delivery of
DIRECTV(TM) programming.  An inability to timely obtain sufficient quantities of
these components could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operating
results. The Company does not have a supply agreement with Motorola or any other
supplier.  The Company submits  purchase orders to its suppliers on an as-needed
basis.

                                       8
<PAGE>


              Blonder Tongue maintains a quality  assurance  program which tests
samples of component parts purchased,  as well as its finished  products,  on an
ongoing basis and also conducts tests throughout the manufacturing process using
commercially  available  and in-house  built  testing  systems that  incorporate
proprietary  procedures.  Blonder Tongue performs final product tests on 100% of
its products prior to shipment to customers.

COMPETITION

              All aspects of the Company's business are highly competitive.  The
Company   competes  with  national,   regional  and  local   manufacturers   and
distributors,   including  companies  larger  than  Blonder  Tongue  which  have
substantially greater resources.  Various manufacturers who are suppliers to the
Company sell  directly as well as through  distributors  into the  franchise and
private  cable   marketplaces.   Because  of  the   convergence  of  the  cable,
telecommunications and computer industries and rapid technological  development,
new competitors  may seek to enter the principal  markets served by the Company.
Many of  these  potential  competitors  have  significantly  greater  financial,
technical,  manufacturing,  marketing,  sales and other  resources  than Blonder
Tongue.  The Company expects that direct and indirect  competition will increase
in the future. Additional competition could result in price reductions,  loss of
market share and delays in the timing of customer orders.  The principal methods
of competition are product  differentiation,  performance and quality, price and
terms, service, and technical and administrative support.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

              The  Company  currently  holds 30  United  States  patents  and 14
foreign  patents  covering a wide range of electronic  systems and circuits,  of
which 19 United  States  patents  and 10 foreign  patents  were  obtained in the
Company's acquisition of Scientific-Atlanta, Inc.'s interdiction business during
1998. Other than certain of the patents acquired from Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc.,
none of the Company's  patents are considered  material to the Company's present
operations  because they do not relate to high volume  applications.  Because of
the rapidly evolving nature of the CATV industry,  the Company believes that its
market position as a supplier to cable  integrators  derives  primarily from its
ability to develop a  continuous  stream of new  products  which are designed to
meet its customers' needs and which have a high performance-to-cost ratio.

              The Company is a licensee  of Philips  Electronics  North  America
Corporation and its affiliate Philips Broadband Networks, Inc., Motorola, Hughes
and several smaller software development companies.

              Under the  Philips  License  Agreements,  the Company is granted a
non-exclusive  license for a term which expires in 2010,  concurrently  with the
last to expire of the relevant patents.  The Philips License  Agreements provide
for the payment by the Company of a one-time  license fee and for the payment by
the Company of royalties based upon unit sales of licensed products.

              The  Company is a licensee  of  Motorola  relating  to  Motorola's
VideoCipher(R)  encryption  technology  and is also a party to a  private  label
agreement  with Motorola  relating to its  DigiCipher(R)  technology.  Under the
VideoCipher(R) license agreement, the Company is granted a non-exclusive license
under certain proprietary  know-how,  to design and manufacture certain licensed
products to be compatible with the VideoCipher(R) commercial descrambler module.
The VideoCipher(R)  license agreement provides for the payment by the Company of
a one-time  license fee for the  Company's  first model of licensed  product and
additional  one-time license fees for each additional model of licensed product.
The  VideoCipher(R)  license  agreement  also  provides  for the  payment by the
Company  of  royalties  based upon unit sales of  licensed  products.  Under the
DigiCipher(R) private label agreement,  the Company is granted the non-exclusive
right to sell DigiCipher(R) II integrated  receiver decoders bearing the Blonder
Tongue name for use in the commercial  market.  The DigiCipher(R)  private label
agreement  provides for the payment by the Company of a one-time license fee for
the Company's first model of licensed  product and additional  one-time  license
fees for each additional model of licensed product.

              During 1996, the Company entered into several software development
and license  agreements  for  specifically  designed  controller  and  interface
software  necessary for the operation of the Company's Video Central(TM)  remote
interdiction control system, which is used for remote operation of VideoMask(TM)
signal jammers installed at subscriber  locations.  These licenses are perpetual
and  require the  payment of a one-time  license fee and in one case  additional
payments, the aggregate of which are not material.

                                       9
<PAGE>


              In February,  1998, the Company entered into an exclusive  license
agreement  with  Hughes,  pursuant  to which the  Company is licensed to design,
manufacture,  and  market  commercial  digital  satellite  receivers  which  are
compatible with DIRECTV(TM) programming, for use in headend applications in both
the franchised  and private cable  markets.  The agreement is for a term of five
(5) years, expiring in February 2003.

              The Company  relies on a  combination  of  contractual  rights and
trade secret laws to protect its proprietary  technologies  and know-how.  There
can be no assurance  that the Company  will be able to protect its  technologies
and  know-how  or  that  third  parties  will  not be able  to  develop  similar
technologies  and know-how  independently.  Therefore,  existing  and  potential
competitors  may be able to  develop  products  that  are  competitive  with the
Company's  products and such  competition  could adversely affect the prices for
the Company's  products or the Company's market share. The Company also believes
that factors such as the technological and creative skills of its personnel, new
product  developments,  frequent  product  enhancements,  name  recognition  and
reliable  product  maintenance are essential to establishing and maintaining its
leadership position.

REGULATION

              Private  cable,  while  in  some  cases  subject  to  certain  FCC
licensing  requirements,  is not presently  burdened with  extensive  government
regulations.  Franchise cable operators had been subject to extensive government
regulation  pursuant to the Cable Television Consumer Protection and Competition
Act of 1992, which among other things provided for rate rollbacks for basic tier
cable  service,   further  rate  reductions  under  certain   circumstances  and
limitations on future rate  increases.  The  Telecommunications  Act of 1996 has
deregulated  many aspects of franchise cable system operation and has opened the
door to  competition  among cable  operators and telephone  companies in each of
their  respective  industries.  The Company  believes that this legislation will
increase the base of potential customers for the Company's products.

              In June,  2000,  the FCC adopted and issued a Final Rule and Order
relating to the re-designation of portions of the 18GHz-frequency band among the
various currently allocated  services.  This matter was first discussed in 1998,
at which time the FCC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, proposing to grant
primary status for use of the 18GHz  frequency band to Fixed  Satellite  Service
Operators  ("FSSO"),  to the detriment of existing and future  terrestrial fixed
service operators ("TFSO"). The Final Rules regarding this issue provide for the
grandfathering,  for a period of ten years, of certain pre-existing  (installed)
TFSOs and TFSOs that had made application for a license prior to a certain date.
The FCC  segmented  the  18GHz-frequency  band into  several  sub-bands  and has
provided for varying  obligations and rights as between the TFSOs and the FSSOs.
Overall,  the Final Rules are complex  and place a measure of  uncertainty  upon
TFSOs  considering  the use of  microwave  gear in new  systems.  These  issues,
coupled  with the  recent  advances  in the use of  fiber  optic  cable  and the
inherent  superiority  in fiber due to its greater  bandwidth  capability,  have
resulted in a shift in customer  purchases  away from  microwave gear and toward
fiber optics.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS

              The  Company is subject to a variety of  federal,  state and local
governmental  regulations related to the storage, use, discharge and disposal of
toxic,  volatile or  otherwise  hazardous  chemicals  used in its  manufacturing
processes.  The Company did not incur in 2001 and does not anticipate  incurring
in 2002 material  capital  expenditures  for compliance with federal,  state and
local  environmental laws and regulations.  There can be no assurance,  however,
that  changes  in  environmental  regulations  will not  result  in the need for
additional capital expenditures or otherwise impose additional financial burdens
on the Company.  Further,  such regulations could restrict the Company's ability
to expand its operations.  Any failure by the Company to obtain required permits
for,  control the use of, or adequately  restrict the  discharge  of,  hazardous
substances  under  present or future  regulations  could  subject the Company to
substantial  liability  or  could  cause  its  manufacturing  operations  to  be
suspended.

              The  Company   presently  holds  a  permit  from  the  New  Jersey
Department of  Environmental  Protection  ("NJDEP"),  Division of  Environmental
Quality,  Air  Pollution  Control  Program  relating to its operation of certain
process equipment, which permit expires in June, 2003. The Company has held such
a  permit  for  this  equipment  on  a  substantially   continuous  basis  since
approximately  April,  1989.  The Company also has  authorization  under the New
Jersey  Pollution  Discharge  Elimination  System/Discharge  to  Surface  Waters
General  Industrial  Stormwater Permit,  Permit No. NJ0088315.  This permit will
expire January 2003.

                                       10
<PAGE>


EMPLOYEES

              The Company  employs  approximately  418 people,  including 320 in
manufacturing,  22 in research and development,  15 in quality assurance,  16 in
production  services,  26 in  sales  and  marketing,  and  19 in a  general  and
administrative  capacity.  235 of the  Company's  employees  are  members of the
International  Brotherhood of Electrical  Workers Union, Local 2066, which has a
three year labor  agreement  with the Company  expiring in February,  2005.  The
Company considers its relations with its employees to be good.



ITEM 2.       PROPERTIES

              The  Company's  principal  manufacturing,  engineering,  sales and
administrative facilities consist of one building totaling approximately 130,000
square feet located on approximately 20 acres of land in Old Bridge,  New Jersey
(the "OLD BRIDGE  FACILITY")  which is owned by the  Company.  The Company  also
leases office space in Cudahy, Wisconsin for which it pays rent of approximately
$300 per month.

              Management  believes  that the Old Bridge  Facility is adequate to
support the Company's  anticipated  needs in 2002.  Subject to  compliance  with
applicable  zoning and  building  codes,  the Old Bridge real  property is large
enough to double the size of the plant to accommodate expansion of the Company's
operations should the need arise.



ITEM 3.       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

              The Company is a party to certain  proceedings  incidental  to the
ordinary  course of its  business,  none of which,  in the  current  opinion  of
management,  is  likely  to have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.



ITEM 4.       SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

              No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the
fourth quarter ended December 31, 2001,  through the  solicitation of proxies or
otherwise.

                                       11
<PAGE>


                                     PART II

ITEM 5.       MARKET FOR  REGISTRANT'S  COMMON  EQUITY AND  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER
              MATTERS

              The Company's  common stock has been traded on the American  Stock
Exchange since the Company's  initial public  offering on December 14, 1995. The
following table sets forth for the fiscal quarters  indicated,  the high and low
sale prices for the Company's Common Stock on the American Stock Exchange.

MARKET INFORMATION

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001:                      HIGH       LOW
                                                          ----       ---

       First Quarter .................................. 4.125     2.120
       Second Quarter.................................. 4.000     2.160
       Third Quarter .................................. 4.230     2.960
       Fourth Quarter ................................. 4.290     3.000


Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000:                      HIGH       LOW
                                                          ----       ---

       First Quarter .................................. 10 3/4     5
       Second Quarter..................................  9 3/4     6 7/16
       Third Quarter ..................................  8         6
       Fourth Quarter..................................  6 1/4     2 5/8

              The  Company's  Common  Stock  is  traded  on the  American  Stock
Exchange under the symbol "BDR".

HOLDERS

              As of March 22, 2002, the Company had  approximately 65 holders of
record of the Common  Stock.  Since a portion of the  Company's  common stock is
held in "street" or nominee  name,  the Company is unable to determine the exact
number of beneficial holders.

DIVIDENDS

              The Company  currently  anticipates that it will retain all of its
earnings to finance the operation  and expansion of its business,  and therefore
does not intend to pay dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable  future.
Other than in connection with certain "S" corporation distributions prior to its
initial  public  offering,  the  Company  has  never  declared  or paid any cash
dividends on its Common Stock. Any  determination to pay dividends in the future
is at the  discretion of the  Company's  Board of Directors and will depend upon
the Company's financial condition, results of operations,  capital requirements,
limitations  contained in loan agreements and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deems relevant.  The Company's loan agreement with Commerce Bank, N.A.
prohibits the payment of cash dividends by the Company on its Common Stock.

                                       12
<PAGE>


ITEM 6.       SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

              The selected  consolidated  statement of earnings  data  presented
below for each of the years ended  December  31,  2001,  2000 and 1999,  and the
selected  consolidated  balance sheet data as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, are
derived  from,  and are  qualified  by  reference  to, the audited  consolidated
financial statements of the Company and notes thereto included elsewhere in this
Form 10-K.  The selected  consolidated  statement of earnings data for the years
ended  December 31, 1998 and 1997 and the selected  consolidated  balance  sheet
data  as  of  December  31,  1999,  1998  and  1997  are  derived  from  audited
consolidated  financial statements not included herein. The data set forth below
is  qualified  in its  entirety  by,  and  should be read in  conjunction  with,
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations" and the consolidated  financial statements,  notes thereto and other
financial and statistical information appearing elsewhere herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2001       2000        1999         1998(1)       1997
                                                -------    -------     -------        -------     -------
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                             <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS DATA:

Net sales ..................................    $53,627    $70,196     $56,805        $70,792     $62,057
Cost of goods sold .........................     36,928     46,974      39,074         45,344      39,656
                                                -------    -------     -------        -------     -------
  Gross profit .............................     16,699     23,222      17,731         25,448      22,401
                                                -------    -------     -------        -------     -------
Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative ......     11,209     13,572      13,598         10,755       9,938
  Research and development .................      2,200      2,125       2,070          2,156       1,954
                                                -------    -------     -------        -------     -------
  Total operating expenses .................     13,409     15,697      15,668         12,911      11,892
                                                -------    -------     -------        -------     -------

Earnings from operations ...................      3,290      7,525       2,063         12,537      10,509
Interest expense ...........................      1,369      1,948       2,008          1,596         414
Other (income) expense, net ................          0        (10)         (6)           (40)       (595)
                                                -------    -------     -------        -------     -------
Earnings before income taxes ...............      1,921      5,587          61         10,981      10,690
Provision for income taxes .................        704      2,011           2          3,868       4,276
                                                -------    -------     -------        -------     -------
Net earnings ...............................    $ 1,217    $ 3,576     $    59        $ 7,113     $ 6,414
                                                =======    =======     =======        =======     =======
Basic earnings per share ...................    $  0.16    $  0.47     $  0.01        $  0.86     $  0.78
Basic weighted average shares
  outstanding(2) ...........................      7,613      7,620       7,916          8,292       8,227
Diluted earnings per share .................    $  0.16    $  0.47     $  0.01        $  0.84     $  0.77
Diluted weighted average shares
  outstanding(2) ...........................      7,637      7,632       7,958          8,471       8,375

<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2001       2000        1999         1998(1)       1997
                                                -------    -------     -------        -------     -------
                                                                   (In thousands)
<S>                                             <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:

Working capital ............................    $31,254    $27,154     $25,456        $17,049     $26,055
Total assets ...............................     64,386     62,834      66,076         69,651      42,272
Long-term debt (including
  current maturities) ......................     16,195     16,184      20,607         22,359       5,054
Stockholders' equity .......................     39,962     39,096      35,247         40,496      31,795
</TABLE>

----------

(1)  On March 26, 1998,  the Company  acquired all of the assets and  technology
     rights of Scientific-Atlanta, Inc.'s interdiction business.

(2)  Weighted average shares are calculated in accordance with the provisions of
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, "Earnings Per Share."

                                       13
<PAGE>


ITEM 7.       MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION  AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND
              RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

              THE FOLLOWING  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY'S HISTORICAL
RESULTS OF  OPERATIONS  AND LIQUIDITY  AND CAPITAL  RESOURCES  SHOULD BE READ IN
CONJUNCTION  WITH "SELECTED  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL DATA" AND THE  CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  OF THE  COMPANY  AND NOTES  THERETO  APPEARING  ELSEWHERE
HEREIN.

OVERVIEW

              The Company was incorporated in November,  1988, under the laws of
Delaware as GPS  Acquisition  Corp. for the purpose of acquiring the business of
Blonder-Tongue Laboratories, Inc., a New Jersey corporation which was founded in
1950 by Ben H. Tongue and Isaac S.  Blonder  (the  "FORMER  BLONDER-TONGUE")  to
design,  manufacture  and supply a line of  electronics  and  systems  equipment
principally  for the Private  Cable  industry.  Following the  acquisition,  the
Company changed its name to Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.

              The Company's  success is due in part to  management's  efforts to
leverage  the  Company's  reputation  by  broadening  its product  line to offer
one-stop  shop   convenience  to  private  cable  and  franchise   cable  system
integrators and to deliver products having a high performance-to-cost ratio.

              In December  1995, the Company  successfully  concluded an initial
public offering of 2,200,000 shares of its Common Stock. Thereafter,  in January
1996, the Company's  underwriters  exercised their  over-allotment  option, as a
result of which an additional  181,735 shares of the Company's Common Stock were
sold. The proceeds  received by the Company from the sale of its Common Stock in
the offering (including shares sold pursuant to the over-allotment  option), net
of  expenses of the  offering  and certain S  Corporation  distributions  to the
Company's principal stockholders,  were approximately  $14,045,000.  These funds
were used to  acquire  the  Company's  Old  Bridge  Facility  and to reduce  the
Company's  outstanding bank debt. The Company has further enhanced its liquidity
through a long-term loan secured by a mortgage against the Old Bridge Facility.

              On March 26,  1998,  the  Company  acquired  all of the assets and
technology  rights,   including  the  SMI  Interdiction  product  line,  of  the
interdiction business (the "INTERDICTION BUSINESS") of Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc.
("SCIENTIFIC")  for a purchase price consisting of (i) $19 million in cash, (ii)
67,889 shares of the Company's common stock, (iii) a warrant to purchase 150,000
additional  shares of the Company's  common stock at an exercise price of $14.25
per share and (iv)  assumption  by the  Company  of  certain  obligations  under
executory contracts with vendors and customers and certain warranty  obligations
and other  current  liabilities  of the  Interdiction  Business.  The Company is
utilizing the SMI Interdiction product line acquired from Scientific,  which has
been engineered  primarily to serve the franchise cable market,  as a supplement
to the  Company's  VideoMask(TM)  Interdiction  products,  which  are  primarily
focused on the private cable market.  In addition,  the Company expects that the
technology  acquired  as part of the  Interdiction  Business  will  enhance  its
ability to design products that meet the specific needs of all cable  providers,
while improving its position in the franchise cable market.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

              The following table sets forth, for the fiscal periods  indicated,
certain consolidated statement of earnings data as a percentage of net sales:

                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                           2001          2000            1999
                                         ----------    ---------       ---------
Net sales                                  100.0%        100.0%          100.0%
Costs of goods sold                         68.9          66.9            68.8
Gross profit                                31.1          33.1            31.2
Selling expenses                             9.3           8.5            10.6
General and administrative expenses         11.6          10.9            13.3
Research and development expenses            4.1           3.0             3.6
Earnings from operations                     6.1          10.7             3.6
Other (income) expense, net                  2.5           2.8             3.5
Earnings before income taxes                 3.6           7.9             0.1

                                       14
<PAGE>


2001 COMPARED WITH 2000

              NET  SALES.   Net  sales   decreased   $16,569,000  or  23.6%,  to
$53,627,000 in 2001 from  $70,196,000 in 2000.  The  substantially  higher sales
recorded  in the prior  fiscal year were  primarily  attributable  to  shipments
against a large  interdiction  order booked in the fourth  quarter of 1999.  Net
sales  included  approximately  $7,962,000  of  interdiction  equipment for 2001
compared to approximately $29,400,000 in 2000.

              COST OF GOODS SOLD.  Cost of goods sold  decreased to  $36,928,000
for 2001 from  $46,974,000  for 2000,  primarily  due to decreased  volume,  and
increased  as a  percentage  of sales to 68.9% in 2001 from  66.9% in 2000.  The
increase as a percentage of sales was caused  primarily by a greater  proportion
of sales during the period being comprised of lower margin  products,  including
the Motorola QAM decoder which was  introduced in the fourth quarter of 2001, as
well as an increase in obsolescence reserves.

              SELLING EXPENSES. Selling expenses decreased to $5,009,000 in 2001
from  $5,943,000 in 2000, and increased as a percentage of sales to 9.3% in 2001
from 8.5% in 2000. The $934,000 decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease
in wages and fringe  benefits  related to the decrease in headcount along with a
decrease in commissions and freight expense as a result of reduced sales.

              GENERAL AND  ADMINISTRATIVE  EXPENSES.  General and administrative
expenses  decreased to $6,200,000 in 2001 from $7,629,000 in 2000, and increased
as a  percentage  of sales to 11.6% in 2001 from 10.9% in 2000.  The  $1,429,000
decrease is primarily  attributable to a decrease in consulting  fees,  investor
relations fees, travel and entertainment, and bad debts.

              RESEARCH  AND  DEVELOPMENT  EXPENSES.   Research  and  development
expenses  increased to $2,200,000 in 2001 from $2,125,000 in 2000, and increased
as a percentage of sales to 4.1% in 2001 from 3.0% in 2000. The $75,000 increase
is  primarily  attributable  to  an  increase  in  wages,  fringe  benefits  and
consulting expenses.

              EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS. Earnings from operations decreased 56.3%
to $3,290,000 in 2001 from  $7,525,000  in 2000.  Earnings from  operations as a
percentage of sales decreased to 6.1% in 2001 from 10.7% in 2000.

              INTEREST AND OTHER EXPENSE.  Interest and other expenses consisted
of $1,369,000 of interest  expense in 2001.  Interest and other expenses in 2000
consisted  of  $1,948,000  of  interest  expense  offset by $10,000 of  interest
income.  The  decrease  in  interest  expense  is  primarily  attributable  to a
reduction in the Company's long term debt and lower average interest rates.

              INCOME TAXES. The provision for income taxes for 2001 decreased to
$704,000 from $2,011,000 in 2000, as a result of a decrease in taxable income.

2000 COMPARED WITH 1999

              NET  SALES.   Net  sales   increased   $13,391,000  or  23.6%,  to
$70,196,000 in 2000 from $56,805,000 in 1999. The increase in sales is primarily
attributed to an increase in sales of  interdiction  equipment  primarily to the
franchise  cable  market.  Net  sales  included  approximately   $29,400,000  of
interdiction equipment for 2000 compared to approximately $11,006,000 in 1999.

              COST OF GOODS SOLD.  Cost of goods sold  increased to  $46,974,000
for 2000 from  $39,074,000  for 1999,  primarily  due to increased  volume,  and
decreased  as a  percentage  of sales to 66.9% in 2000 from  68.8% in 1999.  The
decrease as a percentage of sales was caused  primarily by a greater  proportion
of sales during the period being comprised of higher margin products.

              SELLING EXPENSES. Selling expenses decreased to $5,943,000 in 2000
from  $6,025,000 in 1999, and decreased as a percentage of sales to 8.5% in 2000
from 10.6% in 1999. The $82,000 decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease
in the costs incurred for advertising and marketing materials.

                                       15
<PAGE>


              GENERAL AND  ADMINISTRATIVE  EXPENSES.  General and administrative
expenses  increased to $7,629,000 in 2000 from  $7,573,000 in 1999 and decreased
as a  percentage  of  sales to 10.9% in 2000  from  13.3% in 1999.  The  $56,000
increase can be attributable  primarily to an increase in  depreciation  expense
related to computer equipment.

              RESEARCH  AND  DEVELOPMENT  EXPENSES.   Research  and  development
expenses  increased  2.7 % to $2,125,000  in 2000 from  $2,070,000 in 1999.  The
increase is primarily due to an increase in departmental supplies.  Research and
development expenses decreased as a percentage of sales to 3.0% from 3.6%.

              EARNINGS  FROM  OPERATIONS.  Earnings  from  operations  increased
264.8% to $7,525,000 in 2000 from  $2,063,000 in 1999.  Earnings from operations
as a percentage of sales increased to 10.7% in 2000 from 3.6% in 1999.

              INTEREST  AND  EXPENSES.  Other  expenses  in  2000  consisted  of
$1,948,000  of  interest  expense  offset by $10,000 of interest  income.  Other
expenses in 1999 consisted of $2,008,000 of interest expense offset by $6,000 of
interest  income.  The decrease in interest  expense is primarily  attributed to
decreased  borrowings  under  the  Company's  revolving  line  of  credit  and a
reduction in the Company's long term debt.

              INCOME TAXES. The provision for income taxes for 2000 increased to
$2,011,000  from $2,000 for 1999 as a result of an  increase in taxable  income.
The  Company's  effective  rate  increased  to 36% for 2000 from 3% in 1999 as a
result of state tax credits  available  to the Company and  recognized  in 1999,
along with an increase in taxable income.

INFLATION AND SEASONALITY

              Inflation and  seasonality  have not had a material  impact on the
results of operations of the Company. Fourth quarter sales in 2001 were slightly
impacted by fewer  production  days. The Company  expects sales each year in the
fourth quarter to be impacted by fewer production days.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

              As of December 31, 2001 and 2000,  the Company's  working  capital
was $31,254,000 and $27,154,000,  respectively.  The increase in working capital
is  attributable  primarily to the  reclassification  as long term debt,  of the
Company's  obligations under its line of credit from First Union, as a result of
the refinancing  transaction consummated during the first quarter of 2002 of the
Company's  credit  agreement.  Historically,  the Company has satisfied its cash
requirements  primarily from net cash provided by operating  activities and from
borrowings under its line of credit.

              The Company's net cash  provided by operating  activities  for the
year ended  December 31, 2001 was  $3,711,000  as a result of the  Company's net
earnings,  increased  by a $3,169,000  increase in accounts  payable and accrued
expenses,  offset by the  $4,423,000  increase  in  inventory,  compared to cash
provided  by  operating  activities  for the year  ended  December  31,  2000 of
$6,256,000.  Although  sales  decreased  in 2001 as compared  to 2000,  accounts
receivable  and  inventory  increased.  Accounts  receivable  was  lower in 2000
despite  higher  sales,  primarily  due to the  fact  that  accounts  receivable
relating  to  substantial  purchases  by  Cablevision  in 2000  were  paid on an
accelerated  basis to take advantage of the Company's  2%-10,  net 30 day terms.
Inventory  increased  in  connection  with the  Company  becoming a  value-added
distributor  of  Motorola's  QAM decoder  under an agreement  signed in October,
2001.

              Cash  used  in  investing  activities  was  $803,000,   which  was
attributable  primarily  to  capital  expenditures  for new  computers  and test
equipment.  The  Company  does not have any  present  plans or  commitments  for
material capital expenditures for fiscal year 2002.

              Cash used in financing  activities  was  $2,329,000 for the period
ended December 31, 2001, comprised of $4,356,000 in repayments of long-term debt
and $2,117,000 of increased  borrowings  under the First Union revolving line of
credit.

                                       16
<PAGE>


              During 2001, the Company  commenced  efforts to refinance its line
of credit with First Union,  and on March 20, 2002 the Company executed a credit
agreement  with  Commerce  Bank,  N.A.  for a  $19.5  million  credit  facility,
comprised of (i) a $7 million  revolving line of credit under which funds may be
borrowed  at LIBOR,  plus a margin  ranging  from  1.75% to 2.50%,  in each case
depending on the calculation of certain financial covenants,  with a floor of 5%
through  March 30, 2003,  (ii) a $9 million term loan which bears  interest at a
rate of 6.75% through September 30, 2002, and thereafter at a fixed rate ranging
from 6.50% to 7.25% to reset  quarterly  depending on the calculation of certain
financial  covenants and (iii) a $3.5 million  mortgage loan bearing interest at
7.5%.  Borrowings  under the  revolving  line of credit  are  limited to certain
percentages of eligible  accounts  receivable  and inventory,  as defined in the
credit  agreement.  The credit facility is collateralized by a security interest
in all of the Company's  assets.  The agreement also contains  restrictions that
require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios as well as restrictions
on the payment of cash  dividends.  The maturity  date of the new line of credit
with  Commerce  Bank is March 20, 2004.  The term loan  requires  equal  monthly
principal  payments of $187,800 and matures on March 20, 2006. The mortgage loan
requires  equal monthly  principal  payments of $19,444 and matures on March 20,
2017. The mortgage loan is callable after five years at the lender's option.

              Upon  execution  of  the  credit  agreement  with  Commerce  Bank,
$14,953,900  was advanced to the Company,  of which  $14,827,000 was used to pay
all unpaid  principal and accrued  interest  under the  Company's  prior line of
credit and term loans with First Union National Bank ("FIRST UNION").

              As a result of the new credit agreement,  the First Union debt has
been reflected based on the new terms in the accompanying balance sheet.

              Prior to March 20, 2002, the Company had a $5.5 million  revolving
line of credit  with First  Union on which funds could be borrowed at either the
bank's base rate plus a margin ranging from 0% to .625%, or LIBOR, plus a margin
ranging from 1.50% to 2.625%,  in each case  depending  upon the  calculation of
certain financial  covenants (5.25% at December 31, 2001). At December 31, 2001,
the Company had $4,367,000 outstanding under the First Union line of credit. The
agreement  contained  restrictions that required the Company to maintain certain
financial  ratios as well as  restrictions  on the  payment  of  dividends.  The
Company also had, prior to March 20, 2002, two outstanding term loans with First
Union (Old Term Loan A and Old Term Loan B) which accrued interest at a variable
interest rate. At December 31, 2001, the aggregate amount outstanding under both
term loans was $10,941,000.

              At June 30, 2001,  September  30, 2001 and December 31, 2001,  the
Company was unable to meet certain of its  financial  covenants  under the First
Union credit  agreement,  compliance  with which was waived by First Union as of
June 30, 2001 and September 30, 2001.  Also, in November 2001, the maturity date
of the First  Union line of credit was  extended  until  March 31,  2002 and the
Company agreed that one of the financial  covenants  which had  previously  been
deleted from the credit  agreement  would again become  effective as of December
31, 2001. The average  amount  outstanding on the line of credit during 2001 was
$3,661,000  at a weighted  average  interest rate of 7.02%.  The maximum  amount
outstanding on the line of credit during 2001 was $5,183,000.

       Annual maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2001 are:

2002.......................  $ 2,917,000
2003.......................    2,632,000
2004.......................    7,008,000
2005.......................    2,649,000
2006.......................      989,000
Thereafter.................           --
                             -----------
                             $16,195,000
                             ===========

              The Company leases certain factory and automotive  equipment under
noncancellable  operating  leases  expiring at various dates  through  December,
2006.

                                       17
<PAGE>


              Future minimum rental  payments,  required for all  noncancellable
leases are as follows:

                                                            Capital    Operating
                                                          ----------   ---------
2002 .................................................    $  327,000    $ 78,000
2003 .................................................       194,000      58,000
2004 .................................................       191,000      12,000
2005 .................................................       186,000          --
2006 .................................................       157,000          --
Thereafter ...........................................            --          --
                                                          ----------    --------
Total future minimum lease payments ..................     1,055,000    $148,000
                                                                        ========
Less:  amounts representing interest .................       168,000
                                                          ----------
Present value of minimum lease payments ..............    $  887,000
                                                          ==========

              The Company  currently  anticipates  that the cash  generated from
operations,  existing  cash  balances  and  amounts  available  under its credit
facility with  Commerce  Bank,  will be  sufficient  to satisfy its  foreseeable
working capital needs.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

              The Company  prepares its financial  statements in accordance with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the  United  States.  Preparing
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported
amounts  of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets and
liabilities as of the date of the financial  statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  The following  paragraphs
include a discussion of some critical  areas where  estimates are required.  You
should also review Note 1 to the financial  statements for further discussion of
significant accounting policies.

              The Company records revenue when products are shipped. Legal title
and risk of loss with respect to the products  pass to customers at the point of
shipment.  Customers do not have a right to return products shipped. The Company
provides an allowance for doubtful accounts on an estimated basis.

              The Company  evaluates its long-lived  assets for impairment based
on the undiscounted  future cash flows of such assets.  If a long-lived asset is
identified  as  impaired,  the value of the asset  will be  reduced  to its fair
value.


NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

              In June 1998, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board ("FASB")
issued Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards ("FAS") No. 133, "Accounting
for Derivative  Instruments and Hedging  Activities." FAS 133 was adopted by the
Company on January 1, 2001. FAS 133 requires that all derivative  instruments be
recorded  on the  balance  sheet at fair  value.  Changes  in the fair  value of
derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other  comprehensive
income,  depending on whether a derivative  is  designated  as part of the hedge
transaction  and the type of hedge  transaction.  In  August,  2001 the  Company
terminated a previous  interest  rate swap  agreement  and  recorded  $82,000 in
additional  interest expense. At December 31, 2001, the Company did not have any
derivative  financial  instruments.  The adoption of this  pronouncement did not
have a  material  effect on the  Company's  financial  position  or  results  of
operations.

       In July 2001, the FASB issued FAS No. 141,  "Business  Combinations"  and
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." FAS 141 requires the use of the
purchase method of accounting and prohibits the use of the  pooling-of-interests
method of accounting for business  combinations  initiated  after June 30, 2001.
FAS 142 addresses  financial  accounting and reporting for acquired goodwill and
other intangible assets. FAS 142 requires, among other things, that companies no
longer  amortize  goodwill,  but instead test  goodwill for  impairment at least
annually.  FAS 142 is required to be applied for fiscal  years  beginning  after
December 15,  2001.  This  statement  also  requires  that  entities  complete a
transitional  goodwill  impairment test six months from the date of adoption and
reassess the useful lives of other intangible assets within the first quarter of
its  adoption.  The  Company  is in the  process  of  completing  this test and,
accordingly, has not yet determined what effect the adoption of this statement


                                       18
<PAGE>


will  have  on  its  financial  statements.   The  Company's  previous  business
combinations  were accounted for using the purchase  method.  As of December 31,
2001, the net carrying  amount of goodwill is $10,760,000  and other  intangible
assets is $4,038,000.  Amortization  of goodwill  during the year ended December
31, 2001 was $970,000.

       In  August  2001,  the  FASB  issued  FAS No.  144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment  or  Disposal  of  Long-Lived  Assets."  The  new  guidance  resolves
significant  implementation  issues related to FAS No. 121,  "Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived  Assets and for  Long-Lived  Assets to be Disposed Of."
FAS 144 supersedes FAS 121, but it retains its fundamental  provisions.  It also
amends Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51, Consolidated  Financial  Statements,
to eliminate  the  exception to  consolidate  a subsidiary  for which control is
likely to be temporary.  FAS 144 retains the requirement of FAS 121 to recognize
an impairment loss only if the carrying amount of a long-lived  asset within the
scope of FAS 144 is not recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows and exceeds
its fair value.

       FAS 144 is effective for fiscal years  beginning after December 15, 2001,
and  interim  periods  within  those  fiscal  years,   with  early   application
encouraged. The provisions of FAS 144 generally are to be applied prospectively.
The  Company  believes  that the  adoption  of FAS 144 will not have a  material
impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations.


ADDITIONAL FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS AND MARKET PRICE OF STOCK

              Blonder   Tongue's   business   operates  in  a  rapidly  changing
environment  that  involves  a number of risks,  some of which  are  beyond  the
Company's control. The following discussion highlights some of these risks which
are not otherwise  addressed  elsewhere in this Annual  Report.  There can be no
assurance that the Company will  anticipate the evolution of industry  standards
in CATV or the  communications  industry  generally,  changes  in the market and
customer needs, or that  technologies and applications  under development by the
Company will be successfully  developed,  or if they are successfully developed,
that they will achieve market acceptance.  The competition to attract and retain
highly-skilled engineering, manufacturing, marketing and managerial personnel is
intense.  Capital  spending by cable  operators  for  constructing,  rebuilding,
maintaining  or upgrading  their  systems  (upon which the  Company's  sales and
profitability  are  dependent)  is dependent on a variety of factors,  including
access  to  financing,   demand  for  their  cable  services,   availability  of
alternative  video  delivery  technologies,  and  general  economic  conditions.
Factors such as announcements  of  technological  innovations or new products by
the Company,  its  competitors  or third  parties,  quarterly  variations in the
Company's  actual or anticipated  results of operations,  market  conditions for
emerging  growth stocks or cable industry  stocks in general,  or the failure of
revenues  or  earnings  in  any  quarter  to  meet  the  investment  community's
expectations,  may cause  the  market  price of the  Company's  Common  Stock to
fluctuate significantly.  The stock price may also be affected by broader market
trends unrelated to the Company's performance.

ITEM 7A.      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

              The market risk  inherent in the Company's  financial  instruments
and  positions  represents  the potential  loss arising from adverse  changes in
interest  rates.  At  December  31,  2001 and 2000 the  principal  amount of the
Company's aggregate  outstanding  variable rate indebtedness was $15,308,000 and
$17,178,000,  respectively.  A hypothetical  1% adverse change in interest rates
would have had an  annualized  unfavorable  impact of  approximately  $7,191 and
$15,852, respectively, on the Company's earnings and cash flows based upon these
year-end  debt  levels.  At  December  31,  2001,  the  Company did not have any
derivative financial instruments.

ITEM 8.       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

              Incorporated   by  reference  from  the   consolidated   financial
statements and notes thereto of the Company which are attached hereto  beginning
on page 24.

ITEM  9.      CHANGES IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
              FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

              Not applicable.

                                       19
<PAGE>


                                    PART III

ITEMS 10. THROUGH 13.  INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

              The  information  called for by Item 10  "Directors  and Executive
Officers of the Registrant," Item 11 "Executive Compensation," Item 12 "Security
Ownership  of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management"  and Item 13 "Certain
Relationships and Related  Transactions" is incorporated  herein by reference to
the Company's  definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders
scheduled to be held May 3, 2002,  which  definitive proxy statement is expected
to be filed  with the  Commission  not later  than 120 days after the end of the
fiscal  year to  which  this  report  relates.  Note  that the  sections  in the
definitive  proxy  statement  entitled  "Report  of  Compensation  Committee  on
Executive Compensation Policies" and "Comparative Stock Performance" pursuant to
Regulation S-K, Item 402(a)(9),  are not deemed "soliciting material" or "filed"
as part of this report.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(A)(1)        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

       Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants ............. 25
       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 ... 26
       Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Years Ended
         December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ............................. 27
       Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years
         Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ....................... 28
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
         Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ....................... 29
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ..................... 30

(A)(2)   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

              Included in Part IV of this report:

              Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

              All other  schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting  regulations  of the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  are  not
required under the applicable  instructions  or are  inapplicable  and therefore
have been omitted.

(A)(3)   EXHIBITS

              The exhibits are listed in the Index to Exhibits  appearing  below
and are filed herewith or are  incorporated by reference to exhibits  previously
filed with the Commission.

(B)           No reports on Form 8-K were filed in the  quarter  ended  December
31, 2001.

                                       20
<PAGE>

(C)      EXHIBITS:

EXHIBIT #  DESCRIPTION                         LOCATION
---------  -----------                         --------

    3.1    Restated      Certificate      of   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Incorporation  of Blonder  Tongue   Exhibit 3.1 to  Registrant's  S-1
           Laboratories, Inc.                  Registration     Statement    No.
                                               33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
                                               as amended.

    3.2    Restated Bylaws of Blonder Tongue   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Laboratories, Inc.                  Exhibit 3.2 to  Registrant's  S-1
                                               Registration     Statement    No.
                                               33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
                                               as amended.

    4.1    Specimen of stock certificate       Incorporated  by  reference  from
                                               Exhibit 4.1 to  Registrant's  S-1
                                               Registration     Statement    No.
                                               33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
                                               as amended.

   10.1    Consulting    Agreement,    dated   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           January 1, 1995,  between Blonder   Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's  S-1
           Tongue  Laboratories,   Inc.  and   Registration     Statement    No.
           James H. Williams.                  33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
                                               as amended.

   10.2    1994 Incentive Stock Option Plan.   Incorporated  by  reference  from
                                               Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant's  S-1
                                               Registration     Statement    No.
                                               33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
                                               as amended.

   10.3    1995 Long Term Incentive Plan.      Incorporated  by  reference  from
                                               Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant's  S-1
                                               Registration     Statement    No.
                                               33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
                                               as amended.

   10.4    Amended   and    Restated    1996   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Director Option Plan.               Appendix B to Registrant's  Proxy
                                               Statement  for  its  1998  Annual
                                               Meeting  of  Stockholders,  filed
                                               March 27, 1998.

   10.5    Employment    Agreement,    dated   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           August 1, 1995,  between  Blonder   Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant's  S-1
           Tongue  Laboratories,   Inc.  and   Registration     Statement    No.
           Daniel J. Altiere.                  33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
                                               as amended.

   10.6    Form of Indemnification Agreement   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           entered  into by  Blonder  Tongue   Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant's S-1
           Laboratories,  Inc.  in  favor of   Registration     Statement    No.
           each   of   its   Directors   and   33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
           Officers.                           as amended.

   10.7    VideoCipher(R) IICM    Commercial   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Descrambler     Module     Master   Exhibit 10.11 to Registrant's S-1
           Purchase  and License  Agreement,   Registration     Statement    No.
           dated  August 23,  1990,  between   33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
           Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.   as amended.
           and   Cable/Home    Communication
           Corp.

  +10.8    Patent License  Agreement,  dated   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           August 21, 1995,  between Blonder   Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant's S-1
           Tongue  Laboratories,   Inc.  and   Registration     Statement    No.
           Philips Electronics North America   33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
           Corporation.                        as amended.

  +10.9    Interdiction  Technology  License   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Agreement, dated August 21, 1995,   Exhibit 10.13 to Registrant's S-1
           between       Blonder      Tongue   Registration     Statement    No.
           Laboratories,  Inc.  and  Philips   33-98070, filed October 12, 1995,
           Broadband Networks, Inc.            as amended.

                                      21
<PAGE>


EXHIBIT #  DESCRIPTION                         LOCATION
---------  -----------                         --------
  10.10    401(k)   Savings   &   Investment   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Retirement Plan.                    Exhibit 10.21 to S-1 Registration
                                               Statement  No.  33-98070,   filed
                                               October 12, 1995, as amended.

  10.11    Bargaining Unit Pension Plan.       Incorporated  by  reference  from
                                               Exhibit 10.22 to S-1 Registration
                                               Statement  No.  33-98070,   filed
                                               October 12, 1995, as amended.

  10.12    Mortgage,  Assignment  of Leases,   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           and Security  Agreement dated May   Exhibit   10.2  to   Registrant's
           23,   1996  by   Blonder   Tongue   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           Laboratories,  Inc.  in  favor of   the period  ended June 30,  1996,
           CoreStates Bank, N.A.,  successor   filed August 14, 1996.
           to Meridian Bank.

  10.13    Real  Estate  Loan Note dated May   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           23,  1996  from  Blonder   Tongue   Exhibit   10.3  to   Registrant's
           Laboratories,  Inc.  in  favor of   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           CoreStates Bank, N.A.,  successor   the period  ended June 30,  1996,
           to Meridian Bank.                   filed August 14, 1996.

  10.14    Allonge to Real Estate Loan Note,   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           dated  September  26,  1996  from   Exhibit   10.3  to   Registrant's
           Blonder   Tongue    Laboratories,   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           Inc.,   in  favor  of  CoreStates   the period  ended  September  30,
           Bank, N.A., successor to Meridian   1996, filed November 14, 1996.
           Bank.

  10.15    Executive Officer Bonus Plan        Incorporated  by  reference  from
                                               Exhibit   10.3  to   Registrant's
                                               Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
                                               the period  ended March 31, 1997,
                                               filed May 13, 1997.


  10.16    Third Amendment to 1995 Long Term   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Incentive Plan                      Appendix A to Registrant's  Proxy
                                               Statement  for  its  2000  Annual
                                               Meeting  of  Stockholders,  filed
                                               April 4, 2000.

  10.17    Fifth  Amended and Restated  Loan   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Agreement dated November 12, 1999   Exhibit  10.18  to   Registrant's
           between       Blonder      Tongue   Annual  Report  on Form  10-K for
           Laboratories,   Inc.   and  First   fiscal  year ended  December  31,
           Union National Bank                 1999, filed March 30, 2000.

  10.18    Third Allonge to Real Estate Note   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           dated   November  12,  1999  from   Exhibit  10.20  to   Registrant's
           Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.   Annual  Report  on Form  10-K for
           to First Union National Bank        fiscal  year ended  December  31,
                                               1999, filed March 30, 2000.

  10.19    Term Note dated November 12, 1999   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           by Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,   Exhibit  10.21  to   Registrant's
           Inc.  in  favor  of  First  Union   Annual  Report  on Form  10-K for
           National Bank                       fiscal  year ended  December  31,
                                               1999, filed March 30, 2000.

  10.20    First  Amendment  and  Waiver  to   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Fifth  Amended and Restated  Loan   Exhibit   10.1  to   Registrant's
           Agreement dated March 24, 2000      Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
                                               the period  ended March 31, 2000,
                                               filed May 12, 2000.

  10.21    Second  Restatement  of the Fifth   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Amended  and  Restated   Line  of   Exhibit   10.1  to   Registrant's
           Credit  Note  dated as of  August   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           11, 2000                            the period  ended  September  30,
                                               2000, filed November 14, 2000.

  10.22    Second  Amendment  and  Waiver to   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Fifth  Amended and Restated  Loan   Exhibit   10.2  to   Registrant's
           Agreement  dated as of August 11,   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           2000                                the period  ended  September  30,
                                               2000, filed November 14, 2000.

                                       22
<PAGE>


EXHIBIT #  DESCRIPTION                         LOCATION
---------  -----------                         --------
  10.23    Second  Amendment  to  Consulting   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           and   Non-Competition   Agreement   Exhibit   10.1  to   Registrant's
           between  Registrant  and James H.   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           Williams,  dated  as of June  30,   the period  ended June 30,  2000,
           2000.                               filed August 14, 2000.

  10.24    Fourth Amendment to Fifth Amended   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           and Restated Loan Agreement dated   Exhibit   10.1  to   Registrant's
           as  of  March  27,  2001  between   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.   the period  ended March 31, 2001,
           and First Union National Bank.      filed May 14, 2001.

  10.25    Waiver dated August 13, 2001,  to   Incorporated  by  reference  from
           Fifth  Amended and  Restate  Loan   Exhibit   10.1  to   Registrant's
           Agreement  between Blonder Tongue   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           Laboratories,   Inc.   and  First   the period  ended  September  30,
           Union National Bank.                2001, filed November 14, 2001.

    21     Subsidiaries  of  Blonder  Tongue   Filed herewith.
           Laboratories, Inc.

    23     Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP         Filed herewith.

----------
    + Certain portions of exhibit have been afforded  confidential  treatment by
      the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(D)   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES:

      Report of BDO Seidman, LLP on financial statement schedule.

      The following  financial statement schedule is included on page 45 of this
      Annual Report on Form 10-K: Schedule II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
      and Reserves

      All  other  schedules  for  which  provision  is  made  in the  applicable
accounting  regulations  of the Commission are not required under the applicable
instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted.

                                       23
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                            PAGE
Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants .......................... 25
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 ................ 26
Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Years Ended
  December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 .......................................... 27
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years
  Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 .................................... 28
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
  December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 .......................................... 29
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .................................. 30

                                       24
<PAGE>


               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
               --------------------------------------------------


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets of Blonder Tongue
Laboratories,  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 and the
related consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flows
for each of the  three  years in the  period  ended  December  31,  2001.  These
financial  statements are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2001 in conformity with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.




BDO Seidman, LLP
Woodbridge, New Jersey

February 22, 2002, except for Note 4 which is dated March 20, 2002


                                       25
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                               December 31,
                                                           --------------------
                                                             2001        2000
                                                           --------    --------
              ASSETS (Note 4)
Current assets:
  Cash ..................................................  $    942    $    363
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
  accounts of $1,833 and $1,424 respectively (Note 8) ...     8,564       7,125
  Inventories, net (Note 2) .............................    30,216      26,333
  Other current assets ..................................       932       3,264
  Deferred income taxes (Note 12) .......................     1,746       1,804
                                                           --------    --------
    Total current assets ................................    42,400      38,889
Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated
  depreciation and amortization (Notes 3 and 5) .........     7,137       7,644
Patents, net ............................................     3,454       3,943
Goodwill, net ...........................................    10,760      11,730
Other assets ............................................       585         628
Deferred income taxes (Note 12) .........................        50
                                                           --------    --------
                                                           $ 64,386    $ 62,834
                                                           ========    ========
              LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Revolving line of credit (Note 4) .....................  $     --    $  2,250
  Current portion of long-term debt (Note 4) ............     2,917       4,382
  Accounts payable ......................................     6,672       2,833
  Accrued compensation ..................................       867       1,143
  Accrued benefit liability .............................       270          --
  Other accrued expenses ................................       218         659
  Income taxes ..........................................       202         468
                                                           --------    --------
    Total current liabilities ...........................    11,146      11,735
                                                           --------    --------
Deferred income taxes (Note 12) .........................        --         201
Long-term debt (Note 4) .................................    13,278      11,802
Commitments and contingencies (Notes 5, 6 and 7) ........        --          --
Stockholders' equity (Notes 9 and 11):
  Preferred stock, $.001 par value; authorized
  5,000 shares; no shares outstanding ...................        --          --
  Common stock, $.001 par value; authorized
  25,000 shares, 8,444 shares issued ....................         8           8
  Paid-in capital .......................................    24,143      24,143
  Retained earnings .....................................    22,448      21,231
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 6) .........      (351)         --
  Treasury stock, at cost, 831 shares (Note 9) ..........    (6,286)     (6,286)
                                                           --------    --------
    Total stockholders' equity ..........................    39,962      39,096
                                                           --------    --------
                                                           $ 64,386    $ 62,834
                                                           ========    ========

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       26
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS
                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                             ----------------------------------
                                               2001         2000         1999
                                             --------     --------     --------

Net sales (Note 8) .......................   $ 53,627     $ 70,196     $ 56,805
Cost of goods sold .......................     36,928       46,974       39,074
                                             --------     --------     --------
    Gross profit .........................     16,699       23,222       17,731
                                             --------     --------     --------
Operating expenses:
    Selling expenses .....................      5,009        5,943        6,025
    General and administrative ...........      6,200        7,629        7,573
    Research and development .............      2,200        2,125        2,070
                                             --------     --------     --------
                                               13,409       15,697       15,668
                                             --------     --------     --------
Earnings from operations .................      3,290        7,525        2,063
                                             --------     --------     --------

Other income (expense):
    Interest expense .....................     (1,369)      (1,948)      (2,008)
    Other income .........................         --           10            6
                                             --------     --------     --------
                                               (1,369)      (1,938)      (2,002)
                                             --------     --------     --------
Earnings before income taxes .............      1,921        5,587           61
Provision for income taxes (Note 12) .....        704        2,011            2
                                             --------     --------     --------
    Net earnings .........................   $  1,217     $  3,576     $     59
                                             ========     ========     ========
Basic earnings per share (Note 10) .......   $   0.16     $   0.47     $   0.01
                                             ========     ========     ========
Basic weighted average shares
  outstanding (Note 10) ..................      7,613        7,620        7,916
                                             ========     ========     ========
Diluted earnings per share (Note 10) .....   $   0.16     $   0.47     $   0.01
                                             ========     ========     ========
Diluted weighted average shares
  outstanding (Note 10) ..................      7,637        7,632        7,958
                                             ========     ========     ========

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       27
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                    Common Stock                                 Other
                                                 ------------------     Paid-in     Retained  Comprehensive  Treasury
                                                 Shares      Amount     Capital     Earnings      Loss        Stock          Total
                                                 ------     -------     -------     -------     -------      --------      --------
<S>                                               <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance at January 1, 1999 ..................     8,370     $     8     $23,743     $17,596     $    --      $   (851)     $ 40,496
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options ...        22          --         127          --          --            --           127
  Acquisition of treasury stock .............        --          --          --          --          --        (5,435)       (5,435)
  Net earnings ..............................        --          --          --          59          --            --            59
                                                  -----     -------     -------     -------     -------      --------      --------
Balance at December 31, 1999 ................     8,392           8      23,870      17,655          --        (6,286)       35,247

  Proceeds from exercise of stock options ...        52          --         273          --          --            --           273
  Net earnings ..............................        --          --          --       3,576          --            --         3,576
                                                  -----     -------     -------     -------     -------      --------      --------
Balance at December 31, 2000 ................     8,444           8      24,143      21,231          --        (6,286)       39,096

Net earnings ................................        --          --          --       1,217          --            --         1,217
Unrecognized pension liability,
  net of tax (Note 6) .......................        --          --          --          --        (351)           --          (351)
                                                                                                                           --------
Comprehensive income ........................                                                                                   866
                                                  -----     -------     -------     -------     -------      --------      --------
Balance at December 31, 2001 ................     8,444     $     8     $24,143     $22,448     $  (351)     $ (6,286)     $ 39,962
                                                  =====     =======     =======     =======     =======      ========      ========
</TABLE>

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       28
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                    --------------------------
                                                     2001      2000      1999
                                                    ------    ------    ------

Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
  Net earnings .................................... $1,217    $3,576    $   59
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash
  provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation ..................................  1,310     1,464     1,464
    Amortization ..................................  1,502     1,537     1,530
    Provision for inventory reserves ..............    540       211       119
    Provision for doubtful accounts ...............    307       741     1,043
    Deferred income taxes .........................      4      (570)       67
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable ......................... (1,746)    2,103     4,976
      Inventories ................................. (4,423)      249    (2,695)
      Other current assets ........................  2,054    (1,257)   (1,410)
      Other assets ................................     43        --       (47)
      Income taxes ................................   (266)      154        44
      Accounts payable and accrued expenses .......  3,169    (1,952)    2,233
                                                    ------    ------    ------
        Net cash provided by operating activities .  3,711     6,256     7,383
                                                    ------    ------    ------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
     Capital expenditures .........................   (803)     (368)   (1,197)
     Acquisition of licenses ......................     --      (501)       --
                                                    ------    ------    ------
        Net cash used in investing activities .....   (803)     (869)   (1,197)
                                                    ------    ------    ------
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
  Net borrowings (repayments) under
    revolving line of credit ......................  2,117      (922)    1,345
  Repayments of long-term debt .................... (4,356)   (4,423)   (2,717)
  Deferred financing costs ........................    (90)       --        --
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options .........     --       273       127
  Acquisition of treasury stock ...................     --        --    (5,435)
                                                    ------    ------    ------
        Net cash used in financing activities ..... (2,329)   (5,072)   (6,680)
                                                    ------    ------    ------
Net increase (decrease) in cash ...................    579       315      (494)
Cash, beginning of year ...........................    363        48       542
                                                    ------    ------    ------
Cash, end of year ................................. $  942    $  363    $   48
                                                    ======    ======    ======
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
  Cash paid for interest .......................... $1,447    $1,955    $2,025
  Cash paid for income taxes ......................    966     2,070       660
                                                    ======    ======    ======
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
  Capital lease obligations ....................... $   --    $   --    $  965

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       29
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

(A)      COMPANY AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

         Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc.  (the  "COMPANY")  is a  designer,
manufacturer  and supplier of  electronics  and systems  equipment for the cable
television  industry,  primarily  throughout the United States. The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Blonder Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc.
and  subsidiaries  as discussed  below.  Significant  intercompany  accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

(B)      INVENTORIES

         Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost,  determined  by the
first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method, or market.

(C)      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

         Property,  plant and equipment are stated at cost. The Company provides
for  depreciation  generally on the  straight-line  method based upon  estimated
useful lives of 3 to 5 years for office  equipment,  5 to 7 years for  furniture
and  fixtures,  6 to 10 years for machinery  and  equipment,  10 to 15 years for
building  improvements  and 40 years for the  manufacturing  and  administrative
office facility.

(D)      INCOME TAXES

         The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of Statement
of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 109,  "Accounting  for Income  Taxes."
Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary  differences in the recognition
of  certain  income and  expenses  for  financial  and tax  reporting  purposes.
Valuation  allowances  are  established  when  necessary to reduce  deferred tax
assets to the amount expected to be realized.

(E)      INTANGIBLE ASSETS

         Intangible  assets, net totaling $14,799 and $16,301 as of December 31,
2001 and 2000,  respectively,  consist of goodwill,  prepaid licensing fees, and
acquired patent rights,  and are carried at cost less accumulated  amortization.
Amortization is computed  utilizing the straight-line  method over the estimated
useful life of the respective asset, 3 to 15 years. Accumulated amortization was
$6,628 and $5,126 for 2001 and 2000, respectively.

(F)      LONG-LIVED ASSETS

         The Company  follows  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No.
121,  "Accounting  for the  Impairment of Long-Lived  Assets and for  Long-Lived
Assets to Be Disposed Of" ("SFAS 121").  SFAS 121  standardized  the  accounting
practices for the recognition  and  measurement of impairment  losses on certain
long-lived assets based on non-discounted  cash flows. No impairment losses have
been recorded through December 31, 2001.

(G)      STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

         For purposes of the consolidated  statements of cash flows, the Company
considers all highly liquid debt  instruments with a maturity of less than three
months at  purchase  to be cash  equivalents.  The Company did not have any cash
equivalents at December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

(H)      RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

         Research and development  expenditures  for the Company's  projects are
expensed as incurred.

                                       30
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


(I)      REVENUE RECOGNITION

         The Company  records  revenues when products are shipped.  Customers do
not have a right to return products  shipped.  The Company provides an allowance
for doubtful accounts on an estimated basis.

(J)      EARNINGS PER SHARE

         Earnings per share are  calculated  in  accordance  with the  Financial
Accounting  Standards Board issued Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No. 128,  "Earnings per Share" ("SFAS 128"),  which provides for the calculation
of "basic" and "diluted"  earnings per share.  Basic earnings per share includes
no dilution and is computed by dividing  net  earnings by the  weighted  average
number of common shares  outstanding for the period.  Diluted earnings per share
reflect,  in periods in which they have a dilutive effect,  the effect of common
shares issuable upon exercise of stock options.

(K)      TREASURY STOCK

         Treasury Stock is recorded at cost. Gains and losses on disposition are
recorded as increases or decreases to additional  paid-in capital with losses in
excess of previously recorded gains charged directly to retained earnings.

(L)      DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

         The  Company  utilizes  interest  rate  swaps to manage  interest  rate
exposures.  The Company specifically designates interest rate swaps as hedges of
debt  instruments  and  recognizes  interest  differentials  as  adjustments  to
interest  expense in the period they occur.  The Company  does not hold or issue
financial instruments for trading purposes.

(M)      SIGNIFICANT RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

         The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that  affect the  reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and
disclosure of  contingent  assets and  liabilities  at the date of the financial
statements  and the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

         Approximately  56% of the  Company's  employees  are covered by a three
year collective bargaining agreement, which expires in February 2005.

         The Company estimates that headend products accounted for approximately
52% of the  Company's  revenues  in  2001,  40% in  2000  and 60% in  1999.  Any
substantial  decrease in sales of headend products could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's  results of operations,  financial  condition,  and cash
flows.

         The Company  purchases  several  products from sole suppliers for which
alternative   sources  are  not  available,   such  as  the  VideoCipher(R)  and
DigiCipher(R)  encryption  systems  manufactured  by Motorola,  Inc.,  which are
standard   encryption   methodologies   employed  on  U.S.  C-Band  and  Ku-Band
transponders and Hughes Network Systems digital satellite receivers for delivery
of DIRECTV(TM) programming.  An inability to timely obtain sufficient quantities
of these  components  could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
operating  results.  The Company does not have a supply agreement with Motorola,
Inc. or any other supplier. The Company submits purchase orders to its suppliers
on an as-needed basis.

(N)      SHIPPING AND HANDLING COSTS

         Shipping  and  handling  costs are  recorded as a component  of selling
expenses. Revenues from shipping and handling are not significant.

                                       31
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


(O)      NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

                  In  June  1998,  the  Financial   Accounting  Standards  Board
("FASB")  issued  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standard  ("FAS") No. 133,
"Accounting  for Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities."  FAS 133 was
adopted by the Company on January 1, 2001.  FAS 133 requires that all derivative
instruments be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value.  Changes in the fair
value of  derivatives  are  recorded  each  period in current  earnings or other
comprehensive income, depending on whether a derivative is designated as part of
the hedge  transaction and the type of hedge  transaction.  In August,  2001 the
Company  terminated a previous  interest rate swap agreement and recorded $82 in
additional  interest expense.  At December 31, 2001 the Company did not have any
derivative  financial  instruments.  The adoption of this  pronouncement did not
have a  material  effect on the  Company's  financial  position  or  results  of
operations.

         In July 2001, the FASB issued FAS No. 141, "Business  Combinations" and
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." FAS 141 requires the use of the
purchase method of accounting and prohibits the use of the  pooling-of-interests
method of accounting for business  combinations  initiated  after June 30, 2001.
FAS 142 addresses  financial  accounting and reporting for acquired goodwill and
other intangible assets. FAS 142 requires, among other things, that companies no
longer  amortize  goodwill,  but instead test  goodwill for  impairment at least
annually.  FAS 142 is required to be applied for fiscal  years  beginning  after
December 15,  2001.  This  statement  also  requires  that  entities  complete a
transitional  goodwill  impairment test six months from the date of adoption and
reassess the useful lives of other intangible assets within the first quarter of
its  adoption.  The  Company  is in the  process  of  completing  this test and,
accordingly,  has not yet determined  what effect the adoption of this statement
will  have  on  its  financial  statements.   The  Company's  previous  business
combinations  were accounted for using the purchase  method.  As of December 31,
2001, the net carrying amount of goodwill is $10,760 and other intangible assets
is $4,038.  Amortization of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2001 was
$970.

         In August  2001,  the FASB  issued  FAS No.  144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment  or  Disposal  of  Long-Lived  Assets."  The  new  guidance  resolves
significant  implementation  issues related to FAS No. 121,  "Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived  Assets and for  Long-Lived  Assets to be Disposed Of."
FAS 144 supersedes FAS 121, but it retains its fundamental  provisions.  It also
amends Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51, Consolidated  Financial  Statements,
to eliminate  the  exception to  consolidate  a subsidiary  for which control is
likely to be temporary.  FAS 144 retains the requirement of FAS 121 to recognize
an impairment loss only if the carrying amount of a long-lived  asset within the
scope of FAS 144 is not recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows and exceeds
its fair value.

         FAS 144 is effective  for fiscal  years  beginning  after  December 15,
2001,  and interim  periods  within those fiscal years,  with early  application
encouraged. The provisions of FAS 144 generally are to be applied prospectively.
The  Company  believes  that the  adoption  of FAS 144 will not have a  material
impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations.


NOTE 2 - INVENTORIES

Inventories, net of reserves, are summarized as follows:

                                                                  December 31,
                                                              ------------------
                                                                2001       2000
                                                              -------    -------

Raw materials ............................................    $13,071    $11,346
Work in process ..........................................      2,797      3,261
Finished goods ...........................................     14,348     11,726
                                                              -------    -------
                                                              $30,216    $26,333
                                                              =======    =======

                                       32
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


NOTE 3 - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property, plant and equipment are summarized as follows:

                                                                 December 31,
                                                             ------------------
                                                               2001       2000
                                                             -------    -------
Land .....................................................   $ 1,000    $ 1,000
Building .................................................     3,361      3,361
Machinery and equipment ..................................     7,365      6,817
Furniture and fixtures ...................................       398        398
Office equipment .........................................     1,713      1,482
Building improvements ....................................       640        616
                                                             -------    -------
                                                              14,477     13,674
Less:  Accumulated depreciation and amortization .........    (7,340)    (6,030)
                                                             -------    -------
                                                             $ 7,137    $ 7,644
                                                             =======    =======

NOTE 4 - DEBT

                  During 2001,  the Company  commenced  efforts to refinance its
line of credit with First  Union,  and on March 20, 2002 the Company  executed a
credit  agreement  with  Commerce  Bank,  N.A.  for a $19,500  credit  facility,
comprised  of (i) a $7,000  revolving  line of credit  under  which funds may be
borrowed  at LIBOR,  plus a margin  ranging  from  1.75% to 2.50%,  in each case
depending on the calculation of certain financial covenants,  with a floor of 5%
through March 30, 2003,  (ii) a $9,000 term loan which bears  interest at a rate
of 6.75% through September 30, 2002, and thereafter at a fixed rate ranging from
6.50% to 7.25%  to reset  quarterly  depending  on the  calculation  of  certain
financial  covenants and (iii) a $3,500 mortgage loan bearing  interest at 7.5%.
Borrowings under the revolving line of credit are limited to certain percentages
of  eligible  accounts  receivable  and  inventory,  as  defined  in the  credit
agreement.  The credit facility is  collateralized by a security interest in all
of the Company's assets.  The agreement also contains  restrictions that require
the Company to maintain certain  financial ratios as well as restrictions on the
payment of cash  dividends.  The  maturity  date of the new line of credit  with
Commerce Bank is March 20, 2004. The term loan requires equal monthly  principal
payments of $187 and matures on March 20, 2006. The mortgage loan requires equal
monthly  principal  payments of $19 and matures on March 20, 2017.  The mortgage
loan is callable after five years at the lender's option.

                  Upon  execution of the credit  agreement  with Commerce  Bank,
$14,954 was advanced to the Company, of which $14,827 was used to pay all unpaid
principal and accrued interest under the Company's prior line of credit and term
loans with First Union National Bank ("FIRST UNION").

                  As a result of the new credit agreement,  the First Union debt
has been reflected based on the new terms in the accompanying balance sheet.

                  Prior to March 20,  2002,  the Company had a $5,500  revolving
line of credit  with First  Union on which funds could be borrowed at either the
bank's base rate plus a margin ranging from 0% to .625%, or LIBOR, plus a margin
ranging from 1.50% to 2.625%,  in each case  depending  upon the  calculation of
certain financial  covenants (5.25% at December 31, 2001). At December 31, 2001,
the Company  had $4,367  outstanding  under the First Union line of credit.  The
agreement  contained  restrictions that required the Company to maintain certain
financial  ratios as well as  restrictions  on the  payment  of  dividends.  The
Company also had, prior to March 20, 2002, two outstanding term loans with First
Union (Old Term Loan A and Old Term Loan B) which accrued interest at a variable
interest rate. At December 31, 2001, the aggregate amount outstanding under both
term loans was $10,941.

                  At June 30,  2001,  September  30, 2001 and December 31, 2001,
the  Company was unable to meet  certain of its  financial  covenants  under the
First Union credit agreement, compliance with which was waived by First Union as
of June 30, 2001 and September 30, 2001.  Also, in November  2001,  the maturity
date of the First

                                       33
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


Union line of credit was  extended  until March 31, 2002 and the Company  agreed
that one of the financial  covenants  which had previously been deleted from the
credit  agreement  would again become  effective  as of December  31, 2001.  The
average  amount  outstanding  on the line of credit  during 2001 was $3,661 at a
weighted average  interest rate of 7.02%. The maximum amount  outstanding on the
line of credit during 2001 was $5,183.

                  The fair value of the debt  approximates  the  recorded  value
based on the borrowing rates  currently  available to the Company for loans with
similar terms and maturities.

Long-term debt consists of the following:

                                                                 December 31,
                                                             ------------------
                                                               2001       2000
                                                             -------    -------

Revolving Line of Credit .................................   $ 4,367    $    --
Term Loan ................................................     9,000         --
Mortgage loan ............................................     1,941         --
Old Term Loan B ..........................................        --      1,944
Old Term Loan A ..........................................        --     12,983
Capital leases (Note 5) ..................................       887      1,257
                                                             -------    -------
                                                              16,195     16,184
Less:  Current portion ...................................    (2,917)    (4,382)
                                                             -------    -------
                                                             $13,278    $11,802
                                                             =======    =======

         Annual maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2001 are:

2002.......................  $  2,917
2003.......................     2,632
2004.......................     7,008
2005.......................     2,649
2006.......................       989
Thereafter.................         -
                             ---------
                             $ 16,195
                             =========

NOTE 5 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

LEASES

                  The Company  leases certain  factory and automotive  equipment
under  noncancellable   operating  leases  expiring  at  various  dates  through
December, 2006.

                                       34
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


                  Future   minimum   rental    payments,    required   for   all
noncancellable leases are as follows:

                                                             Capital   Operating
                                                             -------    -------
2002 .....................................................   $   327    $    78
2003 .....................................................       194         58
2004 .....................................................       191         12
2005 .....................................................       186         --
2006 .....................................................       157         --
Thereafter ...............................................        --         --
                                                             -------    -------
Total future minimum lease payments ......................     1,055    $   148
                                                                        =======
Less:  amounts representing interest .....................       168
                                                             -------
Present value of minimum lease payments ..................   $   887
                                                             =======

                  Property,  plant and equipment included  capitalized leases of
$2,552,  less  accumulated  amortization  of $1,477,  at December 31, 2001,  and
capitalized  leases of $2,514,  less  accumulated  amortization  of  $1,149,  at
December 31, 2000.

                  Rent  expense  was  $111,  $160 and $217 for the  years  ended
December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

LITIGATION

                  The Company is a party to certain  proceedings  incidental  to
the ordinary  course of its business,  none of which,  in the current opinion of
management,  is  likely  to have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

NOTE 6 - BENEFIT PLANS

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLAN

                  The Company has a defined  contribution plan covering all full
time non-union  employees qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue
Code, in which the Company matches a portion of an employee's  salary  deferral.
The Company's contributions to this plan were $208, $185, and $254 for the years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLAN

                  Substantially   all   union   employees   who   meet   certain
requirements  of age, length of service and hours worked per year are covered by
a Company sponsored non-contributory defined benefit pension plan. Benefits paid
to retirees are based upon age at retirement and years of credited service.  Net
periodic pension cost for this plan includes the following components:

                                                           December 31,
                                                    ---------------------------
Components of net periodic pension cost: ......      2001       2000       1999
                                                    -----      -----      -----
Service cost ..................................     $ 155      $ 121      $ 121
Interest cost .................................       116         80         76
Actual return on plan assets ..................      (105)      (148)       (29)
Recognized net actuarial (gain) loss ..........        27         63        (33)
                                                    -----      -----      -----
Net periodic pension cost .....................     $ 193      $ 116      $ 135
                                                    =====      =====      =====

                                       35
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


                  The funded status of the plan and the amounts  recorded in the
Company's consolidated balance sheets are as follows:

                                                                 December 31,
                                                             ------------------
                                                               2001       2000
                                                             -------    -------
         Change in benefit obligation:
         Benefit obligation at beginning of year ..........  $ 1,299    $ 1,248
         Service cost .....................................      155        121
         Interest cost ....................................      116         80
         Actuarial (gain) loss ............................      369        (87)
         Benefits paid ....................................      (34)       (63)
                                                             -------    -------
         Benefit obligation at end of year ................    1,905      1,299
                                                             -------    -------

         Change in plan assets:
         Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year ...    1,427      1,158
         Actual return on plan assets .....................       (9)       148
         Employer contribution ............................      191        184
         Benefits paid ....................................      (34)       (63)
                                                             -------    -------
         Fair value of plan assets at end of year .........    1,575      1,427
                                                             -------    -------
         Funded status.....................................     (329)       129
         Unrecognized net actuarial loss ..................      694        209
         Unrecognized net transition liability ............      (50)       (60)
                                                             -------    -------
         Prepaid benefit cost .............................  $   315    $   278
                                                             =======    =======


Key economic assumptions used in these determinations were:

                                                                 December 31,
                                                             ------------------
                                                               2001       2000
                                                             -------    -------
         Discount rate ....................................      7.0%       7.0%
         Expected long-term rate of return ................      7.0%       7.0%

                  During  2001,  the Company  recorded an  unrecognized  pension
liability of $351 as an  accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss  adjustment  to
stockholders'  equity.  This amount represents a portion of the unrecognized net
actuarial loss for the year ending December 31, 2001.

NOTE 7 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

                  On January 1, 1995, the Company  entered into a consulting and
non-competition  agreement  with a  director,  who is also  the  second  largest
stockholder.  Under the agreement,  the director provides consulting services on
various operational and financial issues and is currently paid at an annual rate
of $158 but in no event is such  annual  rate  permitted  to  exceed  $200.  The
director also agreed to keep all Company  information  confidential and will not
compete  directly or  indirectly  with the Company for the term of the agreement
and for a period of two years  thereafter.  The initial  term of this  Agreement
expires on December 31, 2004 and automatically  renews thereafter for successive
one-year  terms  (subject to  termination  at the end of the initial term or any
renewal term on at least 90 days' notice).

                                       36
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


NOTE 8 - CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

                  Financial  instruments that potentially subject the Company to
significant  concentrations of credit risk consist  principally of cash deposits
and trade accounts receivable.

                  The Company  maintains  cash balances at several banks located
in the northeastern United States. As part of its cash management  process,  the
Company periodically reviews the relative credit standing of these banks.

                  Credit  risk with  respect  to trade  accounts  receivable  is
concentrated with five of the Company's customers. These customers accounted for
approximately 29% and 35% of the Company's outstanding trade accounts receivable
at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. These customers are distributors of
telecommunications  and private cable  television  components,  and providers of
franchise and private cable  television  service.  The Company  performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition,  uses credit insurance
and requires collateral, such as letters of credit, to mitigate its credit risk.
The  deterioration  of the  financial  condition  of one or  more  of its  major
customers could  adversely  impact the Company's  operations.  From time to time
where the Company determines that circumstances warrant, such as when a customer
agrees to commit to a large blanket  purchase order, the Company extends payment
terms beyond its standard payment terms.

                  For the year ended  December 31, 2001,  the Company's  largest
customer  accounted for  approximately 14% of the Company's sales. This customer
also  accounted for  approximately  11% of the  Company's  sales in 2000 and for
approximately  14% of the Company's  sales in 1999.  At December 31, 2001,  this
customer  accounted for  approximately  11% of the Company's  outstanding  trade
accounts receivable. At December 31, 2001, two other customers accounted for 12%
and 11%,  respectively,  of the Company's outstanding trade accounts receivable.
Management  believes  these  amounts  to be  collectible.  For the  year  ending
December 31, 2000, the Company's  largest customer  accounted for  approximately
29% of the Company's sales.

NOTE 9 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                  On May 17, 1999, the Company  commenced a self tender offer to
purchase 750 shares of its common stock at a purchase  price  ranging from $6.00
to $8.00  per  share.  As of June 22,  1999,  approximately  1,600  shares  were
tendered  and the Company  accepted  750 shares for purchase at a price of $7.00
per share.  The stock  repurchase  was funded by a combination  of the Company's
cash on hand and borrowings against its revolving line of credit.

                                       37
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


NOTE 10 - EARNINGS PER SHARE

                  Basic  and  diluted  earnings  per share for each of the three
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 are calculated as follows:


                                            Net Income       Shares    Per Share
                                            (Numerator)  (Denominator)  Amount
                                           -------------------------------------

For the year ended December 31, 2001:

   Basic earnings per share                    $1,217        7,613        $0.16
   Effect of assumed conversion of
   employee stock options                          --           24           --
                                               --------------------------------

   Diluted earnings per share                  $1,217        7,637        $0.16
                                               ================================


For the year ended December 31, 2000:

   Basic earnings per share                    $3,576        7,620        $0.47
   Effect of assumed conversion of
   employee stock options                          --           12           --
                                               --------------------------------

   Diluted earnings per share                  $3,576        7,632        $0.47
                                               ================================


For the year ended December 31, 1999:

   Basic earnings per share                    $   59        7,916        $0.01
   Effect of assumed conversion of
   employee stock options                          --           42           --
                                               --------------------------------

   Diluted earnings per share                  $   59        7,958        $0.01
                                               ================================


                  The diluted  share base  excludes  incremental  shares of 888,
850, and 837 related to stock options and a warrant for December 31, 2001,  2000
and 1999,  respectively.  These shares were  excluded due to their  antidilutive
effect.

NOTE 11 - STOCK OPTION PLANS

                  In 1994,  the Company  established  the 1994  Incentive  Stock
Option  Plan (the "1994  PLAN").  The 1994 Plan  provides  for the  granting  of
Incentive  Stock  Options to purchase  shares of the  Company's  common stock to
officers and key employees at a price not less than the fair market value at the
date of  grant as  determined  by the  compensation  committee  of the  Board of
Directors.  The maximum  number of shares  available for issuance under the plan
was 298. Options become exercisable as determined by the compensation  committee
of the Board of  Directors at the date of grant.  Options  expire ten years from
the date of grant.

                                       38
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


                  In  October,  1995,  the  Company's  Board  of  Directors  and
stockholders  approved the 1995 Long Term Incentive Plan (the "1995 PLAN").  The
1995 Plan provides for grants of "incentive stock options" or nonqualified stock
options,  and awards of  restricted  stock,  to  executives  and key  employees,
including officers and employee Directors.  The 1995 Plan is administered by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which determines the optionees
and the terms of the options granted under the 1995 Plan, including the exercise
price, number of shares subject to the option and the exercisability thereof, as
well as the recipients and number of shares awarded for restricted stock awards;
provided,  however,  that no employee may receive  stock  options or  restricted
stock  awards  which  would  result,  separately  or  in  combination,   in  the
acquisition  of more than 100 shares of Common  Stock of the  Company  under the
1995 Plan. The exercise price of incentive  stock options granted under the 1995
Plan must be equal to at least the fair market  value of the Common Stock on the
date of grant.  With respect to any optionee  who owns stock  representing  more
than 10% of the voting power of all classes of the Company's outstanding capital
stock,  the  exercise  price of any  incentive  stock option must be equal to at
least 110% of the fair  market  value of the Common  Stock on the date of grant,
and the term of the  option  may not exceed  five  years.  The term of all other
incentive  stock  options  granted under the 1995 Plan may not exceed ten years.
The aggregate  fair market value of Common Stock  (determined  as of the date of
the option  grant) for which an  incentive  stock  option may for the first time
become  exercisable in any calendar year may not exceed $100. The exercise price
for nonqualified stock options is established by the Compensation Committee, and
may be more or less than the fair market  value of the Common  Stock on the date
of grant.

                  Stockholders have previously approved a total of 900 shares of
common stock for issuance under the 1995 Plan, as amended to date.

                  In May, 1998,  the  stockholders  of the Company  approved the
Amended and Restated 1996 Director Option Plan (the "AMENDED 1996 PLAN").  Under
the  plan,  Directors  who are not  currently  employed  by the  Company  or any
subsidiary of the Company and have not been so employed within the preceding six
months are eligible to receive  options from time to time to purchase the number
of shares of Common Stock  determined by the Board in its discretion;  provided,
however,  that no Director is permitted to receive options to purchase more than
5 shares of Common Stock in any one calendar  year.  The exercise price for such
shares is the fair market  value  thereof on the date of grant,  and the options
vest as determined in each case by the Board of Directors. Options granted under
the Amended 1996 Plan must be exercised  within 10 years from the date of grant.
A maximum  of 100  shares of Common  Stock are  subject  to  issuance  under the
Amended 1996 Plan. The plan is administered by the Board of Directors.

                  In  1996,   the  Board  of   Directors   granted  a  non-plan,
non-qualified option for 10 shares to an individual,  who was not an employee or
director  of the  Company  at the time of the grant.  The option was  originally
exercisable at $10.25 per share and expires in 2006. This option was repriced to
$6.88 per share on September 17, 1998.

                                       39
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


                  The following tables summarize information about stock options
outstanding for each of the three years ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Weighted-
                                          Average                  Weighted-Average
                               1994       Exercise        1995         Exercise          1996        Weighted-Average
                             Plan (#)    Price ($)      Plan (#)      Price ($)         Plan (#)    Exercise Price ($)
                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>          <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>
Shares under option:
Outstanding at
      January 1, 1999           122          5.30           661             7.00             26              6.91
      Granted                    --            --            51             6.54              8              6.53
      Exercised                  (8)         3.97           (14)            6.88             --                --
      Forfeited                  (3)         4.33           (42)            6.88             --                --
Outstanding at
      December 31, 1999         111          5.42           656             6.97             34              6.82
      Granted                    --            --           156             6.78             20              7.03
      Exercised                 (23)         3.44           (28)            6.88             --                --
      Forfeited                  --            --           (55)            6.82             --                --
Outstanding at
      December 31, 2000          88          5.93           729             6.94             54              6.90
      Granted                    34          2.88           130             2.95             20              2.88
      Exercised                  --            --            --               --             --                --
      Forfeited                 (35)         9.19           (92)            7.72             --                --
Outstanding at
      December 31, 2001          87          3.42           767             6.18             74              5.80
Options exercisable at
December 31, 2001                56          3.72           497             6.85             54              6.90
Weighted-average fair
value of options granted
during:  1999                    --                         $4.93                        $4.97
         2000                    --                         $4.49                        $4.51
         2001                 $2.22                         $2.28                        $2.22
</TABLE>


         Total options available for grant were 105 and 106 at December 31, 2001
and December 31, 2000, respectively.

                                       40
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              Options Outstanding                                        Options Exercisable
                     ---------------------------------------                      ----------------------------------

   Range of          Number of Options    Weighted-Average     Weighted-Average      Number       Weighted-Average
   Exercise            Outstanding at         Remaining         Exercise Price     Exercisable     Exercise Price
  Prices ($)              12/31/01        Contractual Life           ($)           at 12/31/01           ($)
------------------  --------------------  ------------------  ------------------  --------------  ------------------
<S>        <C>               <C>                   <C>                  <C>               <C>              <C>
1994 Plan:
   2.57 to 2.88              55                    6.3                  2.74              24               2.57
           4.33              29                    3.4                  4.33              29               4.33
           6.88               3                    4.9                  6.88               3               6.88
                           ----                                                         ----
   2.57 to 6.88              87                    5.3                  3.42              56               3.72
                           ====                                                         ====

1995 Plan:
   2.79 to 3.19             120                    9.1                  2.89               -               -
           3.64              10                    9.6                  3.64               -               -
   5.88 to 6.75             159                    8.4                  6.63              67               6.57
   6.88 to 7.38             473                    5.4                  6.89             427               6.88
           8.63               5                    7.7                  8.63               3               8.63
                           ----                                                         ----
                            767                    6.6                  6.18             497               6.85
                           ====                                                         ====

1996 Plan:
           2.88              20                    9.1                  2.88               -               -
           6.53               8                    7.5                  6.53               8               6.53
   6.88 to 7.03              45                    6.9                  6.95              45               6.95
           8.50               1                    1.0                  8.50               1               8.50
                           ----                                                         ----
                             74                    7.5                  5.80              54               6.90
                           ====                                                         ====
</TABLE>

                                       41
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


                  The Corporation has adopted the disclosures only provisions of
SFAS 123.  Accordingly,  no compensation  cost has been recognized for the stock
option plans. Had  compensation  cost been recognized for the stock option plans
based on the fair value at the date of grant  consistent  with the provisions of
SFAS No. 123,  the  Corporation's  net earnings and net earnings per share would
have been reduced to the pro forma amounts indicated below:


                                                        YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                       ------------------------
                                                        2001     2000     1999
                                                       ------   ------   ------
Net earnings - as reported                             $1,217   $3,576   $   59
Net (loss) earnings - pro forma                           748    3,103     (625)
Basic earnings per share - as reported                   0.16     0.47     0.01
Basic (loss) earnings per share - pro forma              0.10     0.41    (0.08)
Diluted earnings per share - as reported                 0.16     0.47     0.01
Diluted (loss) earnings per share - pro forma            0.10     0.41    (0.08)

                  The fair market value of each option grant is estimated on the
date of grant using the  Black-Scholes  option-pricing  model with the following
weighted average assumptions used for grants:


                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                      -----------------------------
                                        2001       2000       1999
                                      -------    -------    -------
            Expected volatility            71%        68%        63%
            Risk-free interest rate      5.03%       6.2%       5.7%
            Expected lives                9.5          6         10
            Dividend yield               none       none       none


NOTE 12 - INCOME TAXES

                  The following summarizes the provision for income taxes:


                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                       2001       2000     1999
                                                     -------    -------    ----
Current:
   Federal .......................................   $   660    $ 2,438    $ 59
   State and local ...............................        40        143      10
                                                     -------    -------    ----
                                                         700      2,581      69
Deferred:
   Federal .......................................         3       (554)    (58)
   State and local ...............................         1        (16)     (9)
                                                     -------    -------    ----
                                                           4       (570)    (67)
                                                     -------    -------    ----
Provision for income taxes .......................   $   704    $ 2,011    $  2
                                                     =======    =======    ====

                                       42
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


                  The provision for income taxes on adjusted  historical  income
differs from the amounts computed by applying the applicable  Federal  statutory
rates due to the following:


                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                         ----------------------
                                                         2001     2000     1999
                                                         ----    ------    ----
Provision for Federal income taxes at
  the statutory rate ..................................  $653    $1,900    $ 21
State and local income taxes, net of
  Federal benefit .....................................    26        75       6
Adjustment of prior year's accruals ...................    --        --     (25)
Other, net ............................................    25        36      --
                                                         ----    ------    ----
Provision for income taxes ............................  $704    $2,011    $  2
                                                         ====    ======    ====

                  Significant  components of the  Company's  deferred tax assets
and liabilities are as follows:

                                             December 31,
                                         ------------------
                                           2001       2000
                                         -------    -------
Deferred tax assets:
   Allowance for doubtful accounts       $   660    $   513
   Inventory                                 946        633
   Accrued vacation                          140        240
   Other - Long Term                         316        522
                                         -------    -------
     Total deferred tax assets             2,062      1,908
                                         -------    -------
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Depreciation                             (266)      (305)
                                         -------    -------
     Total deferred tax liabilities         (266)      (305)
                                         -------    -------
                                         $ 1,796    $ 1,603
                                         =======    =======

NOTE 13 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION - UNAUDITED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2001 QUARTERS                            2000 QUARTERS
                                  --------------------------------------    ----------------------------------------
                                    First    Second    Third     Fourth      First     Second    Third    Fourth
                                  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>
Net sales                           $10,745   $12,752  $16,064   $14,066    $21,180   $18,062   $18,937  $12,017
Gross profit                          3,646     4,577    5,251     3,225      6,990     7,028     5,651    3,553
Net earnings (loss)                    (207)      498    1,034      (108)     1,581     1,752       828     (585)
Basic earnings (loss) per share        (.03)      .07      .14      (.02)       .21       .23       .11     (.08)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share      (.03)      .07      .14      (.02)       .21       .23       .11     (.08)
</TABLE>

                                       43
<PAGE>


               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.:



The audits referred to in our report dated February 22, 2002,  except for Note 4
which is dated March 20, 2002, relating to the consolidated financial statements
of Blonder Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc. and  subsidiaries,  which is contained in
Item 8 of this Form 10-K, included the audit of the financial statement schedule
listed in the  accompanying  index.  This  financial  statement  schedule is the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on this financial statement schedule based upon our audits.

In our opinion,  such  financial  statement  schedule  presents  fairly,  in all
material respects, the information set forth therein.




BDO Seidman, LLP
Woodbridge, New Jersey


February 22, 2002

                                       44
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
           SCHEDULE II. VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           COLUMN A              COLUMN B           COLUMN C            COLUMN D         COLUMN E
           --------              --------          ---------           --------         --------
                                                   Additions

                                Balance at    Charged   Charged
    Allowance for Doubtful       Beginning      to      to Other     Deductions       Balance at
           Accounts              of Period    Expenses  Accounts     Write-offs      End of Period
           --------              ---------    --------  --------     ----------      -------------
<S>                               <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>                <C>
Year ended December 31, 2001:     $1,424       $  409      --              --            $1,833
Year ended December 31, 2000:     $  683       $  741      --              --            $1,424
Year ended December 31, 1999:     $1,201       $1,043      --         ($1,561)           $  683

          INVENTORY RESERVE
Year ended December 31, 2001:     $1,403       $  540      --              --            $1,943
Year ended December 31, 2000:     $1,192       $  211      --              --            $1,403
Year ended December 31, 1999:     $1,073       $  119      --              --            $1,192
</TABLE>

                                       45
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

                  Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                  BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC.


Date:  March 28, 2002             By:  /s/ JAMES A. LUKSCH
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                           James A. Luksch
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

                                  By: /s/ ERIC SKOLNIK
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                           Eric Skolnik, Chief Financial Officer

                  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934,  this report has been signed below by the  following  persons on behalf of
the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


NAME                                       TITLE                      DATE


                                Director, President and Chief     March 28, 2002
 /s/ JAMES A. LUKSCH            Executive Officer (Principal
---------------------------     Executive Officer)
James A. Luksch


                                Chief Financial Officer           March 28, 2002
 /s/ ERIC SKOLNIK               (Principal Financial
---------------------------     Officer and Principal
Eric Skolnik                    Accounting Officer)


                                Director, Executive Vice          March 28, 2002
 /s/ ROBERT J. PALLE, JR.       President, Chief Operating
---------------------------     Officer, Secretary
Robert J. Palle, Jr.            and Treasurer


 /s/ JOHN E. DWIGHT             Director                          March 28, 2002
---------------------------
John E. Dwight


 /s/ JAMES H. WILLIAMS          Director                          March 28, 2002
---------------------------
James H. Williams


 /s/ JAMES F. WILLIAMS          Director                          March 28, 2002
---------------------------
James F. Williams

                                       46
<PAGE>


 /s/ ROBERT B. MAYER            Director                          March 28, 2002
---------------------------
Robert B. Mayer


 /s/ GARY P. SCHARMETT          Director                          March 28, 2002
---------------------------
Gary P. Scharmett


 /s/ ROBERT E. HEATON           Director                          March 28, 2002
---------------------------
Robert E.  Heaton

                                       47

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
