<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>blonder10k2003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
                                    FORM 10-K

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT  PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003, OR

[ ]  TRANSITION  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO SECTION   13  OR  15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM  ___________________ to
     __________________

Commission file number: 1-14120

                        BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC.
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           Delaware                                     52-1611421
  ----------------------------              ------------------------------------
  (State or other jurisdiction              (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
of incorporation or organization)

One Jake Brown Road, Old Bridge, New Jersey                             08857
-------------------------------------------                           ----------
  (Address of principal executive offices)                            (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (732) 679-4000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

   Title of each class                      Name of Exchange on which registered
-----------------------------               ------------------------------------
Common Stock, Par Value $.001                      American Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X   No
                                      ---    ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes     No    X
                                      ----      -----

The  aggregate  market  value of  voting  stock  held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant at June 30, 2003: $7,574,835.

Number of shares of common stock,  par value $.001,  outstanding as of March 19,
2004: 8,002,406.

Documents incorporated by reference:

Certain portions of the  registrant's  definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of  Stockholders  to be held on May 11,  2004  (which is  expected to be
filed  with  the  Commission  not  later  than  120  days  after  the end of the
registrant's  last fiscal year) are  incorporated  by reference into Part III of
this report.
<PAGE>

Forward-Looking Statements

In  addition  to   historical   information,   this   Annual   Report   contains
forward-looking  statements  relating to such matters as  anticipated  financial
performance,  business  prospects,  technological  developments,  new  products,
research and development  activities and similar matters. The Private Securities
Litigation  Reform  Act of  1995  provides  a safe  harbor  for  forward-looking
statements.  In order to comply with the terms of the safe  harbor,  the Company
notes that a variety of factors  could cause the  Company's  actual  results and
experience  to  differ   materially  from  the  anticipated   results  or  other
expectations expressed in the Company's  forward-looking  statements.  The risks
and uncertainties  that may affect the operation,  performance,  development and
results of the Company's business include, but are not limited to, those matters
discussed  herein in the  sections  entitled  Item 1 - Business,  Item 3 - Legal
Proceedings,  and Item 7 -  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial
Condition   and  Results  of   Operations.   The  words   "believe",   "expect",
"anticipate",   "project"  and  similar  expressions  identify   forward-looking
statements.  Readers  are  cautioned  not  to  place  undue  reliance  on  these
forward-looking  statements,  which reflect management's analysis only as of the
date hereof.  The Company  undertakes  no  obligation  to publicly  revise these
forward-looking  statements to reflect events or circumstances  that arise after
the date hereof.  Readers  should  carefully  review the risk factors  described
herein  and in other  documents  the  Company  files  from time to time with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

Introduction

     Blonder Tongue Laboratories,  Inc. ("Blonder Tongue" or the "Company") is a
designer,  manufacturer and supplier of a comprehensive  line of electronics and
systems equipment,  primarily for the cable television  industry (both franchise
and  non-franchise,  or "private,"  cable).  Over the past year, the Company has
also   introduced   equipment  and  innovative   solutions  for  the  high-speed
transmission  of data  and the  provision  of  telephony  services  in  multiple
dwelling  unit  applications.  The  Company's  products  are  used  to  acquire,
distribute  and  protect the broad range of  communications  signals  carried on
fiber optic,  twisted  pair,  coaxial cable and wireless  distribution  systems.
These  products  are sold to  customers  providing  an  array of  communications
services,  including  television,  high-speed data (Internet) and telephony,  to
single family dwellings,  multiple dwelling units ("MDUs"), the lodging industry
and institutions such as hospitals, prisons, schools and marinas.

     Staying  at  the  forefront  of  the  communications  broadband  technology
revolution is a continuing  challenge.  The Company continues to add products to
respond to the changes taking place.  Blonder Tongue's most recent additions are
a line of  telephony  products  for the  purpose of offering  primary  telephone
service to MDUs and the  MegaPort  line of high speed data  products  to provide
broadband  access to lodging and MDU communities.  Other product  additions over
the past few years include digital  satellite  receivers,  fiber  communications
network  components,   QPSK  to  QAM  transcoders  (for  DirecTV,  Echostar  and
Digicipher II MPEG-2 Satellite Services),  Digicipher  II-compatible QAM set-top
converters, and a broad range of interdiction products.

     The  Company's  principal  customers  are cable  system  integrators  (both
franchise  and private cable  operators,  as well as  contractors)  that design,
package, install and in most instances operate, upgrade and maintain the systems
they build.

     The Company has  historically  enjoyed,  and continues to enjoy, a dominant
market  position in the  private  cable  industry,  while  progressively  making
inroads into the franchise cable market.  As the Company has expanded its market
coverage,  however,  the distinctions  between private cable and franchise cable
have become blurred. For example, the most efficient,  highest revenue-producing
private cable systems and small  franchise cable systems are built with the same
electronic building blocks.  Most of the electronics  required for these systems
are available from Blonder Tongue.

     The  Company  continues  to expand  its core  product  lines  (headend  and
distribution),  to  maintain  its  ability  to  provide  all of  the  electronic
equipment  needed to build small cable systems and much of the equipment  needed
in larger systems for the most efficient operation and highest  profitability in
high density applications.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     Over the past two years,  the Company has expanded beyond its core business
by acquiring a private  cable  television  system (BDR  Broadband,  LLC ) and by
acquiring an interest in a company offering a private  telephone program ideally
suited to multiple dwelling unit applications (Blonder Tongue Telephone, LLC).

     BDR  Broadband,  LLC  ("BDR  Broadband"),  a 90%  owned  subsidiary  of the
Company,  acquired the  rights-of-entry for certain MDU cable television systems
in August 2002.  The systems are comprised of  approximately  3,070 existing MDU
cable television  subscribers and approximately 7,520 passings. BDR Broadband is
a venture between the Company and Priority  Systems,  LLC. During July 2003, the
Company  purchased  the 10% interest in BDR Broadband  that had been  originally
owned by Paradigm Capital  Investments,  LLC, for an aggregate purchase price of
$35,000 resulting in the Company's stake in BDR Broadband increasing from 80% to
90%.  Priority  Systems,  LLC has expertise in marketing and operating MDU cable
television  systems.  The  Company  believes  that the model it has  devised for
acquiring and operating  these systems will be successful and can be replicated.
While the Company is not actively seeking  opportunities  to acquire  additional
rights-of-entry  at the present time, if such  opportunities  arise, the Company
would  evaluate and consider  them. As of the date hereof,  the Company does not
have any binding commitments or agreements for any such acquisitions.

     The  Company  entered  into a series  of  agreements  in March,  2003,  and
September,  2003 pursuant to which it acquired a 50% economic ownership interest
in NetLinc Communications,  LLC and Blonder Tongue Telephone,  LLC (to which the
Company has licensed its name). As a result of these  acquisitions,  the Company
is now involved in providing a proprietary  telephone  system ideally suited for
MDU deployment in both products and services.  The Company receives  incremental
revenues associated with its direct sales of the telephony products, and it also
expects  to  receive a portion of  Blonder  Tongue  Telephone,  LLC's net income
derived  from  voice-service  revenues  through its 50% stake in Blonder  Tongue
Telephone.  See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results  of  Operations  -  Overview"  for a more  detailed  description  of the
investments  in the  private  cable  operation  and  telephone  program  and the
underlying operations.

     The  Company  was  incorporated  under the laws of the State of Delaware in
November, 1988.

Industry Overview

     The  broadband  signal  distribution  industry  (involving  the  high-speed
transmission  of  television,  telephony  and  internet  signals)  is  currently
dominated by franchise multiple system cable operators, or MSOs. The markets for
wireless,  direct-broadcast  satellite  ("DBS")  and  digital  subscriber  lines
("DSL") used for these purposes  continue to grow.  Within the cable  television
market there are an increasing  number of  metropolitan  areas that have awarded
second  cable  television  franchises  to create  competition  with the existing
franchisee.  The  government has been in favor of competition in this market and
has passed  regulations to encourage it.  Franchise  cable  companies  carefully
monitor  DBS   penetration  in  their  franchise  areas  and  react  rapidly  to
competition,  all to the eventual benefit of the consumer. To fight competition,
the  operators  offer more  services  and more  television  channels  as well as
discounted  prices. The lineup of services typically includes an analog block of
channels  from 54 to 550 MHz,  high speed data service  using  high-speed  cable
modems,  cable telephony either  interfacing with switched  networks or internet
protocol  networks,  and digital  television in the 550 to 750 MHz range.  These
upgraded  services are possible in every system that has been rebuilt to 750 MHz
of bandwidth.  The standard architecture for these enhanced systems contemplates
a hybrid  distribution  network with a combination of fiber optic cable to nodes
of 100 to 500 subscribers,  with coaxial cable from the node to the customer and
full reverse-path capability for the pay-per-view, data and phone services.

     The  traditional  customer  targeted  for  these  expanded  services  is  a
homeowner likely to remain in the same home as a long-term  subscriber (i.e. the
single family home). For a variety of reasons, including the transient nature of
the  residents of many MDU areas,  high levels of theft of service and excessive
cost of replacing lost or stolen converters and modems, affect approximately 35%
of cable  television  subscribers.  Since  converters,  DBS  receivers,  digital
converters  and modems are offered at very low prices to  stimulate  sales,  the
operational  costs in these demographic areas are considered too high to justify
offering  the  advanced  services  that  are  generally  made  available  in the
traditional  franchise cable demographic.  To retain customers in these areas, a
technology must be used that minimizes the  operational  losses due to theft and
"churn" while  providing a level of video,  data and phone service that compares
favorably with single family  offerings,  DBS, DSL and wireless  providers.  The
Company believes that its Triple Play of products,  which includes QAM delivered
digital video,  interdiction to control analog video, as well as high-speed data
and telephone service, is the ideal solution for deployment in these areas.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     The Company is a value-added  distributor for Motorola's QAM decoder to the
United States private cable and Canadian franchise cable markets.  Coupling this
product with the Company's Digicipher(R)  II-compatible MQQT transcoder provides
a low-cost  hardware  solution  for small  system  operators  that want to offer
digital  programming  from  sources  such as HITS(R) and Cancom.  The  Company's
transcoder line has been further enhanced to include the QAM Transcoder  Series,
which is intended for use with Dish(TM) Commercial TV from EchoStar.

     Cable Television
     ----------------

     Most cable  television  operators  have built  fiber  optic  networks  with
various  combinations  of fiber  optic and coaxial  cable to deliver  television
signal programming, data, and phone services on one drop cable. Cable television
deployment of fiber optic trunk has been completed in many existing systems. The
system  architecture  being  employed to  accomplish  the combined  provision of
television and telephone  service is a hybrid fiber coaxial ("HFC") network.  In
an HFC network,  fiber optic trunk lines  connect to nodes which feed 100 to 500
subscribers, using coaxial cable.

     The Company  believes that most major  metropolitan  areas will  eventually
have  complex  networks  of two or more  independent  operators  interconnecting
homes,  while private cable  operators will have large networks  interconnecting
many  multi-dwelling  complexes.  All of these  networks are potential  users of
Blonder Tongue headend, digital and interdiction products.

     Multiple Dwelling Units (MDUs)
     ------------------------------

     MDUs,  because  they  represent a large  percentage  of the  private  cable
market,  have  historically  been  responsible  for a  large  percentage  of the
Company's  sales.  In the early  days of cable  television  MDUs were  served by
franchise  cable  operators.  In  1991,  when  the FCC  allocated  a  designated
frequency  band for private  cable,  the private cable  industry  became a major
supplier of TV services to MDUs since they could interconnect  buildings with 18
GHz  over-the-air  links and  reduce the  cost-per-subscriber  in  building  MDU
networks.  This  type of  networking,  albeit  at a  slightly  lower  frequency,
continues today, however, presently many MDU private cable systems are connected
using fiber optics since it is more reliable,  has much greater  bandwidth,  and
can  handle  two-way   communication   which  is  needed  for  voice,  data  and
video-on-demand.

     A typical  private  cable MDU provides 60 to 70 channels of analog  signals
utilizing   core  headend   (receivers,   modulators,   processors,   etc.)  and
distribution  products.  MDUs served by franchise cable are also a large revenue
source  for  Blonder  Tongue  since they  generally  fall into the  category  of
customers  where churn,  theft of service and converter loss are extremely high.
This makes these  areas  prime  candidates  for  Blonder  Tongue's  interdiction
products.

     Lodging
     -------

     Since the early 1990's,  private cable  integrators have competed to expand
the lodging market by offering systems with more channels,  video-on-demand  and
interactivity.  These  systems have been and continue to be well received in the
market,  as  property  owners have sought  additional  revenues  and guests have
demanded increased in-room conveniences.  The leading system integrators in this
market rely upon outside  suppliers  for their system  electronics  and most are
Blonder   Tongue   customers.   These   companies   and  others  offer   lodging
establishments  systems that provide  true  video-on-demand  movies with a large
selection of titles.  To meet these demands,  the typical lodging system headend
will include as many as 20 to 40 receivers  and as many as 60 to 80  modulators,
and  will  be  capable  of  providing   the  guest  with  more  free   channels,
video-on-demand for a broad selection of movie titles, and interactive  services
such as remote  check-out  and  concierge  services.  This is in contrast to the
systems  which  preceded  them,  which  typically  had  10 to 12  receivers  and
modulators  and  provided six to ten free  channels and two to five  channels of
VCR-based movies running at published scheduled times.

     Most of the systems with  video-on-demand  service were  initially in large
hotels,  where the  economics of high channel  capacity  systems are more easily
justified.  The conversion of hotel pay-per-view systems into video-on-demand is
increasing. Smaller hotels and motels are being provided with video-on-demand as
technology  results  in  reduced  headend  costs,   keeping  the  market  growth
reasonably steady.

                                       4
<PAGE>

     International
     -------------

     For much of the world, cable television service lags the United States, but
is expanding as  technological  advancement  reduces the cost to  consumers.  In
addition,  economic development in Latin America and Asia has allowed first time
construction  of  integrated   delivery   systems  that  utilize  a  variety  of
electronics and broadband hardware.  The pace of growth is difficult to predict,
but as  more  alternatives  become  available  and  television  service  becomes
increasingly affordable, it is anticipated that more equipment will be placed in
the field. The Company utilizes several distributors in Florida and within Latin
America  to serve the  Latin  American  market,  although  during  the last year
international  sales have not materially  contributed  to the Company's  revenue
base.

     Additional Considerations
     -------------------------

     The technological  revolution taking place in the communications  industry,
which includes DBS, is providing  digital  television to an increasing number of
homes. Wireless cable systems and DSL over twisted pair phone lines also utilize
digital  compression to provide channel capacity which is competitive with cable
television and other television delivery systems.  In addition,  franchise cable
companies and  alternative  suppliers are building fiber optic networks to offer
video, data, and telephony. There is also the possibility of convergence of data
and video communications,  wherein computer and television systems merge and the
computer  monitor  replaces the television  screen.  While it is not possible to
predict with certainty which  technology  will be dominant in the future,  it is
clear that digitized video and advances in the ability to compress the digitized
video  signal make both  digital  television  and the  convergence  of computer,
telephone and television systems technically possible.

     Since  United  States  television  sets are for the most part  analog  (not
digital), direct satellite television and other digitally compressed programming
requires headend products or set-top decoding receivers or converters to convert
the digitally  transmitted  satellite signals back to analog. The replacement of
all  television  sets with  digital  sets will be costly  and take many years to
complete.  The Company believes that for many years to come,  program  providers
will be required to deliver an analog  television signal on standard channels to
subscribers'  television sets using headend products at some distribution  point
in their networks or employ decoding  receivers at each television set.  Headend
products  are a large  segment  of Blonder  Tongue's  business  and the  Company
believes  interdiction  is an  ideal  product  for a system  operator  to use to
control access to the multitude of programming that will be available.

Products

     Blonder Tongue's products can be separated, according to function, into the
several categories described below:

     o Analog  Video  Headend  Products  used by a system  operator  for  signal
     acquisition,  processing and manipulation for further  transmission.  Among
     the  products  offered  by the  Company  in  this  category  are  satellite
     receivers,   integrated   receiver/decoders,   transcoders,   demodulators,
     modulators,  antennas  and  antenna  mounts,  amplifiers,  equalizers,  and
     processors.  The headend of a television signal  distribution system is the
     "brain" of the system, the central location where the multi-channel  signal
     is initially  received,  converted and  allocated to specific  channels for
     analog  distribution.  In some cases,  where the signal is  transmitted  in
     encrypted  form or digitized  and  compressed,  the  receiver  will also be
     required to decode the signal.  Blonder  Tongue is a licensee of  Motorola,
     Inc.'s   ("Motorola")    VideoCipher(R)   and   DigiCipher(R)    encryption
     technologies and integrates their decoders into integrated receiver/decoder
     products,  where  required.  The Company  estimates  that Headend  Products
     accounted for approximately  54% of the Company's  revenues in 2003, 66% in
     2002, and 58% in 2001.

     o Digital Video Headend Products used by a system operator for acquisition,
     processing and  manipulation  of digital video  signals.  An alternative to
     converting signals to analog for distribution is to transcode the satellite
     signal's   modulation  from  QPSK  (quadrature  phase  shift  key)  to  QAM
     (quadrature  amplitude  modulation)  since  one is  optimum  for  satellite
     transmission  and the other optimum for  fiber/coaxial  distribution.  This
     maintains  the signal in its digital  form.  Digital  Products  continue to
     expand in the cable  marketplace  and bring  more  advanced  technology  to
     consumers and operators. Blonder Tongue is constantly expanding its Digital
     Products  offering,  which  includes a  complete  line of  Transcoders  for
     economically  deploying and adding a digital  programming  tier to systems,
     Digital QAM

                                       5
<PAGE>

     Up-converters for data-over-cable  applications and Digital High Definition
     Television Processors for delivery of HDTV programming.

     o High  Speed  Data  Products  used to  provide  Internet  access  and data
     transfer  over a  hybrid  fiber/coaxial  cable  system.  Products  in  this
     category  include  standard cable modems and routers,  and the new MegaPort
     solution for  providing  broadband  Internet  access to MDUs.  The MegaPort
     solution  consists of two main components,  the Gateway and the Intelligent
     Outlets.  The  Gateway  is a  broadband  ethernet  router  or  bridge  that
     establishes  a network  within a building  or  community.  The  Intelligent
     Outlet  serves as the modem,  but is  permanently  installed in the home to
     eliminate  loss of  equipment  associated  with  churn.  Each  Gateway  can
     accommodate 64 enabled  Outlets.  When multiple  outlets are installed in a
     residence,  they can be configured  for home  networking  for an additional
     revenue stream for the operator.

     o Telephony  Products  used to provide  expanded  telephone  service to MDU
     subscribers.  These products are designed to offer carrier class  telephone
     service to residences  using existing  twisted pair wires.  Service will be
     fully  transparent to subscribers  with advanced  calling  features such as
     911,  Caller ID, Call Waiting  Plus,  and Three-way  Calling  available and
     bundled at a flat rate to subscribers.  The Blonder Tongue telephony family
     of products includes a T1 concentrator and a multiplexer. The system starts
     at a  telephone  company  class 5 switch  located  at their  local  central
     office.  A T1 line is routed from the switch and brought to the  LoopXpress
     Concentrator.  The telephone  information  is then routed to the LineXpress
     Multiplexer which converts the digital format into analog voice frequencies
     for  transmission to up to 12 independent  resident  telephone  lines.  The
     existing  twisted-pair  telephone  wiring  infrastructure  is  utilized  to
     provide dial tone at a resident's  premises  using any standard  telephone.
     System  operation,  including  activating and deactivating  phone lines, is
     achieved through a point-and-click  software package.  Communication to the
     equipment  can be  performed  locally or remotely for  increased  operating
     efficiency and  simplified  system  management.  While the Company does not
     have a history  of sales of  telephony  products  as it only  acquired  the
     distribution  rights in 2003,  several  system  trials are underway  with a
     variety  of cable  operators.  The  Company  believes  that  sales of these
     telephony  products will grow into a significant  source of revenue for the
     Company.

     o Microwave  Products used to transmit the output of a cable system headend
     to multiple locations using  point-to-point  communication  links in the 18
     GHz range of  frequencies.  Products  offered  in this  category  are power
     amplifiers,  repeaters, receivers, transmitters and compatible accessories.
     These  products  convert the headend  output up to the  microwave  band and
     transmit this signal using  parabolic  antennas.  At each receiver  site, a
     parabolic  antenna-receiver  combination converts the signal back to normal
     VHF frequencies  for  distribution to subscribers at the receiver site. Due
     to a Second Order on Reconsideration  adopted by the Federal Communications
     Commission  ("FCC") in November  2002,  coupled with the  availability  and
     inherent  superiority of fiber optics in linking adjacent properties in MDU
     applications,  sales of microwave products have diminished. While microwave
     products will continue to be sold to maintain existing systems, the Company
     does not anticipate  that these products will contribute  significantly  to
     the Company's revenues.

     o Fiber  Products used to transmit the output of a cable system  headend to
     multiple  locations using fiber optic cable. Among the products offered are
     optical  transmitters,   receivers,   couplers,  splitters  and  compatible
     accessories.  These products  convert RF frequencies to light (or infrared)
     frequencies  and launch them on optical  fiber.  At each receiver  site, an
     optical  receiver  is used to  convert  the  signals  back  to  normal  VHF
     frequencies  for  distribution  to  subscribers.  Sales of products in this
     category  continue to increase as they have become the product of choice in
     applications formerly suitable to the use of microwave products.

     o  Distribution  Products used to permit signals to travel from the headend
     to their ultimate destination in a home, apartment unit, hotel room, office
     or other terminal  location along a distribution  network of fiber optic or
     coaxial cable.  Among the products  offered by the Company in this category
     are line extenders,  broadband amplifiers,  directional taps, splitters and
     wall taps.  In cable  television  systems,  the  distribution  products are
     either mounted on exterior telephone poles or encased in pedestals,  vaults
     or other security devices. In private cable systems the distribution system
     is  typically  enclosed  within  the  walls  of the  building  (if a single
     structure) or added to an existing  structure  using various  techniques to
     hide the coaxial cable and devices.  The  non-passive  devices  within this
     category  are  designed  to ensure  that the

                                       6
<PAGE>

     signal  distributed  from the  headend is of  sufficient  strength  when it
     arrives  at its final  destination  to  provide  high  quality  audio/video
     images.   The  Company  estimates   distribution   products  accounted  for
     approximately 19% of the Company's revenues in 2003, 17% in 2002 and 15% in
     2001.

     o Addressable  Subscriber and Interdiction  Products used to control access
     to programming at the subscriber's location.  Among the products offered by
     the Company in this category are (i) its VideoMask(TM)  addressable  signal
     jammer, licensed from Philips Electronics North America Corporation and its
     affiliate  Philips  Broadband  Networks,  Inc.  (ii)  the SMI  Interdiction
     product  line  acquired  from  Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc.  as  part  of  its
     interdiction  business,  and  (iii)  the  recently  introduced  Addressable
     Multi-Tap (AMT).  Interdiction  products limit the availability of programs
     to  subscribers,  through  jamming of  particular  channels.  Such products
     enable an operator to control  subscriber  access to premium  channels  and
     other enhanced services through a computer located off-premises.  They also
     eliminate  the  necessity  of an operator  having to make a service call to
     install or remove  passive traps and eliminate  the costs  associated  with
     damage or loss of analog set-top converters in the subscribers'  locations.
     The Company  believes  that the reduction in operating  costs,  programming
     piracy,  and  converter  loss  which  can be  obtained  through  the use of
     interdiction  can be a significant  factor in further  product  penetration
     into  the  franchise  cable  market  in MDU  applications.  While it is not
     possible to predict the breadth of market  acceptance  for these  products,
     the Company believes the potential is substantial in both the private cable
     market and franchise  cable market as  alternatives  to, or in  conjunction
     with,  set-top  converters  and  as  a  viable  option  for  companies  and
     municipalities who are overbuilding  existing cable infrastructures and are
     seeking a more consumer-friendly and cost-effective way to compete with the
     incumbent franchise cable operator. The Company estimates that Interdiction
     products accounted for approximately 11% of the Company's revenues in 2003,
     8% in 2002 and 15% in 2001.

     o Test Products used for measuring signals in the Headend and Distribution.
     Among the products  offered by the Company in this  category are analog and
     digital Spectrum Analyzers,  QPSK Analyzers,  and hand held Palm Analyzers.
     While the Company  expects to continue  selling  test  products to meet the
     needs of customers,  the Company does not  anticipate  that these  products
     will contribute significantly to the Company's revenues.

     The  Company   will  modify  its   products  to  meet   specific   customer
requirements.  Typically,  these  modifications  are minor and do not materially
alter the functionality of the products.  Thus, the inability of the customer to
accept such products does not  generally  result in the Company being  otherwise
unable to sell such products to other customers.

Research and Product Development

     The markets served by Blonder  Tongue are  characterized  by  technological
change, new product introductions,  and evolving industry standards.  To compete
effectively in this environment, the Company must engage in ongoing research and
development in order to (i) create new products, (ii) expand the frequency range
of existing products in order to accommodate customer demand for greater channel
capacity,  (iii)  license new  technology  (such as digital  satellite  receiver
decoders and high-speed data transmission  products),  and (iv) acquire products
incorporating  technology  that could not otherwise be developed  quickly enough
using  internal  resources,  to suit the dynamics of the  evolving  marketplace.
Research and development  projects are often initially undertaken at the request
of and in an effort to address the particular  needs of the Company's  customers
and customer  prospects with the  expectation  or promise of substantial  future
orders  from such  customers  or customer  prospects.  Additional  research  and
development efforts are also continuously  underway for the purpose of enhancing
product quality and engineering to lower  production  costs. For the acquisition
of new  technologies,  the Company may rely upon technology  licenses from third
parties  when the  Company  believes  that it can obtain  such  technology  more
quickly and/or  cost-effectively  from such third parties than the Company could
otherwise develop on its own, or when the desired technology is proprietary to a
third party. There were 15 employees in the research and development  department
of the Company at December 31, 2003.

Marketing and Sales

     Blonder  Tongue  markets and sells its products  worldwide to the following
markets: private cable operators, system contractors, franchise cable operators,
the lodging industry,  institutions,  satellite dealers and

                                       7
<PAGE>

retailers.  Sales are made directly to customers by the Company's internal sales
force,  as  well as  through  numerous  domestic  stocking  distributors  (which
accounted  for  approximately  48% of the  Company's  revenues for fiscal 2003).
These  distributors  serve  multiple  markets.  Direct  sales to  private  cable
operators  and  system  integrators  accounted  for  approximately  23%  of  the
Company's revenues for fiscal 2003.

     The Company's sales and marketing  function is  predominantly  performed by
its internal sales force. Should it be deemed necessary,  the Company may retain
independent sales  representatives in particular geographic areas or targeted to
specific customer  prospects.  The Company's internal sales force consists of 25
employees,  which  currently  includes 11  salespersons  (7  salespersons in Old
Bridge,  New  Jersey,  one  salesperson  in each of North  Myrtle  Beach,  South
Carolina,  Cudahy,  Wisconsin,  Folsom,  California,  and Miami, Florida) and 14
sales-support personnel at the Company headquarters in Old Bridge, New Jersey.

     The Company's  standard customer payment terms are 2%-10, net 30 days. From
time to time where the Company  determines that circumstances  warrant,  such as
when a customer agrees to commit to a large blanket  purchase order, the Company
extends payment terms beyond its standard payment terms.

     The  Company  has  several  marketing  programs  to  support  the  sale and
distribution  of its products.  Blonder  Tongue  participates  in industry trade
shows and conferences.  The Company also publishes  technical  articles in trade
and technical  journals,  distributes  sales and product  literature  and has an
active public  relations plan to ensure  complete  coverage of Blonder  Tongue's
products  and  technology  by editors of trade  journals.  The Company  provides
system  design  engineering  for  its  customers,  maintains  extensive  ongoing
communications with many original equipment  manufacturer customers and provides
one-on-one  demonstrations  and technical  seminars to potential new  customers.
Blonder Tongue supplies sales and applications  support,  product literature and
training to its sales  representatives  and distributors.  The management of the
Company travels  extensively,  identifying  customer needs and meeting potential
customers.

     The Company had  approximately  $639,000 in purchase  orders as of December
31, 2003 and  approximately  $1.0 million in purchase  orders as of December 31,
2002.  All of the  purchase  orders  outstanding  as of  December  31,  2003 are
expected to be shipped prior to December 31, 2004.  The purchase  orders are for
the  future  delivery  of  products  and  are  subject  to  cancellation  by the
customers.

Customers

     Blonder  Tongue  has a broad  customer  base,  which in 2003  consisted  of
approximately  600  active  accounts.  Approximately  43%,  50%,  and 39% of the
Company's  revenues in fiscal years 2003,  2002,  and 2001,  respectively,  were
derived from sales of products to the Company's five largest customers.  In 2003
and 2002, sales to Toner Cable Equipment,  Inc.  accounted for approximately 21%
and 20% respectively of the Company's  revenues.  There can be no assurance that
any sales to these entities,  individually  or as a group,  will reach or exceed
historical levels in any future period.  However,  the Company  anticipates that
these  customers  will  continue  to account  for a  significant  portion of the
Company's  revenues in future  periods,  although  none of them is  obligated to
purchase any specified amount of products or to provide the Company with binding
forecasts of product purchases for any future period.

     The  complement of leading  customers  may shift as the most  efficient and
better financed  integrators grow more rapidly than others. The Company believes
that many integrators will grow rapidly,  and as such the Company's success will
depend in part on the viability of those customers and on the Company's  ability
to maintain its position in the overall  marketplace by shifting its emphasis to
those customers with the greatest growth and growth  prospects.  Any substantial
decrease or delay in sales to one or more of the  Company's  leading  customers,
the financial  failure of any of these entities,  or the Company's  inability to
develop and maintain solid  relationships with the integrators which may replace
the  present  leading  customers,  would have a material  adverse  effect on the
Company's results of operations and financial condition.

     The  Company's  revenues  are  derived  primarily  from  customers  in  the
continental  United  States,  however,  the Company also derives  revenues  from
customers  outside the continental  United States,  primarily in Canada and to a
more limited extent, in  underdeveloped  countries.  Television  service is less
developed in many  international  markets,  particularly Latin America and Asia,
creating  opportunity  for those  participants  who offer quality  products at a
competitive  price.  Sales to customers outside of the United States represented
approximately

                                       8
<PAGE>

2%, 8% and 2% of the  Company's  revenues in fiscal  years  2003,  2002 and 2001
respectively.  All of the Company's  transactions with customers located outside
of the continental United States are denominated in U.S. dollars, therefore, the
Company has no material foreign currency transactions.

Manufacturing and Suppliers

     Blonder  Tongue's  manufacturing  operations  are located at the  Company's
headquarters in Old Bridge, New Jersey. The Company's  manufacturing  operations
are vertically integrated and consist principally of the assembly and testing of
electronic  assemblies built from fabricated  parts,  printed circuit boards and
electronic  devices  and the  fabrication  from raw sheet  metal of chassis  and
cabinets for such  assemblies.  Management  continues to implement a significant
number of changes to the manufacturing process to increase production volume and
reduce product cost, including logistics  modifications on the factory floor, an
increased  use of surface  mount,  axial lead and radial lead  robotics to place
electronic components on printed circuit boards, a continuing program of circuit
board redesign to make more products compatible with robotic insertion equipment
and an increased integration in machining and fabrication.  All of these efforts
are consistent with and part of the Company's  strategy to provide its customers
with high performance-to-cost ratio products.

     Outside contractors supply standard components, etch-printed circuit boards
and electronic subassemblies to the Company's specifications.  While the Company
generally purchases electronic parts which do not have a unique source,  certain
electronic component parts used within the Company's products are available from
a limited number of suppliers and can be subject to temporary  shortages because
of general  economic  conditions  and the  demand and supply for such  component
parts.  If the Company  were to  experience  a  temporary  shortage of any given
electronic part, the Company  believes that alternative  parts could be obtained
or system design changes  implemented.  However,  in such situations the Company
may experience  temporary reductions in its ability to ship products affected by
the component  shortage.  On an as-needed basis, the Company  purchases  several
products from sole  suppliers for which  alternative  sources are not available,
such as the VideoCipher(R) and DigiCipher(R)  encryption systems manufactured by
Motorola,  which are standard encryption  methodologies  employed on U.S. C-Band
and Ku-Band  transponders and Hughes digital satellite receivers for delivery of
DIRECTV(TM) programming.  An inability to timely obtain sufficient quantities of
these components could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operating
results.  The Company does not have an agreement  with any sole source  supplier
requiring the supplier to sell a specified volume of components to the Company.

     Blonder Tongue maintains a quality assurance program which tests samples of
component parts purchased, as well as its finished products, on an ongoing basis
and also conducts tests throughout the manufacturing  process using commercially
available  and  in-house  built  testing  systems that  incorporate  proprietary
procedures.  Blonder Tongue performs final product tests on 100% of its products
prior to shipment to customers.

Competition

     All aspects of the Company's business are highly  competitive.  The Company
competes  with  national,  regional and local  manufacturers  and  distributors,
including companies larger than Blonder Tongue which have substantially  greater
resources.  Various manufacturers who are suppliers to the Company sell directly
as  well  as  through   distributors   into  the  franchise  and  private  cable
marketplaces.  Because of the convergence of the cable,  telecommunications  and
computer  industries and rapid  technological  development,  new competitors may
seek to  enter  the  principal  markets  served  by the  Company.  Many of these
potential   competitors  have  significantly   greater   financial,   technical,
manufacturing,  marketing,  sales and other resources than Blonder  Tongue.  The
Company  expects  that  direct and  indirect  competition  will  increase in the
future. Additional competition could result in price reductions,  loss of market
share and delays in the timing of  customer  orders.  The  principal  methods of
competition  are product  differentiation,  performance  and quality,  price and
terms, service, and technical and administrative support.

Intellectual Property

     The Company currently holds 30 United States patents and 14 foreign patents
covering a wide range of  electronic  systems and  circuits,  of which 19 United
States patents and 10 foreign patents were obtained in the Company's acquisition
of  Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc.'s  interdiction  business during 1998.  Other than
certain of the  patents  acquired  from  Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc.,  none of the
Company's patents are considered  material to the

                                       9
<PAGE>

Company's  present  operations  because  they  do  not  relate  to  high  volume
applications.  Because of the rapidly  evolving  nature of the cable  television
industry,  the Company  believes that its market position as a supplier to cable
integrators derives primarily from its ability to develop a continuous stream of
new products  which are designed to meet its  customers'  needs and which have a
high performance-to-cost ratio.

     The Company has a registered trademark on "Blonder Tongue(R)" and also on a
"BT(R)" logo. In connection with the transactions  pursuant to which the Company
acquired an  ownership  interest in NetLinc and Blonder  Tongue  Telephone,  the
Company  granted  Blonder  Tongue  Telephone  a  non-exclusive,   revocable  and
royalty-free  license to use these  trademarks  and certain  variations  of such
names.

     The Company is a licensee of Philips  Electronics North America Corporation
and its affiliate Philips Broadband Networks, Inc., Motorola, Hughes and several
smaller software development companies.

     Under  the   Philips   License   Agreements,   the  Company  is  granted  a
non-exclusive  license for a term which expires in 2010,  concurrently  with the
last to expire of the relevant patents.  The Philips License  Agreements provide
for the payment by the Company of a one-time  license fee and for the payment by
the Company of royalties based upon unit sales of licensed products.

     The Company is a licensee of Motorola relating to Motorola's VideoCipher(R)
encryption  technology  and is also a party to a private  label  agreement  with
Motorola  relating to its  DigiCipher(R)  technology.  Under the  VideoCipher(R)
license agreement,  the Company is granted a non-exclusive license under certain
proprietary  know-how, to design and manufacture certain licensed products to be
compatible  with  the   VideoCipher(R)   commercial   descrambler   module.  The
VideoCipher(R)  license  agreement  provides for the payment by the Company of a
one-time  license fee for the  Company's  first  model of  licensed  product and
additional  one-time license fees for each additional model of licensed product.
The  VideoCipher(R)  license  agreement  also  provides  for the  payment by the
Company  of  royalties  based upon unit sales of  licensed  products.  Under the
DigiCipher(R) private label agreement,  the Company is granted the non-exclusive
right to sell DigiCipher(R) II integrated  receiver decoders bearing the Blonder
Tongue name for use in the commercial  market.  The DigiCipher(R)  private label
agreement  provides for the payment by the Company of a one-time license fee for
the Company's first model of licensed  product and additional  one-time  license
fees for each additional model of licensed product.

     During 1996,  the Company  entered into several  software  development  and
license agreements for specifically  designed  controller and interface software
necessary  for  the  operation  of  the  Company's  Video   Central(TM)   remote
interdiction control system, which is used for remote operation of VideoMask(TM)
signal jammers installed at subscriber  locations.  These licenses are perpetual
and  require the  payment of a one-time  license fee and in one case  additional
payments, the aggregate of which are not material.

     The Company relies on a combination of contractual  rights and trade secret
laws to protect  its  proprietary  technologies  and  know-how.  There can be no
assurance that the Company will be able to protect its technologies and know-how
or that third  parties  will not be able to  develop  similar  technologies  and
know-how  independently.  Therefore,  existing and potential  competitors may be
able to develop  products that are competitive  with the Company's  products and
such competition could adversely affect the prices for the Company's products or
the Company's  market share.  The Company also believes that factors such as the
technological  and creative skills of its personnel,  new product  developments,
frequent product enhancements, name recognition and reliable product maintenance
are essential to establishing and maintaining its competitive position.

Regulation

     Private  cable,  while in some  cases  subject  to  certain  FCC  licensing
requirements,  is not presently burdened with extensive government  regulations.
Franchise  cable operators had been subject to extensive  government  regulation
pursuant to the Cable  Television  Consumer  Protection and  Competition  Act of
1992,  which among other things provided for rate rollbacks for basic tier cable
service,  further rate reductions under certain circumstances and limitations on
future rate  increases.  The  Telecommunications  Act of 1996  deregulated  many
aspects of franchise  cable system  operation and opened the door to competition
among  cable  operators  and  telephone  companies  in each of their  respective
industries.

                                       10
<PAGE>

     In June,  2000,  the FCC adopted and issued a Final Rule and Order relating
to the re-designation of portions of the 18GHz-frequency  band among the various
currently allocated services.  The Final Rules regarding this issue provided for
the  grandfathering,  for  a  period  of  ten  years,  of  certain  pre-existing
(installed)  terrestrial  fixed service  operators  ("TFSOs") and TFSOs that had
made  application  for a license prior to a certain date.  The FCC segmented the
18GHz-frequency band into several sub-bands and provided for varying obligations
and rights as between the TFSOs and Fixed Satellite Service Operators ("FSSOs").
Overall,  the Final Rules were complex and placed a measure of uncertainty  upon
TFSOs  considering  the use of microwave gear in new systems.  In November 2002,
the FCC issued a Second Order on  Reconsideration  (the "Second  Order"),  which
redefined the use of the 18 GHz microwave band.  Among other things,  the Second
Order changed the permissible  band of transmission  for future  microwave links
from the 18.42 to 18.58  GHz band to the 17.7 GHz to 18.3 GHz band.  As a result
of the Second Order, the Company's existing microwave inventory would have to be
modified to function  within the new  frequency  band.  While the new 18GHz band
provides  additional  channel  capacity to the private cable  operator,  because
specialized  and expensive  equipment will be required to take advantage of this
additional  bandwidth,  the impact on future  sales is  uncertain  at this time.
These issues,  coupled with the recent  advances in the use of fiber optic cable
and the inherent  superiority in fiber due to its greater bandwidth  capability,
have  resulted in a shift in customer  purchases  away from  microwave  gear and
toward fiber optics.

Environmental Regulations

     The  Company  is  subject  to  a  variety  of  Federal,   state  and  local
governmental  regulations related to the storage, use, discharge and disposal of
toxic,  volatile or  otherwise  hazardous  chemicals  used in its  manufacturing
processes.  The Company did not incur in 2003 and does not anticipate  incurring
in 2004 material  capital  expenditures  for compliance with Federal,  state and
local  environmental laws and regulations.  There can be no assurance,  however,
that  changes  in  environmental  regulations  will not  result  in the need for
additional capital expenditures or otherwise impose additional financial burdens
on the Company.  Further,  such regulations could restrict the Company's ability
to expand its operations.  Any failure by the Company to obtain required permits
for,  control the use of, or adequately  restrict the  discharge  of,  hazardous
substances  under  present or future  regulations  could  subject the Company to
substantial  liability  or  could  cause  its  manufacturing  operations  to  be
suspended.

     The  Company  presently  holds a permit from the New Jersey  Department  of
Environmental  Protection  ("NJDEP"),  Division of  Environmental  Quality,  Air
Pollution   Control  Program  relating  to  its  operation  of  certain  process
equipment, which permit expires in May, 2007. The Company has held such a permit
for this  equipment  on a  substantially  continuous  basis since  approximately
April,  1989. The Company also has authorization  under the New Jersey Pollution
Discharge  Elimination  System/Discharge  to Surface Waters  General  Industrial
Stormwater Permit, Permit No. NJ0088315. This permit will expire May 31, 2007.

Employees

     As of March  8,  2004,  the  Company  employed  approximately  269  people,
including 189 in  manufacturing,  15 in research and development,  11 in quality
assurance,  10 in production  services,  25 in sales and marketing,  and 19 in a
general and administrative  capacity. 118 of the Company's employees are members
of the International  Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Union, Local 2066, which
has a three year labor  agreement with the Company  expiring in February,  2005.
The Company considers its relations with its employees to be good.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

     The   Company's   principal   manufacturing,    engineering,    sales   and
administrative facilities consist of one building totaling approximately 130,000
square feet located on approximately 20 acres of land in Old Bridge,  New Jersey
(the  "Old  Bridge  Facility")  which is owned by the  Company.  The Old  Bridge
Facility is  encumbered  by a mortgage  held by Commerce  Bank in the  principal
amount of $3,092,000 as of December 31, 2003.

     Management believes that the Old Bridge Facility is adequate to support the
Company's  anticipated  needs in 2004.  Subject to  compliance  with  applicable
zoning and  building  codes,  the Old Bridge real  property  is large  enough to
double  the  size  of the  plant  to  accommodate  expansion  of  the  Company's
operations should the need arise.

                                       11
<PAGE>

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Company is a party to certain  proceedings  incidental  to the ordinary
course of its business, none of which, in the current opinion of management,  is
likely to have a material  adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were  submitted to a vote of security  holders during the fourth
quarter  ended  December  31,  2003,  through  the  solicitation  of  proxies or
otherwise.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The Company's  common stock has been traded on the American  Stock Exchange
since the Company's  initial public offering on December 14, 1995. The following
table sets forth for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low sale prices
for the Company's Common Stock on the American Stock Exchange.

Market Information

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2003:            High             Low
                                                ----             ---

         First Quarter ......................... $1.85          $1.30
         Second Quarter.........................  2.31           1.43
         Third Quarter .........................  2.56           1.89
         Fourth Quarter ........................  3.30           1.91


Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002:            High             Low
                                                ----             ---

         First Quarter ......................... $3.86          $3.20
         Second Quarter.........................  3.62           2.70
         Third Quarter .........................  2.70           1.10
         Fourth Quarter.........................  2.25           1.09

     The Company's  Common Stock is traded on the American  Stock Exchange under
the symbol "BDR".

Holders

     As of March 19, 2004, the Company had approximately 80 holders of record of
the Common  Stock.  Since a portion  of the  Company's  common  stock is held in
"street" or nominee name, the Company is unable to determine the exact number of
beneficial holders.

Dividends

     The Company  currently  anticipates that it will retain all of its earnings
to finance the operation and expansion of its business,  and therefore  does not
intend to pay  dividends on its Common Stock in the  foreseeable  future.  Other
than in  connection  with  certain "S"  corporation  distributions  prior to its
initial  public  offering,  the  Company  has  never  declared  or paid any cash
dividends on its Common Stock. Any  determination to pay dividends in the future
is at the  discretion of the  Company's  Board of Directors and will depend upon
the Company's financial condition, results of operations,  capital requirements,
limitations  contained in loan agreements and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deems relevant.  The Company's loan agreement with Commerce Bank, N.A.
prohibits the payment of cash dividends by the Company on its Common Stock.

                                       12
<PAGE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

     The selected consolidated  statement of operations data presented below for
each of the years ended  December  31,  2003,  2002 and 2001,  and the  selected
consolidated  balance  sheet data as of December 31, 2003 and 2002,  are derived
from,  and are  qualified by reference  to, the audited  consolidated  financial
statements  of the Company and notes  thereto  included  elsewhere  in this Form
10-K. The selected consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended
December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the selected  consolidated  balance sheet data as
of December  31,  2001,  2000 and 1999 are  derived  from  audited  consolidated
financial  statements not included herein. The data set forth below is qualified
in its  entirety  by,  and  should be read in  conjunction  with,  "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of  Operations"  and
the  consolidated  financial  statements,  notes thereto and other financial and
statistical information appearing elsewhere herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2003        2002        2001       2000       1999
                                                   ----        ----        ----       ----       ----
                                                               (In thousands, except per share data)
Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:
<S>                                              <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales ....................................   $ 35,437    $ 46,951    $ 53,627   $ 70,196   $ 56,805
Cost of goods sold ...........................     25,948      34,195      36,928     46,974     39,074
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
  Gross profit ...............................      9,489      12,756      16,699     23,222     17,731
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
Operating expenses: ..........................
  Selling, general and administrative ........      9,837       9,060      11,209     13,572     13,598
  Research and development ...................      1,833       1,972       2,200      2,125      2,070
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
  Total operating expenses ...................     11,670      11,032      13,409     15,697     15,668
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
Earnings (loss) from operations ..............     (2,181)      1,724       3,290      7,525      2,063
Interest expense, net ........................      1,105       1,074       1,369      1,938      2,002
Equity in loss of Blonder Tongue
Telephone, LLC................................        154          --          --         --         --
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
Earnings (loss) before income taxes ..........     (3,440)        650       1,921      5,587         61
Provision (benefit) for income taxes .........       (691)        221         704      2,011          2
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
Earnings (loss) before cumulative effect of
change in accounting principle ...............     (2,749)        429       1,217      3,576         59
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax (1) ....................         --      (6,886)         --         --         --
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
Net (loss) earnings ..........................   $ (2,749)   $ (6,457)   $  1,217   $  3,576   $     59
                                                 ========    ========    ========   ========   ========
Basic earnings (loss) per share before
cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle.....................................   $  (0.36)   $   0.06    $   0.16   $   0.47   $   0.01

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax ........................         --       (0.90)         --         --         --
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
Basic earnings (loss) per share ..............   $  (0.36)   $  (0.84)   $   0.16   $   0.47   $   0.01
                                                 ========    ========    ========   ========   ========
Basic weighted average shares outstanding ....      7,654       7,604       7,613      7,620      7,916

Diluted earnings (loss) per share before
cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle.....................................   $  (0.36)   $   0.06    $   0.16   $   0.47   $   0.01
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax ........................         --       (0.90)         --         --         --
                                                 --------    --------    --------   --------   --------
Diluted earnings (loss) per share ............   $  (0.36)   $  (0.84)   $   0.16   $   0.47   $   0.01
                                                 ========    ========    ========   ========   ========
Diluted weighted average shares outstanding ..      7,654       7,604       7,637      7,632      7,958


                                                   2003        2002        2001       2000       1999
                                                   ----        ----        ----       ----       ----

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Working capital ..............................   $ 25,071    $ 30,317    $ 31,254   $ 27,154   $ 25,456
Total assets .................................     47,990      52,002      64,386     62,834     66,076
Long-term debt (including
current maturities) ..........................     12,946      16,910      16,195     16,184     20,607
Stockholders' equity .........................     31,940      33,267      39,962     39,096     35,247
</TABLE>

--------------
(1)  Effective January 1, 2002, the Company  implemented FAS 142, which resulted
     in the write off of $10,760 of the net book  value of  goodwill,  offset by
     the future tax benefit thereof in the amount of $3,874.

                                       13
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

     The following  discussion and analysis of the Company's  historical results
of operations and liquidity and capital  resources should be read in conjunction
with  "Selected  Consolidated  Financial  Data" and the  consolidated  financial
statements of the Company and notes thereto appearing elsewhere herein.

Overview

     The Company was incorporated in November,  1988, under the laws of Delaware
as  GPS  Acquisition  Corp.  for  the  purpose  of  acquiring  the  business  of
Blonder-Tongue Laboratories, Inc., a New Jersey corporation which was founded in
1950 by Ben H. Tongue and Isaac S. Blonder to design,  manufacture  and supply a
line of  electronics  and systems  equipment  principally  for the Private Cable
industry.  Following the  acquisition,  the Company  changed its name to Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc.

     The Company's  success is due in part to  management's  efforts to leverage
the Company's  reputation by broadening  its product line to offer one-stop shop
convenience  to private  cable and  franchise  cable system  integrators  and to
deliver products having a high performance-to-cost ratio.

     In December,  1995,  the Company  successfully  concluded an initial public
offering of 2,200,000 shares of its Common Stock.  Thereafter,  in January 1996,
the Company's underwriters exercised their over-allotment option, as a result of
which an additional  181,735 shares of the Company's Common Stock were sold. The
proceeds  received  by the  Company  from  the sale of its  Common  Stock in the
offering (including shares sold pursuant to the over-allotment  option),  net of
expenses  of  the  offering  and  certain  S  Corporation  distributions  to the
Company's principal stockholders,  were approximately  $14,045,000.  These funds
were used to  acquire  the  Company's  Old  Bridge  Facility  and to reduce  the
Company's  outstanding bank debt. The Company has further enhanced its liquidity
through a long-term loan secured by a mortgage against the Old Bridge Facility.

     On March 26, 1998,  the Company  acquired all of the assets and  technology
rights,  including  the  SMI  Interdiction  product  line,  of the  interdiction
business   (the   "Interdiction    Business")   of   Scientific-Atlanta,    Inc.
("Scientific")  for a purchase price consisting of (i) $19 million in cash, (ii)
67,889 shares of the Company's common stock, (iii) a warrant to purchase 150,000
additional  shares of the Company's  common stock at an exercise price of $14.25
per share and (iv)  assumption  by the  Company  of  certain  obligations  under
executory contracts with vendors and customers and certain warranty  obligations
and other  current  liabilities  of the  Interdiction  Business.  The Company is
utilizing the SMI Interdiction product line acquired from Scientific,  which has
been engineered  primarily to serve the franchise cable market,  as a supplement
to the  Company's  VideoMask(TM)  Interdiction  products,  which  are  primarily
focused on the private cable market.

     During June, 2002, the Company formed a venture with Priority Systems,  LLC
and  Paradigm  Capital  Investments,  LLC  for  the  purpose  of  acquiring  the
rights-of-entry for certain multiple dwelling unit cable television systems (the
"Systems")  owned by  affiliates  of Verizon  Communications,  Inc.  The venture
entity, BDR Broadband, 90% of the outstanding capital stock of which is owned by
the Company,  acquired the Systems,  which are comprised of approximately  3,070
existing MDU cable television  subscribers and approximately 7,520 passings. BDR
Broadband paid approximately  $1,880,000 for the Systems, subject to adjustment,
which  constitutes a purchase  price of $575 per  subscriber.  The final closing
date for the  transaction  was on October 1, 2002.  The  Systems  were cash flow
positive  beginning in the first year.  To date,  the Systems have been upgraded
with  approximately  $890,000 of interdiction and other products of the Company.
It is planned that the Systems will be upgraded with  approximately  $500,000 of
additional  interdiction  and other  products of the Company  over the course of
operation.  During July,  2003,  the Company  purchased  the 10% interest in BDR
Broadband that had been originally owned by Paradigm Capital  Investments,  LLC,
for an  aggregate  purchase  price of $35,000,  resulting  in an increase in the
Company's stake in BDR Broadband from 80% to 90%.

     In consideration  for its majority  interest in BDR Broadband,  the Company
advanced  to BDR  Broadband  $250,000,  which was paid to the  sellers as a down
payment  against the final  purchase  price for the  Systems.  The Company  also
agreed to guaranty  payment of the aggregate  purchase  price for the Systems by
BDR Broadband.  The approximately  $1,630,000  balance of the purchase price was
paid by the Company on behalf of

                                       14
<PAGE>

BDR Broadband on November 30, 2002, pursuant to the terms and in satisfaction of
certain promissory notes (the "Seller Notes") executed by BDR Broadband in favor
of the sellers.

     The Company believes that similar opportunities  currently exist to acquire
additional  rights-of-entry  for multiple dwelling unit cable television systems
at historically low prices.  The Company also believes that the model it devised
for acquiring and operating the Systems will be successful and can be replicated
for other transactions with the same or new venture partners.  While the Company
is not actively seeking  opportunities to acquire additional  rights-of-entry at
the present time, if such  opportunities  arise,  the Company would evaluate and
consider them. Moreover, even if attractive opportunities arise, the Company may
need financing to acquire the rights-of-entry for such cable systems. Given that
financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all, the Company may be
unable to pursue these opportunities.

     In March,  2003, the Company entered into a series of agreements,  pursuant
to which the Company acquired a 20% minority interest in NetLinc Communications,
LLC ("NetLinc")  and a 35% minority  interest in Blonder Tongue  Telephone,  LLC
("BTT") (to which the Company has licensed  its name).  The  aggregate  purchase
price  consisted  of (i) up to  $3,500,000  payable over a minimum of two years,
plus (ii) 500,000  shares of the Company's  common stock.  NetLinc owns patents,
proprietary  technology and know-how for certain  telephony  products that allow
Competitive  Local Exchange  Carriers  ("CLECs") to competitively  provide voice
service  to MDUs.  Certain  distributorship  agreements  were also  concurrently
entered into among  NetLinc,  BTT and the Company  pursuant to which the Company
ultimately  acquired the right to  distribute  NetLinc's  telephony  products to
private and  franchise  cable  operators as well as to all buyers for use in MDU
applications.  BTT partners  with CLECs to offer  primary voice service to MDUs,
receiving a portion of the line charges due from the CLECs' telephone customers,
and the Company offers for sale a line of telephony  equipment to complement the
voice service.

     As a result of  NetLinc's  inability to retain a contract  manufacturer  to
manufacture  and  supply  the  products  in a timely  and  consistent  manner in
accordance  with the requisite  specifications,  in September,  2003 the parties
agreed to restructure  the terms of their business  arrangement  entered into in
March, 2003. The restructured  business arrangement was accomplished by amending
certain of the agreements  previously entered into and entering into certain new
agreements.  Some of the principal terms of the restructured arrangement include
increasing  the Company's  economic  ownership in NetLinc from 20% to 50% and in
BTT from 35% to 50%, all at no additional cost to the Company.  The cash portion
of the purchase price in the venture was decreased from $3,500,000 to $1,166,667
and the then outstanding balance of $342,000 was paid in installments of $50,000
per week until it was paid in full in October, 2003. In addition, of the 500,000
shares of common stock  issued to BTT as the non-cash  component of the purchase
price (fair valued at $1,030,000),  one-half  (250,000 shares) have been pledged
to the Company as collateral to secure BTT's  obligation to repay the $1,167,667
cash  component  of  the  purchase   price  to  the  Company  via   preferential
distributions  of cash flow under  BTT's  limited  liability  company  operating
agreement. Under the restructured arrangement,  the Company can purchase similar
telephony  products  directly from third party suppliers other than NetLinc and,
in  connection  therewith,  the Company  would pay certain  future  royalties to
NetLinc  and BTT from  the sale of these  products  by the  Company.  While  the
distributorship  agreements  among  NetLinc,  BTT and the Company  have not been
terminated,  the Company does not anticipate purchasing products from NetLinc in
the near term. NetLinc,  however,  continues to own intellectual property, which
may be  further  developed  and  used in the  future  to  manufacture  and  sell
telephony products under the distributorship agreements.

     In addition to receiving  incremental  revenues  associated with its direct
sales of the  telephony  products,  the  Company  also  anticipates  receiving a
portion of BTT's net income derived from voice-service  revenues through its 50%
stake in BTT. While the events related to the restructuring  resulted in a delay
in the  Company's  anticipated  2003  revenue  stream from the sale of telephony
products,  the Company believes that these revised terms are beneficial and will
result in the Company enjoying higher gross margins on telephony  equipment unit
sales  as  well as an  incrementally  higher  proportion  of  telephony  service
revenues.  Material  incremental  revenues associated with the sale of telephony
products are not presently  anticipated  to be received until at least the third
quarter of 2004.

                                       15
<PAGE>

Results of Operations

     The following table sets forth, for the fiscal periods  indicated,  certain
consolidated  statement  of  earnings  data as a  percentage  of net sales.  The
Company  believes that the product sales in 2004 will be slightly better than in
2003,  with  increases  in the  telephony  and high  speed  data  product  lines
accounting for most of the growth. Gross margin,  although impossible to predict
due to the dependence on product mix, is expected to remain relatively constant.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                               -------------------------
                                                                2003      2002     2001
                                                                ----      ----     ----
<S>                                                            <C>       <C>      <C>
Net sales ................................................     100.0%    100.0%   100.0%
Costs of goods sold ......................................      73.2      72.8     68.9
Gross profit .............................................      26.8      27.2     31.1
Selling expenses .........................................      10.5       8.7      9.3
General and administrative expenses ......................      17.3      10.6     11.6
Research and development expenses ........................       5.2       4.2      4.1
Earnings (loss) from operations ..........................      (6.2)      3.7      6.1
Other expense, net .......................................       3.5       2.3      2.5
Earnings (loss) before income taxes and before cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle .................      (9.7)      1.4      3.6
</TABLE>


2003 Compared with 2002

     Net Sales. Net sales decreased  $11,514,000 or 24.5% to $35,437,000 in 2003
from  $46,951,000  in 2002.  The decrease is attributed to a decrease in capital
spending by cable system  operators and weak overall  economic  conditions.  The
decrease in capital  spending by cable system operators was, in part, the result
of the bankruptcy of WSNET,  which had been a leading provider of programming to
the private cable industry.  As a result of this event, demand for the Company's
digital  products,  particularly  its Motorola  set-top box and QQQT  transcoder
line,  were adversely  affected.  Digital  product sales were $3,312,000 in 2003
compared to  $6,265,000  in 2002.  Included in net sales are  revenues  from BDR
Broadband of $1,094,000 and $250,000 for 2003 and 2002, respectively.

     Cost of Goods Sold.  Cost of goods sold decreased to  $25,948,000  for 2003
from  $34,195,000  for 2002 but increased as a percentage of sales to 73.2% from
72.8%.  The increase as a percentage  of sales is primarily  attributable  to an
increase  in the  inventory  reserve of  $1,576,000  in 2003 as  compared  to an
increase in inventory reserve of $500,000 in 2002, offset by a higher portion of
sales during 2003 being comprised of higher margin products.

     Selling  Expenses.  Selling expenses  decreased to $3,714,000 for 2003 from
$4,069,000 in 2002 but increased as a percentage of sales to 10.5% for 2003 from
8.7% for 2002. This $355,000  decrease is primarily  attributable to a reduction
in advertising of $122,000  achieved through  implementation  of expense control
programs and a reduction of freight of $145,000 and  commissions  of $99,000 due
to reduced sales levels.

     General and Administrative  Expenses.  General and administrative  expenses
increased to  $6,123,000  for 2003 from  $4,991,000  for 2002 and increased as a
percentage  of sales to 17.3% for 2003  from  10.6%  for  2002.  The  $1,132,000
increase  can be  primarily  attributed  to an  increase of $180,000 in bad debt
expense and an increase  of  $1,000,000  in  operating  expenses  related to BDR
Broadband,  offset by a decrease in salaries and fringe benefits of $176,000 due
to a reduction in head count.

     Research  and  Development  Expenses.  Research  and  development  expenses
decreased to $1,833,000 in 2003 from  $1,972,000 in 2002. The $139,000  decrease
is primarily  due to a decrease in salaries and fringe  benefits of $184,000 due
to a  reduction  in head  count,  offset by an  increase  in  licensing  fees of
$38,000.  Research and development expenses as a percentage of sales,  increased
to 5.2% in 2003 from 4.2% in 2002.

     Operating Income (Loss). Operating loss of $2,181,000 for 2003 represents a
decrease of $3,905,000 from operating  income of $1,724,000 for 2002.  Operating
income (loss) as a percentage of sales  decreased to (6.2%) in 2003 from 3.7% in
2002.

                                       16
<PAGE>

     Interest  Expense.  Interest  expense  increased to $1,105,000 in 2003 from
$1,074,000 in 2002. The increase is the result of higher  average  borrowing and
higher interest rates.

     Income Taxes.  The provision  (benefit) for income taxes for 2003 decreased
to a benefit of $691,000 from an expense of $221,000 for 2002 as a result of the
current year loss of $3,440,000  as compared to income of $650,000 in 2002.  The
benefit for the current year loss has been  subject to a valuation  allowance of
$655,000  since the  realization  of the deferred tax benefit is not  considered
more likely than not.

     Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle. During the first three
months of 2002, the Company implemented FAS 142, which resulted in the write off
of  $10,760,000  of the net book  value of  goodwill,  offset by the  future tax
benefit thereof in the amount of $3,874,000.  The net cumulative  effect of this
change in accounting principles was a one-time  non-recurring  $6,886,000 charge
against earnings in the first three months of 2002.

2002 Compared with 2001

     Net sales. Net sales decreased  $6,676,000 or 12.5%, to $46,951,000 in 2002
from  $53,627,000  in 2001.  The decrease in sales is primarily  attributed to a
decrease in capital spending by cable system operators and weak overall economic
conditions.  The  substantially  higher sales  recorded in the prior fiscal year
were primarily  attributable to higher  interdiction  sales.  Net sales included
approximately   $3,736,000  of  interdiction  equipment  for  2002  compared  to
approximately $7,962,000 in 2001.

     Cost of Goods Sold.  Cost of goods sold decreased to  $34,195,000  for 2002
from $36,928,000 for 2001, primarily due to decreased volume, and increased as a
percentage  of sales to 72.8% in 2002  from  68.9% in 2001.  The  increase  as a
percentage of sales was caused primarily by a greater proportion of sales during
the period being comprised of lower margin products,  including the Motorola QAM
decoder which was introduced in the fourth quarter of 2001.

     Selling  Expenses.  Selling  expenses  decreased to $4,069,000 in 2002 from
$5,009,000 in 2001,  and decreased as a percentage of sales to 8.7% in 2002 from
9.3% in 2001. The $940,000  decrease is primarily  attributable to a decrease in
wages and fringe benefits of $369,000 related to a decrease in headcount,  along
with a decrease in advertising of $419,000  achieved through  implementation  of
expense control programs.

     General and Administrative  Expenses.  General and administrative  expenses
decreased to  $4,991,000  in 2002 from  $6,200,000  in 2001,  and decreased as a
percentage of sales to 10.6% in 2002 from 11.6% in 2001. The $1,209,000 decrease
is primarily attributable to a $970,000 reduction in amortization expense due to
the  adoption of FAS 142 which  required the Company to  discontinue  amortizing
goodwill, as well as a reduction in bad debts of $180,000.

     Research  and  Development  Expenses.  Research  and  development  expenses
decreased to  $1,972,000  in 2002 from  $2,200,000  in 2001,  and increased as a
percentage of sales to 4.2% in 2002 from 4.1% in 2001. The $228,000  decrease is
primarily  attributable  to a $56,000  decrease  in  licensing  fees,  a $65,000
decrease in consulting  fees, a $34,000 decrease in department  supplies,  and a
$30,000 decrease in salaries and fringe benefits due to a decrease in headcount.

     Earnings from  Operations.  Earnings  from  operations  decreased  48.4% to
$1,724,000  in 2002 from  $3,290,000  in 2001.  Earnings  from  operations  as a
percentage of sales decreased to 3.7% in 2002 from 6.1% in 2001.

     Other Income (Expense).  Other income (expense)  consisted of $1,074,000 of
interest expense in 2002. Other income (expense) in 2001 consisted of $1,369,000
of interest expense. The decrease in interest expense is primarily  attributable
to a reduction in the Company's long term debt and lower average interest rates.

     Income Taxes. The provision for income taxes for 2002 decreased to $221,000
from  $704,000  in 2001,  as a result  of a  decrease  in  taxable  income.  The
effective tax rate decreased to 34% in 2002 from 36.6% in 2001 due to a writeoff
of overaccrued federal and state taxes.

                                       17
<PAGE>

     Cumulative  Effect.  During the year ended  December 31, 2002,  the Company
implemented  FAS 142,  which resulted in the write off of $10,760,000 of the net
book value of goodwill,  offset by the future tax benefit  thereof in the amount
of $3,874,000. The net cumulative effect of this change in accounting principles
was a non-recurring $6,886,000 charge against earnings in the first three months
of 2002.

Inflation and Seasonality

     Inflation and seasonality  have not had a material impact on the results of
operations  of the Company.  Fourth  quarter  sales in 2003 as compared to other
quarters were slightly  impacted by fewer  production  days. The Company expects
sales each year in the fourth quarter to be impacted by fewer production days.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     As of  December  31,  2003 and 2002,  the  Company's  working  capital  was
$25,071,000 and  $30,317,000,  respectively.  The decrease in working capital is
attributable  primarily to a decrease of  long-term  debt of  $3,964,000  and an
investment in Blonder Tongue Telephone, LLC of $1,167,000.

     The Company's net cash provided by operating  activities for the year ended
December 31, 2003 was  $5,686,000  primarily due to a reduction of $2,596,000 in
inventory  and  $671,000  in  accounts  receivable  and an  increase in accounts
payable and accrued  expenses of  $1,474,000,  compared to net cash  provided by
operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2002 of $1,257,000.

     Cash used in investing  activities was $1,669,000,  which was  attributable
primarily  to capital  expenditures  for new  computers  and test  equipment  of
$954,000 and $1,167,000 cash investment in Blonder Tongue Telephone, LLC, offset
by  collection of a note  receivable of $630,000.  The Company does not have any
present plans or commitments for material  capital  expenditures for fiscal year
2004,  other  than  anticipated   expenditures  of  approximately   $500,000  in
connection with certain upgrades of the BDR Broadband Systems.

     Cash used in  financing  activities  was  $4,080,000  for the period  ended
December 31,  2003,  comprised  primarily  of  repayment  of  long-term  debt of
$14,460,000 offset by $10,496,000 in borrowing of long term debt.

     On March 20, 2002 the Company entered into a credit agreement with Commerce
Bank,  N.A. for a  $19,500,000  credit  facility,  comprised of (i) a $7,000,000
revolving  line of credit  under which  funds may be  borrowed at LIBOR,  plus a
margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.50%, in each case depending on the calculation of
certain financial  covenants,  with a floor of 5% through March 19, 2003, (ii) a
$9,000,000  term loan which bore interest at a rate of 6.75%  through  September
30, 2002,  and  thereafter  at a fixed rate ranging from 6.50% to 7.25% to reset
quarterly  depending on the calculation of certain financial covenants and (iii)
a  $3,500,000  mortgage  loan  bearing  interest at 7.5%.  Borrowings  under the
revolving line of credit are limited to certain percentages of eligible accounts
receivable  and  inventory,  as  defined  in the  credit  agreement.  The credit
facility  is  collateralized  by a  security  interest  in all of the  Company's
assets.  The agreement  also contains  restrictions  that require the Company to
maintain certain financial ratios as well as restrictions on the payment of cash
dividends.  The initial  maturity  date of the line of credit with Commerce Bank
was March 20, 2004. The term loan requires equal monthly  principal  payments of
$187,000 and matures on April 1, 2006.  The mortgage loan requires equal monthly
principal payments of $19,000 and matures on April 1, 2017. The mortgage loan is
callable after five years at the lender's option.

     In November  2003,  the Company's  credit  agreement with Commerce Bank was
amended to modify the interest rate and amortization schedule for certain of the
loans thereunder, as well as to modify one of the financial covenants. Beginning
November 1, 2003,  the revolving  line of credit bore interest at the prime rate
plus 1.5%,  with a floor of 5.5% (5.5% at December 31, 2003),  and the term loan
bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.5%. Beginning December 1, 2003, the term loan
required equal monthly principal payments of $193,000 plus interest with a final
payment on April 1, 2006 of all remaining unpaid principal and interest.

     At March 31, 2003, June 30, 2003, September 30, 2003 and December 31, 2003,
the Company was unable to meet one of its financial covenants required under its
credit agreement with Commerce Bank, which non-compliance was waived by the Bank
effective as of each such date.

                                       18
<PAGE>

     In March 2004,  the  Company's  credit  agreement  with  Commerce  Bank was
amended to (i) extend the  maturity  date of the line of credit  until  April 1,
2005,  (ii)  reduce the maximum  amount  that may be borrowed  under the line of
credit to $6,000,000,  (iii) suspend the applicability of the cash flow coverage
ratio  covenant  until  March 31,  2005,  (iv) impose a new  financial  covenant
requiring the Company to achieve certain levels of  consolidated  pre-tax income
on a quarterly  basis  commencing  with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2004,
and (v) require that the Company make a prepayment  against its outstanding term
loan to the Bank equal to 100% of the amount of any  prepayment  received by the
Company on its  outstanding  note  receivable  from a customer,  up to a maximum
amount of $500,000.

     At December 31, 2003, there was $4,136,000  outstanding under the revolving
line of credit.  The Company has the ability to borrow $2,864,000 under its line
of credit,  however only $2,167,000 was available at December 31, 2003, based on
the Company's current collateral. This commitment expires on April 1, 2005.

     The average amount  outstanding on the Company's line of credit during 2003
was $5,269,000 at a weighted  average  interest rate of 5.0%. The maximum amount
outstanding on the line of credit during 2003 was $6,171,000.

     The Company has from time to time  experienced  short-term cash requirement
issues.  In 2002, the Company paid  approximately  $1,880,000 in connection with
acquiring its majority interest in BDR Broadband and paying off the Seller Notes
for BDR Broadband.  In addition,  the Company will incur additional  obligations
related to royalties, if any, in connection with its $1,167,000 cash investments
during 2003, in NetLinc and BTT. While the Company's  existing  lender agreed to
allow the Company to fund both the BDR Broadband obligations and the NetLinc/BTT
obligations using its line of credit,  such lender did not agree to increase the
maximum amount available under such line of credit. These expenditures,  coupled
with the March 2004  amendment to the Company's  credit  agreement with Commerce
Bank described above, and certain near-term funding requirements relating to the
purchase  of a large  quantity  of  high-speed  data  products,  will reduce the
Company's  working  capital.  The Company is exploring  various  alternatives to
enhance its working  capital,  including  inventory-related  pricing and product
reengineering efforts, as well as restructuring its long-term debt with Commerce
Bank or seeking alternative  financing.  During 2003, BDR Broadband had positive
cash flow,  which is expected to continue in 2004. As such, BDR Broadband is not
presently anticipated to adversely impact the Company's working capital.

                                       19
<PAGE>

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

     At December 31, 2003, the Company's contractual obligations and commitments
to make future payments are as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Payment Due by Period
                                                           ---------------------
                                                Less than                                More than
                                   Total          1 year     1-3 years      3-5 years      5 years
                                 -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Long-Term Debt Obligations       $12,473,000   $ 3,043,000   $ 7,039,000   $   466,000   $ 1,925,000

Capital Lease Obligations            473,000       158,000       315,000            --            --

Operating Leases                     120,000        89,000        31,000            --            --

Purchase Commitments (1)          17,489,000    17,489,000            --            --            --

Consulting Agreement                 152,000       152,000            --            --            --

Interest on Long-Term Debt and
Capital Lease Obligations          1,999,000       779,000       752,000       324,000       144,000
                                 -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------

Total Contractual Obligations    $32,706,000   $21,709,000   $ 8,138,000   $   790,000   $ 2,069,000
                                 ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========
</TABLE>
----------
(1) Purchase  commitments  consist  primarily of obligations to purchase certain
raw materials and finished goods inventory to be utilized in the ordinary course
of business.

Critical Accounting Policies

     The Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles  generally  accepted  in  the  United  States.   Preparing  financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles requires
the Company to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported  amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as
of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses  during  the  reporting  period.  The  following  paragraphs  include a
discussion of some critical areas where estimates are required.  You should also
review Note 1 to the financial  statements for further discussion of significant
accounting policies.

Revenue Recognition

     The Company records revenue when products are shipped. Legal title and risk
of loss with respect to the products pass to customers at the point of shipment.
Customers do not have a right to return products shipped.

Inventory and Obsolescence

     Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market. The Company continually
ensures  that  slow-moving  and  obsolete  inventory  is written down to its net
realizable value by reviewing  current  quantities on hand, actual and projected
sales volumes and anticipated selling prices on products. Generally, the Company
does not experience material issues with obsolete inventory due to the nature of
its products being  interchangeable  within various  product  offerings.  If the
Company were not able to achieve its expectations of the net realizable value of
the  inventory  at its  current  value,  the  Company  would  have to adjust its
reserves  accordingly.  However, from time to time, the Company will reserve for
excess and obsolete  inventory.  The Company  analyzed its current product sales
trends and determined that sales of certain  products which were  anticipated to
have increased in the latter part of the current year did not materialize.  As a
result, during 2003 and 2002 the Company recorded an increase

                                       20
<PAGE>

to its reserve of $1,576,000  and $500,000,  respectively.  As these factors are
difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter  management
assumptions, these allowances may need to be adjusted in the future.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

     Management  periodically  performs  a detailed  review of amounts  due from
customers  to determine if accounts  receivable  balances are impaired  based on
factors affecting the collectibility of those balances.  Management's  estimates
of  the  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  requires   management  to  exercise
significant  judgment  about the timing,  frequency  and severity of  collection
losses,  which  affects  the  allowances  and net income.  As these  factors are
difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter  management
assumptions, these allowances may need to be adjusted in the future.

Long-Lived Assets

     On a periodic basis,  management  assesses whether there are any indicators
that the value of the Company's  long-lived  assets may be impaired.  An asset's
value may be impaired only if management's estimate of the aggregate future cash
flows, on an undiscounted  basis, to be generated by the asset are less than the
carrying value of the asset.

     If impairment has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the
carrying  amount of the asset over the fair value of the long-lived  asset.  The
Company's  estimates of aggregate  future cash flows expected to be generated by
each long-lived  asset are based on a number of assumptions  that are subject to
economic and market uncertainties. As these factors are difficult to predict and
are subject to future events that may alter management's assumptions, the future
cash flows  estimated  by  management  in their  impairment  analyses may not be
achieved.

New Accounting Pronouncements


     In January 2003, the Financial  Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB") issued
FASB  Interpretation  No. 46,  Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities ("FIN
46").  FIN 46 addresses the  consolidation  by business  enterprises of variable
interest  entities,  as defined in the  Interpretation.  FIN 46 expands existing
accounting  guidance  regarding  when a company  should include in its financial
statements  the assets,  liabilities,  and  activities of another  entity.  Many
variable  interest  entities have  commonly been referred to as  special-purpose
entities or  off-balance  sheet  structures.  In December  2003, the FASB issued
Interpretation No. 46R ("FIN 46R"), a revision to FIN 46. FIN 46R clarifies some
of the provisions of FIN 46 and exempts certain entities from its  requirements.
FIN 46R is effective at the end of the first  interim  period ending after March
15,  2004.  The  Company  believes  that the  adoption of FIN 46 will not have a
material impact on the Company's  financial  position,  results of operations or
cash flows.

     In July 2003, the FASB issued Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No. 150,  Accounting for Certain Financial  Instruments With  Characteristics of
Both Liabilities and Equity ("SFAS 150").  SFAS 150 requires the shares that are
mandatorily  redeemable for cash or other assets at a specified or  determinable
date or upon an event certain to occur to be classified as  liabilities,  not as
part of shareholders'  equity.  This pronouncement does not currently impact the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

     Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue No. 00-21,  "Revenue Arrangements
with Multiple  Deliverables," is effective for revenue arrangements entered into
in  fiscal  periods  beginning  after  June 15,  2003.  The EITF  addresses  the
accounting for revenue generating  arrangements involving multiple deliverables.
This EITF does not currently apply to the Company.

Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results and Market Price of Stock

     Blonder Tongue's business  operates in a rapidly changing  environment that
involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond the Company's control.  The
following  discussion  highlights  some of these risks,  which are not otherwise
addressed  elsewhere in this Annual  Report.  There can be no assurance that the
Company will anticipate the evolution of industry  standards in cable television
or the  communications  industry  generally,

                                       21
<PAGE>

changes in the market and customer needs, or that  technologies and applications
under development by the Company will be successfully  developed, or if they are
successfully   developed,   that  they  will  achieve  market  acceptance.   The
competition  to attract and retain highly  skilled  engineering,  manufacturing,
marketing  and  managerial  personnel  is  intense.  Capital  spending  by cable
operators for constructing,  rebuilding,  maintaining or upgrading their systems
(upon which the Company's sales and profitability are dependent) is dependent on
a variety of  factors,  including  access to  financing,  demand for their cable
services,  availability of alternative video delivery technologies,  and general
economic conditions.  Factors such as announcements of technological innovations
or new products by the Company,  its  competitors  or third  parties,  quarterly
variations in the Company's actual or anticipated results of operations,  market
conditions for emerging  growth stocks or cable industry  stocks in general,  or
the  failure of  revenues  or  earnings  in any  quarter to meet the  investment
community's  expectations,  may cause the market price of the  Company's  Common
Stock to  fluctuate  significantly.  The  stock  price may also be  affected  by
broader market trends unrelated to the Company's performance.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The  market  risk  inherent  in the  Company's  financial  instruments  and
positions represents the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest
rates.  At December  31,  2003 and 2002 the  principal  amount of the  Company's
aggregate  outstanding variable rate indebtedness was $4,136,000 and $5,650,000,
respectively.  A  hypothetical  100 basis point adverse change in interest rates
would have had an annualized  unfavorable  impact of  approximately  $41,000 and
$57,000, respectively, on the Company's earnings and cash flows based upon these
year-end  debt  levels.  At  December  31,  2003,  the  Company did not have any
derivative financial instruments.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Incorporated by reference from the  consolidated  financial  statements and
notes thereto of the Company, which are attached hereto beginning on page 29.

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     The Company  carried out an evaluation,  under the supervision and with the
participation  of  its  principal  executive  officer  and  principal  financial
officer,  of the  effectiveness  of the design and  operation  of the  Company's
disclosure  controls and  procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on this evaluation,  the Company's principal executive officer and
principal financial officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures  are  effective  in  timely  alerting  them to  material  information
required to be included in the  Company's  periodic  SEC  reports.  It should be
noted that the design of any system of  controls  is based in part upon  certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving  its stated goals under all  potential
future conditions,  regardless of how remote;  however,  the Company's principal
executive  officer and  principal  financial  officer  have  concluded  that the
Company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  are  effective at a reasonable
assurance level.

     In  addition,  the Company  reviewed its  internal  control over  financial
reporting  and there have been no changes  during the  Company's  fourth  fiscal
quarter in the  Company's  internal  control over  financial  reporting,  to the
extent that elements of internal  control over financial  reporting are subsumed
within disclosure controls and procedures,  that has materially affected,  or is
reasonably  likely to materially  affect,  the Company's  internal  control over
financial reporting.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information about the Company's directors and executive  officers,  its
Audit Committee and the Audit Committee's  "audit committee  financial  expert,"
and  the  procedures  by  which  nominees  are  recommended

                                       22
<PAGE>

to the Board, is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading
"Directors and Executive Officers" in the Company's proxy statement for its 2004
Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  Information about compliance with Section 16(a)
of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 is  incorporated  by reference from the
discussion  under the heading  "Section  16(a)  Beneficial  Ownership  Reporting
Compliance"  in the Company's  proxy  statement  for its 2004 Annual  Meeting of
Stockholders.

     Each of the  Company's  directors,  officers  and  employee are required to
comply with the Blonder Tongue Laboratories,  Inc. Code of Ethics adopted by the
Company.  The Code of Ethics  sets  forth  policies  covering  a broad  range of
subjects and requires strict adherence to laws and regulations applicable to the
Company's business.  The Code of Ethics is available on the Company's website at
www.blondertongue.com,  under the "Investor  Relations-Code of Ethics" captions.
The Company will post to its website any  amendments  to the Code of Ethics,  or
waiver from the provisions  thereof for executive  officers or directors,  under
the "Investor Relations-Code of Ethics" caption.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Information  about director and executive  compensation  is incorporated by
reference  from the  discussion  under the headings  "Directors'  Compensation,"
"Executive   Compensation,"  "Report  of  Compensation  Committee  on  Executive
Compensation  Policies" and  "Comparative  Stock  Performance"  in the Company's
proxy statement for its 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND
          RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     Information  about  security  ownership  of certain  beneficial  owners and
management is  incorporated  by reference from the discussion  under the heading
"Security  Ownership  of  Certain  Beneficial  Owners  and  Management"  in  the
Company's proxy statement for its 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

                            EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS

     The following table provides certain summary information as of December 31,
2003,   concerning   compensation  plans  (including   individual   compensation
arrangements)  of the Company under which shares of the  Company's  Common Stock
may be issued.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Equity Compensation Plan Information

                                                                                               Number Of Securities
                                         Number Of Securities                                 Remaining Available For
                                          To Be Issued Upon          Weighted-Average       Future Issuance Under Equity
                                             Exercise Of            Exercise Price Of      Compensation Plans (Excluding
                                         Outstanding Options,      Outstanding Options,       Securities Reflected In
              Plan Category              Warrants And Rights(#)   Warrants And Rights($)        The First Column)(#)
              -------------              ----------------------   ----------------------        --------------------
<S>                                            <C>                        <C>                          <C>
   Equity Compensation Plans Approved          1,219,611                  $5.19                        161,328(1)
   By Securities Holders

   Equity Compensation Plans Not                  10,000(2)               $6.88                              0
   Approved By Securities Holders

   Total                                       1,229,611                  $5.20                        161,328
</TABLE>

----------
(1)  Includes 25,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock available for issuance
     as  restricted  stock  under the 1995 Long Term  Incentive  Plan (the "1995
     Plan").

(2)  In 1996 the Board of Directors granted a non-plan, non-qualified option for
     10,000  shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock to Gary P.  Scharmett at an
     original  exercise  price of $10.25 per share,  which was repriced to $6.88
     per share on September 17, 1998. The option expires in 2006. At the time of
     the grant, Mr. Scharmett was not a director of the Company.

                                       23
<PAGE>


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Information  about  certain  relationships  and  transactions  with related
parties is  incorporated  by  reference  from the  discussion  under the heading
"Certain   Relationships  and  Related  Transactions"  in  the  Company's  proxy
statement for its 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

     Information  about procedures  related to the engagement of the independent
auditors and fees and services paid to the independent  auditors is incorporated
by reference from the discussion  under the headings  "Audit and Other Fees Paid
to Independent  Auditors" and  "Pre-Approval  Policy for Services by Independent
Auditors"  in the  Company's  proxy  statement  for its 2004  Annual  Meeting of
Stockholders.


                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)(1) Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

      Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants......................30

      Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2003 and 2002............31

      Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
      December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001........................................32

      Consolidated  Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the
      Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001............................33

      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
      December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001........................................34

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..............................35

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules.

     Included in Part IV of this report:

     Schedule II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

     All  other  schedules  for  which  provision  is  made  in  the  applicable
accounting  regulations  of the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  are  not
required under the applicable  instructions  or are  inapplicable  and therefore
have been omitted.

(a)(3) Exhibits

     The  exhibits are listed in the Index to Exhibits  appearing  below and are
filed herewith or are  incorporated  by reference to exhibits  previously  filed
with the Commission.

(b) On November  12, 2003,  the Company  filed a Form 8-K relating to Item 12 of
such Form. The information  under Item 12 related to the Company's  November 10,
2003 press  release  announcing  its unaudited  financial  results for the third
quarter ended September 30, 2003.

                                       24
<PAGE>

(c)  Index to Exhibits:

Exhibit #       Description                             Location
---------       -----------                             --------

3.1             Restated     Certificate    of  Incorporated by reference from
                Incorporation    of    Blonder  Exhibit  3.1  to  Registrant's
                Tongue Laboratories, Inc.       S-1 Registration Statement No.
                                                33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                                                1995, as amended.

3.2             Restated   Bylaws  of  Blonder  Incorporated by reference from
                Tongue Laboratories, Inc.       Exhibit  3.2  to  Registrant's
                                                S-1 Registration Statement No.
                                                33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                                                1995, as amended.

4.1             Specimen of stock certificate.  Incorporated by reference from
                                                Exhibit  4.1  to  Registrant's
                                                S-1 Registration Statement No.
                                                33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                                                1995, as amended.

10.1            Consulting  Agreement,   dated  Incorporated by reference from
                January   1,   1995,   between  Exhibit  10.3 to  Registrant's
                Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  S-1 Registration Statement No.
                Inc. and James H. Williams.     33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                                                1995, as amended.

10.2            1994  Incentive  Stock  Option  Incorporated by reference from
                Plan.                           Exhibit  10.5 to  Registrant's
                                                S-1 Registration Statement No.
                                                33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                                                1995, as amended.

10.3            1995 Long Term Incentive Plan.  Incorporated by reference from
                                                Exhibit  10.6 to  Registrant's
                                                S-1 Registration Statement No.
                                                33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                                                1995, as amended.

10.4            First  Amendment  to the  1995  Incorporated by reference from
                Plan.                           Exhibit       10.5(a)       to
                                                Registrant's  Quarterly Report
                                                on Form  10-Q  for the  period
                                                ended March 31, 1997.

10.5            Second  Amendment  to the 1995  Incorporated by reference from
                Plan.                           Exhibit     4.3     to     S-8
                                                Registration   Statement   No.
                                                333-52519  originally filed on
                                                May 13, 1998.

10.6            Third  Amendment  to the  1995  Incorporated by reference from
                Plan.                           Exhibit     4.4     to     S-8
                                                Registration   Statement   No.
                                                333-37670,   originally  filed
                                                May 23, 2000.

10.7            Fourth  Amendment  to the 1995  Incorporated by reference from
                Plan.                           Exhibit     4.5     to     S-8
                                                Registration   Statement   No.
                                                33-96993,   originally   filed
                                                July 24, 2002.

10.8            Amended  and   Restated   1996  Incorporated by reference from
                Director Option Plan.           Appendix  B  to   Registrant's
                                                Proxy  Statement  for its 1998
                                                Annual        Meeting       of
                                                Stockholders,  filed March 27,
                                                1998.

10.9            First Amendment to the Amended  Incorporated by reference from
                and  Restated   1996  Director  Exhibit     4.2     to     S-8
                Option Plan.                    Registration   Statement   No.
                                                333-111367,  originally  filed
                                                on December 19, 2003.

10.10           Form    of     Indemnification  Incorporated by reference from
                Agreement   entered   into  by  Exhibit 10.10 to  Registrant's
                Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  S-1 Registration Statement No.
                Inc.  in  favor of each of its  33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                Directors and Officers.         1995, as amended.

                                       25
<PAGE>

Exhibit #       Description                             Location
---------       -----------                             --------

10.11           VideoCipher(R) IICM Commercial  Incorporated by reference from
                Descrambler    Module   Master  Exhibit 10.11 to  Registrant's
                Purchase      and      License  S-1 Registration Statement No.
                Agreement,  dated  August  23,  33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                1990,  between  Blonder Tongue  1995, as amended.
                Laboratories,     Inc.     and
                Cable/Home Communication Corp.

+10.12          Patent   License    Agreement,  Incorporated by reference from
                dated August 21, 1995, between  Exhibit 10.12 to  Registrant's
                Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  S-1 Registration Statement No.
                Inc.  and Philips  Electronics  33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                North America Corporation.      1995, as amended.

+10.13          Interdiction        Technology  Incorporated by reference from
                License    Agreement,    dated  Exhibit 10.13 to  Registrant's
                August   21,   1995,   between  S-1 Registration Statement No.
                Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                Inc.  and  Philips   Broadband  1995, as amended.
                Networks, Inc.

10.14           Bargaining Unit Pension Plan.   Incorporated by reference from
                                                Exhibit     10.22    to    S-1
                                                Registration   Statement   No.
                                                33-98070,  filed  October  12,
                                                1995, as amended.

10.15           Executive Officer Bonus Plan.   Incorporated by reference from
                                                Exhibit  10.3 to  Registrant's
                                                Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                                                for the period ended March 31,
                                                1997, filed May 13, 1997.

10.16           Second Amendment to Consulting  Incorporated by reference from
                and Non-Competition  Agreement  Exhibit  10.1 to  Registrant's
                between  Registrant  and James  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                H. Williams,  dated as of June  for the period  ended June 30,
                30, 2000.                       2000, filed August 14, 2000.

10.17           Loan  and  Security  Agreement  Incorporated by reference from
                dated March 20,  2002  between  Exhibit  10.1 to  Registrant's
                Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Inc. and Commerce Bank, N.A.    for the  period  ending  March
                                                31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

10.18           Revolving  Credit  Note  dated  Incorporated by reference from
                March  20,   2002  by  Blonder  Exhibit  10.2 to  Registrant's
                Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc. in  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                favor of Commerce Bank, N.A.    for the  period  ending  March
                                                31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

10.19           Term Loan A Note  dated  March  Incorporated by reference from
                20,  2002  by  Blonder  Tongue  Exhibit  10.3 to  Registrant's
                Laboratories, Inc. in favor of  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Commerce Bank, N.A.             for the  period  ending  March
                                                31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

10.20           Term Loan B Note  dated  March  Incorporated by reference from
                20,  2002  by  Blonder  Tongue  Exhibit  10.4 to  Registrant's
                Laboratories, Inc. in favor of  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Commerce Bank, N.A.             for the  period  ending  March
                                                31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

10.21           Mortgage,  Security  Agreement  Incorporated by reference from
                and Fixture Filing dated March  Exhibit  10.5 to  Registrant's
                20,  2002,   between   Blonder  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Tongue Laboratories,  Inc. and  for the  period  ending  March
                Commerce Bank, N.A.             31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

10.22           Assignment of Rents and Leases  Incorporated by reference from
                made   by    Blonder    Tongue  Exhibit  10.6 to  Registrant's
                Laboratories, Inc. in favor of  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Commerce Bank, N.A.             for the  period  ending  March
                                                31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

10.23           Patent   Security    Agreement  Incorporated by reference from
                dated   March   20,   2002  by  Exhibit  10.7 to  Registrant's
                Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Inc.   in  favor  of  Commerce  for the  period  ending  March
                Bank, N.A.                      31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

                                       26
<PAGE>
Exhibit #       Description                             Location
---------       -----------                             --------

10.24           Trademark  Security  Agreement  Incorporated by reference from
                dated   March   20,   2002  by  Exhibit  10.8 to  Registrant's
                Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Inc.   in  favor  of  Commerce  for the  period  ending  March
                Bank, N.A.                      31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

10.25           Surety  Agreement  dated March  Incorporated by reference from
                20,  2002  by  Blonder  Tongue  Exhibit  10.9 to  Registrant's
                Investment Company in favor of  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Commerce Bank, N.A.             for the  period  ending  March
                                                31, 2002, filed May 15, 2002.

10.26           Capital Contribution Agreement  Incorporated   by   referenced
                between     Blonder     Tongue  from     Exhibit    10.1    to
                Telephone,    LLC,    Resource  Registrant's  Quarterly Report
                Investment,   LLC,   H.  Tyler  on Form  10-Q  for the  period
                Bell, NetLinc  Communications,  ending   March  31,  2003  and
                LLC   and    Blonder    Tongue  filed May 15, 2003.
                Laboratories,    Inc.,   dated
                March 26, 2003.

10.27           Amendment      to      Capital  Incorporated by reference from
                Contribution   Agreement   and  Exhibit  10.1 to  Registrant's
                Termination      of     Letter  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                Agreement among Blonder Tongue  for    the    period    ending
                Telephone,    LLC,    Resource  September   30,  2003,   filed
                Investment   Group,   LLC,  H.  November 14, 2003.
                Tyler      Bell,       NetLinc
                Communications,     LLC    and
                Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,
                Inc.,  dated  as of  September
                11, 2003.

10.28           Loan  and  Security  Agreement  Filed herewith.
                dated    November   19,   2003
                between     Blonder     Tongue
                Laboratories,  Inc. and Robert
                J. Palle, Jr.

10.29           Non-Recourse  Line  of  Credit  Filed herewith.
                Note dated  November  19, 2003
                by       Blonder        Tongue
                Laboratories, Inc. in favor of
                Robert J. Palle, Jr.

10.30           First  Amendment  and Waiver    Filed herewith.
                to Loan and Security  Agreement
                between Blonder  Tongue
                Laboratories, Inc. and Commerce
                Bank,  N.A., dated November 14,
                2003.

10.31           Collateral   Pledge  Agreement  Filed herewith.
                between     Blonder     Tongue
                Laboratories,     Inc.     and
                Commerce  Bank,   N.A.,  dated
                November 14, 2003.

21              Subsidiaries of Blonder Tongue  Filed herewith.
                Laboratories, Inc.

23              Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP.    Filed herewith.

31.1            Certification   of   James  A.  Filed herewith.
                Luksch pursuant to Section 302
                of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
                2002.

31.2            Certification  of Eric Skolnik  Filed herewith.
                pursuant to Section 302 of the
                Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1            Certification    pursuant   to  Filed herewith.
                Section     906     of     the
                Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

----------

     +    Certain portions of exhibit have been afforded confidential  treatment
          by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

          Exhibits 10.1 - 10.9, 10.15 and 10.16 represent  management  contracts
          or compensation plans or arrangements.

(d)  Financial Statement Schedules:

     Report of BDO Seidman,  LLP on financial  statement schedule is included on
page 51 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

                                       27
<PAGE>

     The following  financial  statement schedule is included on page 52 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K:

     Schedule II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

     All  other  schedules  for  which  provision  is  made  in  the  applicable
accounting  regulations  of the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  are  not
required under the applicable  instructions  or are  inapplicable  and therefore
have been omitted.




                                       28
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants..........................30

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2003 and 2002................31

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December
31, 2003, 2002 and 2001.....................................................32

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended
December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001............................................33

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December
31, 2003, 2002 and 2001.....................................................34

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................................35

                                       29
<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
               --------------------------------------------------


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.:
Old Bridge, New Jersey


We have audited the accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets of Blonder Tongue
Laboratories,  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  as of December 31, 2003 and 2002 and the
related  consolidated  statements of operations,  stockholders'  equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2003.  These
financial  statements are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly,  in all material  respects,  the  financial  position of Blonder  Tongue
Laboratories,  Inc. and  subsidiaries  as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the
results of their  operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended  December 31, 2003 in  conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

As  explained  in Note 1 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  effective
January 1, 2002, Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., and subsidiaries adopted the
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, "Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets."


/s/ BDO Seidman, LLP

BDO Seidman, LLP
Woodbridge, New Jersey

February 27, 2004, except for Note 4
for which the date is March 29, 2004

                                       30
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                             --------------------
                                                                               2003       2002
                                                                             --------    --------
              Assets (Note 4)
Current assets:
<S>                                                                          <C>         <C>
     Cash ................................................................   $    195    $    258
     Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
     accounts of $1,192 and $715 respectively (Note 8) ...................      5,682       6,713
     Inventories, net (Note 2) ...........................................     20,588      24,760
     Notes receivable (Note 14) ..........................................        627         459
     Income tax receivable ...............................................        679         170
     Prepaid benefit costs (Note 6) ......................................        631          --
     Prepaid and other current assets ....................................        695         556
     Deferred income taxes (Note 12) .....................................      2,279       1,858
                                                                             --------    --------
         Total current assets ............................................     31,376      34,774
Notes receivable (Note 14) ...............................................        216       1,019
Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated
    depreciation and amortization (Notes 3 and 5) ........................      6,652       6,831
Patents, net .............................................................      2,649       3,120
Rights-of-Entry, net (Note 13) ...........................................      1,300       1,396
Other assets, net ........................................................        851         951
Investment in Blonder Tongue Telephone LLC (Note 13) .....................      2,043          --
Deferred income taxes (Note 12) ..........................................      2,903       3,911
                                                                             --------    --------
                                                                             $ 47,990    $ 52,002
                                                                             ========    ========
              Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
     Current portion of long-term debt (Note 4) ..........................   $  3,201    $  2,632
     Accounts payable ....................................................      1,676         888
     Accrued compensation ................................................        560         514
     Accrued benefit liability (Note 6) ..................................         --         196
     Other accrued expenses (Note 7) .....................................        868         227
                                                                             --------    --------
         Total current liabilities .......................................      6,305       4,457
                                                                             --------    --------

Long-term debt (Note 4) ..................................................      9,745      14,278
Commitments and contingencies (Notes 5, 6 and 7) .........................         --          --
Stockholders' equity (Notes 6, 9 and 11):
     Preferred stock, $.001 par value; authorized 5,000 shares;
     no shares outstanding ...............................................         --          --
     Common stock, $.001 par value; authorized 25,000 shares, 8,445 shares
     Issued ..............................................................          8           8
     Paid-in capital .....................................................     24,145      24,145
     Retained earnings ...................................................     13,242      15,991
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss ................................         --        (508)
     Treasury stock, at cost, 449 shares and 879 shares, respectively ....     (5,455)     (6,369)
                                                                             --------    --------
         Total stockholders' equity ......................................     31,940      33,267
                                                                             --------    --------
                                                                             $ 47,990    $ 52,002
                                                                             ========    ========
</TABLE>

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       31
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                   --------------------------------
                                                                     2003       2002        2001
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>         <C>
Net sales (Note 8) .............................................   $ 35,437    $ 46,951    $ 53,627
Cost of goods sold .............................................     25,948      34,195      36,928
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
    Gross profit ...............................................      9,489      12,756      16,699
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
Operating expenses:
    Selling expenses ...........................................      3,714       4,069       5,009
    General and administrative (Notes 5, 6, and 7) .............      6,123       4,991       6,200
    Research and development ...................................      1,833       1,972       2,200
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
                                                                     11,670      11,032      13,409
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
Earnings (loss) from operations ................................     (2,181)      1,724       3,290
                                                                   --------    --------    --------

Other expense:
    Interest expense, net ......................................     (1,105)     (1,074)     (1,369)
    Equity in loss of Blonder Telephone, LLC (Note 13) .........       (154)         --          --
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
                                                                     (1,259)     (1,074)     (1,369)
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
Earnings (loss) before income taxes ............................     (3,440)        650       1,921
Provision (benefit) for income taxes (Note 12) .................       (691)        221         704
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
Earnings (loss) before cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax ..........................................     (2,749)        429       1,217
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle, net of tax (Note 1) ..............................         --      (6,886)         --
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
Net (loss) earnings ............................................   $ (2,749)   $ (6,457)   $  1,217
                                                                   ========    ========    ========
Basic (loss) earnings per share before
   cumulative effect (Note 10)..................................   $  (0.36)   $   0.06    $   0.16
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle, net of tax .......................................         --       (0.90)         --
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
Basic earnings (loss) per share ................................   $  (0.36)   ($  0.84)   $   0.16
                                                                   ========    ========    ========
Basic weighted average shares outstanding ......................      7,654       7,604       7,613
                                                                   ========    ========    ========
Diluted earnings (loss) per share before
   cumulative effect ...........................................   $  (0.36)   $   0.06    $   0.16
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle, net of tax .......................................         --       (0.90)         --
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
Diluted earnings (loss) per share ..............................   $  (0.36)   $  (0.84)   $   0.16
                                                                   ========    ========    ========
Diluted weighted average shares outstanding ....................      7,654       7,604       7,637
                                                                   ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       32
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (In thousands)




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Accumulated
                                             Common Stock                          Other
                                           -----------------  Paid-in  Retained Comprehensive Treasury
                                            Shares   Amount   Capital  Earnings    Loss         Stock    Total
                                           -------- -------- --------  -------   ---------   ----------  ---------
<S>                                           <C>   <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance at January 1, 2001..............      8,444 $      8  $24,143  $21,231   $      --   $   (6,286) $  39,096
    Net earnings........................         --       --       --    1,217          --           --      1,217
    Unrecognized pension expense, net
    of tax (Note 6).....................         --       --       --       --        (351)          --       (351)
                                                                                                         ---------
    Comprehensive income................                                                                       866
                                           -------- -------- --------  -------   ---------   ----------  ---------
Balance at December 31, 2001............      8,444        8   24,143   22,448        (351)      (6,286)    39,962
    Net loss............................         --       --       --   (6,457)         --           --     (6,457)
    Unrecognized pension expense, net
    of tax (Note 6).....................         --       --       --       --        (157)          --       (157)
                                                                                                         ---------
    Comprehensive loss..................                                                                    (6,614)
    Proceeds from exercise of stock
    options ............................          1       --        2       --          --           --          2
    Acquisition of treasury stock.......         --       --       --       --          --          (83)       (83)
                                           -------- -------- --------  -------   ---------   ----------  ---------
Balance at December 31, 2002............      8,445        8   24,145   15,991        (508)      (6,369)    33,267
    Net loss............................         --       --       --   (2,749)         --           --     (2,749)
    Recognized pre-paid pension cost,
    net of tax (Note 6).................         --       --       --                  508           --        508
                                                                                                         ---------
    Comprehensive loss..................                                                                    (2,241)
    Issuance of stock to Blonder Tongue
    Telephone, LLC (Note 13) ...........         --       --       --       --          --        1,030      1,030
    Acquisition of treasury stock.......         --       --       --       --          --         (116)      (116)
                                           -------- -------- --------  -------   ---------   ----------  ---------
Balance at December 31, 2003                  8,445 $      8 $ 24,145  $13,242   $      --    $  (5,455) $  31,940
                                           ======== ======== ========  =======   =========   ==========  =========
</TABLE>
           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       33
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                        --------------------------------
                                                                          2003       2002         2001
                                                                        --------    --------    --------
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
<S>                                                                     <C>         <C>         <C>
     Net earnings (loss) ............................................   $ (2,749)   $ (6,457)   $  1,217
     Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash
     provided by operating activities:
         Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ........         --       6,886          --
         Equity in loss from Blonder Tongue Telephone, LLC ..........        154          --          --
         Depreciation ...............................................      1,133       1,269       1,310
         Amortization ...............................................        750         550       1,502
         Provision for inventory reserves ...........................      1,576         500         540
         Provision for doubtful accounts ............................        360         180         307
         Deferred income taxes ......................................         --         308           4
         Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
           Accounts receivable ......................................        671       1,640      (1,746)
           Inventories ..............................................      2,596       3,509      (4,423)
           Prepaid and other current assets ........................        (139)        376       2,054
           Other assets .............................................        101        (366)         43
           Income taxes .............................................       (241)       (779)       (266)
           Accounts payable, accrued expenses and accrued
             compensation ...........................................      1,474      (6,359)      3,169
                                                                        --------    --------    --------
              Net cash provided by operating activities .............      5,686       1,257       3,711
                                                                        --------    --------    --------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
     Capital expenditures ...........................................       (954)       (695)       (803)
     Collection of note receivable ..................................        635          --          --
     Investment in Blonder Tongue Telephone, LLC ....................     (1,167)         --          --
     Acquisition of BDR Broadband assets ............................       (183)     (1,880)         --
                                                                        --------    --------    --------
              Net cash used in investing activities .................     (1,669)     (2,575)       (803)
                                                                        --------    --------    --------
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
     Net borrowings  under revolving line of credit .................         --          --       2,117
     Repayments of long-term debt ...................................    (14,460)    (34,909)     (4,356)
     Borrowings of long-term debt ...................................     10,496      35,624          --
     Deferred financing costs .......................................         --          --         (90)
     Proceeds from exercise of stock options ........................         --           2          --
     Acquisition of treasury stock ..................................       (116)        (83)         --
                                                                        --------    --------    --------
              Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ...     (4,080)        634      (2,329)
                                                                        --------    --------    --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash .....................................        (63)       (684)        579
Cash, beginning of year .............................................        258         942         363
                                                                        --------    --------    --------
Cash, end of year ...................................................   $    195    $    258    $    942
                                                                        ========    ========    ========
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
     Cash paid for interest .........................................   $  1,073    $  1,138    $  1,447
     Cash paid for income taxes .....................................         --         537         966
                                                                        ========    ========    ========
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
     Inventory sold for notes receivable ............................   $     --    $  1,447    $     --

     Investment in Blonder Tongue Telephone, LLC using treasury stock     (1,030)         --          --
</TABLE>

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       34
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

(a)  Company and Basis of Presentation

     Blonder  Tongue   Laboratories,   Inc.  (the   "Company")  is  a  designer,
manufacturer  and supplier of  electronics  and systems  equipment for the cable
television  industry,  primarily  throughout the United States. The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Blonder Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc.
and subsidiaries.  Significant  intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.

     The   investments   in   Blonder   Tongue   Telephone,   LLC  and   NetLinc
Communications,  LLC are  accounted  for on the equity  method since the Company
does not have control over these entities.

     The Company reports its operations as one business segment.

(b)  Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful accounts

     Accounts receivable are customer  obligations due under normal trade terms.
The Company  sells its products  primarily  to  distributors  and private  cable
operators.  The Company performs continuing credit evaluations of its customers'
financial  condition  and  although  the  Company  generally  does  not  require
collateral,  letters of credit may be  required  from its  customers  in certain
circumstances.

     Senior  management  reviews  accounts  receivable  on a  monthly  basis  to
determine if any  receivables  will  potentially be  uncollectible.  The Company
includes  any  accounts   receivable   balances   that  are   determined  to  be
uncollectible,  along  with a general  reserve,  in its  overall  allowance  for
doubtful  accounts.  After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the
receivable  is written  off  against  the  allowance.  Based on the  information
available,  the Company  believes  its  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts as of
December  31, 2003 is  adequate.  However,  actual  write-offs  might exceed the
recorded allowance.

(c)  Inventories

     Inventories  are stated at the lower of cost,  determined  by the first-in,
first-out ("FIFO") method, or market.

     The Company  continually  ensures  that  slow-moving,  excess and  obsolete
inventory  is written  down to its net  realizable  value by  reviewing  current
quantities on hand,  actual and projected sales volumes and anticipated  selling
prices on products.  Generally,  the Company does not experience material issues
with obsolete inventory due to the nature of its products being  interchangeable
within various  product  offerings.  If the Company were not able to achieve its
expectations of the net realizable  value of the inventory at its current value,
the Company would have to adjust its reserves accordingly. However, from time to
time,  the Company will reserve for excess and obsolete  inventory.  During 2003
and 2002,  the Company  recorded an  increase to its reserve of  $1,576,000  and
$500,000, respectively.

(d)  Property, Plant and Equipment

     Property,  plant and equipment are stated at cost. The Company provides for
depreciation  generally on the straight-line  method based upon estimated useful
lives of 3 to 5 years  for  office  equipment,  5 to 7 years for  furniture  and
fixtures, 6 to 10 years for machinery and equipment, 10 to 15 years for building
improvements, 5 to 7 years for cable systems and 40 years for the  manufacturing
and administrative office facility.

(e)  Income Taxes

     The Company  accounts for income taxes under the provisions of Statement of
Financial  Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." Deferred
income  taxes are provided  for  temporary  differences

                                       35
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

in the  recognition  of  certain  income  and  expenses  for  financial  and tax
reporting  purposes.  Valuation  allowances  are  established  when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

(f)  Intangible Assets

     Intangible  assets,  net totaling $3,949 and $4,516 as of December 31, 2003
and 2002,  respectively,  consist of acquired patent rights and rights-of-entry,
and are carried at cost less accumulated amortization.  Amortization is computed
utilizing  the  straight-line  method  over  the  estimated  useful  life of the
respective asset, 12 years for patents and 5 years for rights-of-entry.

     The components of intangible assets at December 31, 2003 are as follows:

                                                                     Accumulated
                                                    Cost            Amortization
                                                    ----            ------------

          Patents and trademarks                    $6,414            $3,765
          Rights of entry                            1,672               372
                                                --------------     -------------
          Total intangible assets                   $8,086            $4,137
                                                ==============     =============

     The Company  continues  to amortize  its patents and  rights-of-entry  over
their estimated  useful lives with no significant  residual value.  Amortization
expense for intangible  assets  excluding  goodwill was $750, $550, and $532 for
the years ending  December 31, 2003,  2002 and 2001,  respectively.  Intangibles
amortization  is projected to be  approximately  $750 per year for the next five
years.

     In July 2001, the Financial  Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued FAS
No. 141,  "Business  Combinations"  ("FAS 141") and No. 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible  Assets" ("FAS 142"). FAS 141 requires the use of the purchase method
of  accounting  and  prohibits  the use of the  pooling-of-interests  method  of
accounting  for business  combinations  initiated  after June 30, 2001.  FAS 142
addresses  financial  accounting  and reporting for acquired  goodwill and other
intangible  assets.  FAS 142  requires,  among other things,  that  companies no
longer  amortize  goodwill,  but instead test  goodwill for  impairment at least
annually.  FAS 141 and FAS 142 were  adopted by the  Company on January 1, 2002.
The adoption of this  pronouncement  resulted in the Company recording a $6,886,
non-cash  charge,  net of tax, to write off the carrying  value of its goodwill.
Such  charge is  reflected  as a  cumulative  effect  of a change in  accounting
principle. The Company's previous business combinations were accounted for using
the purchase method.

     If FAS 142 had been in effect in 2001,  the Company's  earnings  would have
been improved because of reduced amortization, as described below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Basic        Diluted
                                                                     Earnings      Earnings
                             2001                  Net Earnings      Per Share     Per Share
                             ----                  ------------      ---------     ---------
                <S>                                <C>              <C>         <C>
               Reported Net Earnings                   $1,217           $0.16       $0.16
               Add Amortization, Net of Tax               621            0.08        0.08
                                                       ------           -----       -----
               Adjusted Net Earnings                   $1,838           $0.24       $0.24
                                                       ======           =====       =====
</TABLE>


(g)  Long-Lived Assets

     The Company follows  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 144,
"Accounting  for the  Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets" ("FAS 144").
FAS  144  standardized   the  accounting   practices  for  the  recognition  and
measurement  of  impairment  losses  on  certain   long-lived  assets  based  on
non-discounted  cash flows.  No  impairment  losses have been  recorded  through
December 31, 2003.

                                       36
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

(h)  Statements of Cash Flows

     For  purposes of the  consolidated  statements  of cash flows,  the Company
considers all highly liquid debt  instruments with a maturity of less than three
months at  purchase  to be cash  equivalents.  The Company did not have any cash
equivalents at December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001.

(i)  Research and Development

     Research  and  development  expenditures  for the  Company's  projects  are
expensed as incurred.

(j)  Revenue Recognition

     The Company records revenues when products are shipped.  The Company has no
material future obligations to customers once products are shipped and customers
do not have a right of return.

(k)  Earnings (loss) Per Share

     Earnings  (loss) per share are calculated in accordance with FAS 128, which
provides for the calculation of "basic" and "diluted" earnings (loss) per share.
Basic earnings (loss) per share includes no dilution and is computed by dividing
net earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflect, in periods in which they have
a dilutive  effect,  the effect of common shares issuable upon exercise of stock
options.

(l)  Treasury Stock

     Treasury  Stock is recorded at cost.  Gains and losses on  disposition  are
recorded as increases or decreases to additional  paid-in capital with losses in
excess of previously recorded gains charged directly to retained earnings.

(m)  Derivative Financial Instruments

     The Company  utilizes  interest rate swaps at times to manage interest rate
exposures.  The Company specifically designates interest rate swaps as hedges of
debt  instruments  and  recognizes  interest  differentials  as  adjustments  to
interest  expense in the period they occur.  The Company  does not hold or issue
financial  instruments  for  trading  purposes.  The  Company  does not hold any
derivative financial instruments at December 31, 2003 or 2002.

(n)  Significant Risks and Uncertainties

     The  preparation  of financial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that  affect the  reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and
disclosure of  contingent  assets and  liabilities  at the date of the financial
statements  and the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     Approximately  44% of the  Company's  employees are covered by a three year
collective bargaining agreement, which expires in February 2005.

     The Company estimates that headend products accounted for approximately 54%
of the Company's  revenues in 2003, 66% in 2002 and 58% in 2001. Any substantial
decrease in sales of headend  products  could have a material  adverse effect on
the Company's results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

     On an as-needed  basis,  the Company  purchases  several products from sole
suppliers  for  which  alternative  sources  are  not  available,  such  as  the
VideoCipher(R) and DigiCipher(R)  encryption  systems  manufactured by Motorola,
Inc., which are standard  encryption  methodologies  employed on U.S. C-Band and
Ku-Band  transponders and Hughes Network Systems digital satellite receivers for
delivery of DIRECTV(TM)  programming.  An inability to

                                       37
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

timely obtain  sufficient  quantities of these  components could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's operating results.  The Company does not have an
agreement  with  any sole  source  supplier  requiring  the  supplier  to sell a
specified volume of components to the Company.

(o)  Stock Options

     The Company  applies APB Opinion  No. 25,  Accounting  for Stock  Issued to
Employees, and related interpretations in accounting for its stock option plans.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 ("FAS 123"),  Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation,  requires the Company to provide pro forma information
regarding net income and net income per common share as if compensation cost for
stock options  granted under the plans,  if applicable,  had been  determined in
accordance  with the fair value based method  prescribed in FAS 123. The Company
does not plan to adopt the fair value based method prescribed by FAS 123.

     The Company  estimates  the fair value of each stock  option grant by using
the  Black-Scholes  option-pricing  model with the  following  weighted  average
assumptions  used for grants:  expected lives of 9.5 years,  no dividend  yield,
volatility at 73%, risk free interest rate of 3.2% for 2003;  expected  lives of
9.5 years, no dividend yield, volatility at 73%, risk free interest rate of 3.2%
for 2002;  expected lives of 9.5 years,  no dividend  yield,  volatility at 71%,
risk free interest rate of 5.03% for 2001.

     Under accounting  provisions of FAS 123, the Company's net income (loss) to
common  shareholders  and net income  (loss) per  common  share  would have been
adjusted to the pro forma  amounts  indicated  below (in  thousands,  except per
share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Years Ended December 31
                                                          2003       2002       2001
                                                         -------    -------    -------
<S>                                                      <C>        <C>        <C>
Net income (loss) as reported .......................... $(2,749)   $(6,457)   $ 1,217
Adjustment for fair value of stock options, net of tax..     324        590        469
                                                         -------    -------    -------
     Pro forma ......................................... $(3,073)   ($7,047)   $   748
                                                         =======    =======    =======
Net income (loss) per share basic and diluted:
     As reported ....................................... $ (0.36)   $ (0.84)   $  0.16
                                                         =======    =======    =======
     Pro forma ......................................... $ (0.40)   $ (0.93)   $  0.10
                                                         =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>

(p)  Shipping and Handling Costs

     Shipping  and  handling  costs  are  recorded  as a  component  of  selling
expenses. Revenues from shipping and handling are not significant.  Shipping and
handling  costs were $36,  $181 and $120 for the years ended  December 31, 2003,
2002 and 2001, respectively.

(q)  New Accounting Pronouncements


     In January 2003, the Financial  Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB") issued
FASB  Interpretation  No. 46,  Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities ("FIN
46").  FIN 46 addresses the  consolidation  by business  enterprises of variable
interest  entities,  as defined in the  Interpretation.  FIN 46 expands existing
accounting  guidance  regarding  when a company  should include in its financial
statements  the assets,  liabilities,  and  activities of another  entity.  Many
variable  interest  entities have  commonly been referred to as  special-purpose
entities or  off-balance  sheet  structures.  In December  2003, the FASB issued
Interpretation No. 46R ("FIN 46R"), a revision to FIN 46. FIN 46R clarifies some
of the provisions of FIN 46 and exempts certain entities from its  requirements.
FIN 46R is effective at the end of the first  interim  period ending after March
15,  2004.  The  Company  believes  that the  adoption of FIN 46 will not have a
material impact on the Company's  financial  position,  results of operations or
cash flows.


                                       38
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

     In July 2003, the FASB issued Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No. 150,  Accounting for Certain Financial  Instruments With  Characteristics of
Both Liabilities and Equity ("SFAS 150").  SFAS 150 requires the shares that are
mandatorily  redeemable for cash or other assets at a specified or  determinable
date or upon an event certain to occur to be classified as  liabilities,  not as
part of shareholders'  equity.  This pronouncement does not currently impact the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

     Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue No. 00-21,  "Revenue Arrangements
with Multiple  Deliverables," is effective for revenue arrangements entered into
in  fiscal  periods  beginning  after  June 15,  2003.  The EITF  addresses  the
accounting for revenue generating  arrangements involving multiple deliverables.
This EITF does not currently apply to the Company.

Note 2 - Inventories

Inventories, net of reserves, are summarized as follows:

                                       December 31,
                                    --------------------
                                      2003       2002
                                    --------    --------
Raw materials ...................   $ 11,379    $ 12,857
Work in process .................      1,746       1,660
Finished goods ..................     10,935      12,686
                                    --------    --------
                                      24,060      27,203
Less reserve for excess
  inventory .....................     (3,472)     (2,443)
                                    --------    --------
                                    $ 20,588    $ 24,760
                                    ========    ========

The Company  recorded a $1,576 and $500  provision  for slow moving and obsolete
inventory during the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

Note 3 - Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are summarized as follows:

                                                      December 31,
                                                   --------------------
                                                     2003       2002
                                                   --------    --------
Land ...........................................   $  1,000    $  1,000
Building .......................................      3,361       3,361
Machinery and equipment ........................      7,613       7,473
Cable systems ..................................      1,460         811
Furniture and fixtures .........................        401         401
Office equipment ...............................      1,873       1,754
Building improvements ..........................        686         640
                                                   --------    --------
                                                     16,394      15,440
Less:  Accumulated depreciation and
  amortization .................................     (9,742)     (8,609)
                                                   --------    --------
                                                   $  6,652    $  6,831
                                                   ========    ========

Note 4 - Debt

     On March 20, 2002 the Company entered into a credit agreement with Commerce
Bank, N.A. for a $19,500 credit  facility,  comprised of (i) a $7,000  revolving
line of credit under which funds may be borrowed at LIBOR, plus a margin ranging
from  1.75% to 2.50%,  in each case  depending  on the  calculation  of  certain
financial  covenants,  with a floor of 5% through March 19, 2003,  (ii) a $9,000
term loan which bore interest at a rate of 6.75% through September 30, 2002, and
thereafter  at a fixed  rate  ranging  from  6.50% to  7.25% to reset  quarterly
depending on the calculation of certain  financial  covenants and (iii) a $3,500
mortgage loan bearing  interest at 7.5%.

                                       39
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

Borrowings under the revolving line of credit are limited to certain percentages
of  eligible  accounts  receivable  and  inventory,  as  defined  in the  credit
agreement.  The credit facility is  collateralized by a security interest in all
of the Company's assets.  The agreement also contains  restrictions that require
the Company to maintain certain  financial ratios as well as restrictions on the
payment of cash dividends.  The initial maturity date of the line of credit with
Commerce Bank was March 20, 2004. The term loan requires equal monthly principal
payments of $187 and matures on April 1, 2006.  The mortgage loan requires equal
monthly  principal  payments of $19 and matures on April 1, 2017.  The  mortgage
loan is callable after five years at the lender's option.

     In November  2003,  the Company's  credit  agreement with Commerce Bank was
amended to modify the interest rate and amortization schedule for certain of the
loans thereunder, as well as to modify one of the financial covenants. Beginning
November 1, 2003,  the revolving  line of credit bore interest at the prime rate
plus 1.5%,  with a floor of 5.5% (5.5% at December 31, 2003),  and the term loan
bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.5%. Beginning December 1, 2003, the term loan
required  equal  monthly  principal  payments of $193 plus interest with a final
payment on April 1, 2006 of all remaining unpaid principal and interest.

     At March 31, 2003, June 30, 2003, September 30, 2003 and December 31, 2003,
the Company was unable to meet one of its financial covenants required under its
credit agreement with Commerce Bank, which non-compliance was waived by the Bank
effective as of each such date.

     In March 2004,  the  Company's  credit  agreement  with  Commerce  Bank was
amended to (i) extend the  maturity  date of the line of credit  until  April 1,
2005,  (ii)  reduce the maximum  amount  that may be borrowed  under the line of
credit to $6,000,  (iii)  suspend the  applicability  of the cash flow  coverage
ratio  covenant  until  March 31,  2005,  (iv) impose a new  financial  covenant
requiring the Company to achieve certain levels of  consolidated  pre-tax income
on a quarterly  basis  commencing  with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2004,
and (v) require that the Company make a prepayment  against its outstanding term
loan to the Bank equal to 100% of the amount of any  prepayment  received by the
Company on its  outstanding  note  receivable  from a customer,  up to a maximum
amount of $500.

     The fair value of the debt  approximates  the  recorded  value based on the
borrowing rates currently  available to the Company for loans with similar terms
and maturities.

Long-term debt consists of the following:

                               December 31,
                           --------------------
                             2003       2002
                           --------    --------
Revolving Line of Credit.. $  4,136    $  5,650
Term Loan ................    5,245       7,313
Mortgage loan ............    3,092       3,325
Capital leases (Note 5) ..      473         622
                           --------    --------
                             12,946      16,910
Less:  Current portion ...   (3,201)     (2,632)
                           --------    --------
                           $  9,745    $ 14,278
                           ========    ========

     Annual maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2003 are:

2004 ...........   $ 3,201
2005 ...........     6,845
2006 ...........       509
2007 ...........       233
2008 ...........       233
Thereafter .....     1,925
                   -------
                   $12,946
                   =======

                                       40
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

     The average amount  outstanding on the Company's line of credit during 2003
and 2002 was $5,269 and $3,208, respectively.  The maximum amount outstanding on
the line of credit during 2003 and 2002 was $6,171 and $5,650, respectively. The
weighted  average  interest  rate at December 31, 2003,  2002 and 2001 was 5.0%,
5.0% and 7.02%, respectively.


Note 5 - Commitments and Contingencies

Leases

     The Company leases certain  factory office and automotive  equipment  under
noncancellable  operating  leases and equipment under capital leases expiring at
various dates through December, 2006.

     Future minimum rental payments,  required for all noncancellable leases are
as follows:

                                    Capital  Operating
                                    -------  ---------
2004 ................................. $191   $ 89
2005 .................................  186     31
2006 .................................  157     --
2007 .................................   --     --
2008 .................................   --     --
Thereafter ...........................   --     --
                                       ----   ----
Total future minimum lease payments ..  534   $120
                                              ====
Less:  amounts representing interest..   61
                                       ----
Present value of minimum lease
 payments............................ $ 473
                                      =====

     Property,  plant and  equipment  included  capitalized  leases of $2,552 at
December 31, 2003 and 2002, less  accumulated  amortization of $1,992 and $1,786
at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

     Rent expense was $182, $155 and $111 for the years ended December 31, 2003,
2002 and 2001, respectively.

Litigation

     The Company is a party to certain  proceedings  incidental  to the ordinary
course of its business, none of which, in the current opinion of management,  is
likely to have a material  adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Note 6 - Benefit Plans

Defined Contribution Plan

     The  Company  has a  defined  contribution  plan  covering  all  full  time
non-union employees qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code,
in which the Company  matches a portion of an employee's  salary  deferral.  The
Company's  contributions  to this plan were $194,  $213,  and $208 for the years
ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

Defined Benefit Pension Plan

     Substantially  all union  employees who meet certain  requirements  of age,
length of service and hours  worked per year are covered by a Company  sponsored
non-contributory  defined  benefit  pension plan.  Benefits paid to retirees are
based upon age at retirement and years of credited service. Net periodic pension
cost for this plan includes the following components:

                                       41
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

                                                   December 31,
                                               ------------------------
        Components of net periodic pension
          cost:                                2003     2002       2001
                                               ----     ----       ----
        Service cost .......................   $ 124    $ 137    $ 155
        Interest cost ......................     139      127      116
        Actual return on plan assets .......    (125)    (124)    (105)
        Recognized net actuarial (gain)
          loss .............................      53       29       27
                                               -----    -----    -----
        Net periodic pension cost ..........   $ 191    $ 169    $ 193
                                               =====    =====    =====

     The funded  status of the plan and the amounts  recorded  in the  Company's
consolidated balance sheets are as follows:

                                                         December 31,
                                                       -------------------
                                                        2003       2002
                                                       -------    -------
      Change in benefit obligation:
      Benefit obligation at beginning of year ......   $ 2,005    $ 1,905
      Service cost .................................       124        137
      Interest cost ................................       139        127
      Actuarial (gain) loss ........................       (12)       (64)
      Benefits paid ................................      (236)      (100)
                                                       -------    -------
      Benefit obligation at end of year ............     2,020      2,005
                                                       -------    -------

      Change in plan assets:
      Fair value of plan assets at beginning of
        year .......................................     1,751      1,575
      Actual return on plan assets .................       303       (203)
      Employer contribution ........................       198        479
      Benefits paid ................................      (236)      (100)
                                                       -------    -------
      Fair value of plan assets at end of year .....     2,016      1,751
                                                       -------    -------

      Funded status ................................        (4)      (254)
      Unrecognized net actuarial loss ..............       624        919
      Unrecognized net transition liability ........        11        (40)
      Amount reflected in other comprehensive
        income .....................................        --       (821)
                                                       -------    -------
      Prepaid (accrued) benefit cost ...............   $   631    $  (196)
                                                       =======    =======

Key economic assumptions used in these determinations were:

                                                               December 31,
                                                           ---------------------
                                                             2003          2002
                                                           --------      -------
         Discount rate....................................   7.0%          7.0%
         Expected long-term rate of return................   7.0%          7.0%

The  Company's  plan  asset  allocation  at the end of 2003 and 2002 and  target
allocations for 2004 are as follows:

         Security Type         Percentage of Plan Assets     Target Allocation
         -------------         -------------------------     -----------------
                                  2003            2002              2004
                                  ----            ----              ----
         Cash Equivalents           2%             53%                 -
         Equity Securities         65%             22%                65%
         Debt Securities           33%             25%                35%
                               ------------    ------------- -------------------
         Total Plan Assets        100%             100%              100%
                               ============    ============= ===================

                                       42
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)


     The Company's investment policy is to invest in stock and balanced funds of
mutual fund and insurance companies to preserve principal while at the same time
establish a minimum rate of return of  approximately  5%. No more than one-third
of the total plan assets is placed in any one fund.

     The expected long-term rate-of-return-on-assets is 7%. This return is based
upon the historical performance of the currently invested funds.

     The benefits expected to be paid for each of the next five years and in the
aggregate for the following five years are:

                2004            $53,000
                2005             57,000
                2006             72,000
                2007             81,000
                2008            108,000
                2009-2013       756,000

     The expected contribution to be made during 2004 is $289,000.

     The  Company  recorded a  recognized  prepaid  benefit  cost of $508 and an
unrecognized  pension  expense  of  $508,  net of tax  as an  accumulated  other
comprehensive  loss  adjustment  to  stockholders'   equity  in  2003  and  2002
respectively. This amount represents a portion of the recognized prepaid benefit
cost and the  unrecognized  net actuarial loss for the years ending December 31,
2003 and 2002, respectively.

Note 7 - Related Party Transactions

     On  January  1,  1995,   the  Company   entered  into  a   consulting   and
non-competition  agreement with a director, who is also the largest stockholder.
Under the  agreement,  the  director  provides  consulting  services  on various
operational and financial issues and is currently paid at an annual rate of $152
but in no event is such annual rate  permitted to exceed $200. The director also
agreed  to keep all  Company  information  confidential  and  will  not  compete
directly or indirectly  with the Company for the term of the agreement and for a
period of two years  thereafter.  The initial term of this Agreement  expires on
December 31, 2004 and automatically  renews  thereafter for successive  one-year
terms (subject to termination at the end of the initial term or any renewal term
on at least 90 days' notice).

     As of December 31, 2003,  the Chief  Executive  Officer was indebted to the
Company in the amount of $201,  for which no  interest  has been  charged.  This
indebtedness  arose  from a series  of cash  advances,  the  latest of which was
advanced in February 2002 and is included in prepaid and other current assets at
December 31, 2003 and 2002.

     The President of the Company lent the Company 100% of the purchase price of
certain used equipment  purchased by the Company in October through  November of
2003. The equipment was purchased at a substantial  discount to market price and
the Company has sold and will resell the equipment.  While the aggregate cost to
purchase all of the  equipment was  approximately  $950,  the maximum  amount of
indebtedness outstanding to the President at any one time during the 2003 fiscal
year was $810. At December 31, 2003,  the remaining  outstanding  balance due to
the President was $618 and was included in other accrued expenses. The President
made the loan to the  Company  on a  non-recourse  basis,  secured  solely  by a
security  interest in the  equipment  purchased  by the Company and the proceeds
resulting from the sale of the equipment.  In consideration for the extension of
credit on a  non-recourse  basis,  the  President  will receive from the Company
interest on the  outstanding  balance at the margin  interest rate he incurs for
borrowing  the funds from his lenders  (approximately  4.76% as of December  31,
2003) plus 25% of the gross  profit  derived from the  Company's  resale of such
equipment, which amounts will not be paid to the President until the outstanding
balance of the indebtedness has been paid in full. During 2003, accrued interest
on the loan  payable  to the  President  was $5,  and the share of gross  profit
payable to the President was $39.

     In March,  2003, the Company entered into a series of agreements,  pursuant
to which the Company acquired a 20% minority interest in NetLinc Communications,
LLC ("NetLinc")  and a 35% minority  interest in Blonder Tongue  Telephone,  LLC
("BTT").  During  September,  2003, the parties  restructured the terms of their
business   arrangement  which  included  increasing  Blonder  Tongue's  economic
ownership  in  NetLinc  from 20% to 50% and in BTT  from  35% to 50%,  all at no
additional cost to Blonder Tongue. The cash portion of the purchase price in the
venture was decreased from $3,500 to $1,167, and was paid in full by the Company
to BTT in October,

                                       43
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)


2003. As the non-cash  component of the purchase  price,  the Company issued 500
shares of Common  Stock to BTT,  resulting  in BTT becoming the owner of greater
than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company. The Company will receive
preferential  distributions  equal to the $1,167 cash  component of the purchase
price from the cash flows of BTT. One-half of such Common Stock (250 shares) has
been pledged to the Company as collateral to secure BTT's obligation.  Under the
restructured  arrangement,  the Company pays certain future royalties to NetLinc
and BTT upon the sale of  telephony  products.  During 2003,  the total  accrued
royalties to NetLinc and BTT were $14 and $22, respectively,  which will be paid
to them by the  Company in 2004.  In  addition,  during  2003 the  Company  paid
certain  expenses of BTT totaling  approximately  $95.  Through  this  telephony
venture,  BTT offers  primary voice  service to MDUs and the Company  offers for
sale a line of telephony equipment to complement the voice service.

Note 8 - Concentration of Credit Risk

     Financial  instruments that potentially  subject the Company to significant
concentrations  of credit risk consist  principally  of cash  deposits and trade
accounts receivable.

     The  Company  maintains  cash  balances  at  several  banks  located in the
northeastern United States. As part of its cash management process,  the Company
periodically reviews the relative credit standing of these banks.

     Credit risk with respect to trade accounts  receivable is concentrated with
five of the Company's customers. These customers accounted for approximately 40%
and 52% of the Company's  outstanding trade accounts  receivable at December 31,
2003   and   2002,   respectively.   These   customers   are   distributors   of
telecommunications  and private cable  television  components,  and providers of
franchise and private cable  television  service.  The Company  performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition,  uses credit insurance
and requires collateral, such as letters of credit, to mitigate its credit risk.
The  deterioration  of the  financial  condition  of one or  more  of its  major
customers could  adversely  impact the Company's  operations.  From time to time
where the Company determines that circumstances warrant, such as when a customer
agrees to commit to a large blanket  purchase order, the Company extends payment
terms beyond its standard payment terms.

     For the year ended  December  31,  2003,  the  Company's  largest  customer
accounted  for  approximately  21% of the  Company's  sales.  This customer also
accounted  for  approximately  20%  of the  Company's  sales  in  2002  and  for
approximately  14% of the Company's  sales in 2001.  At December 31, 2003,  this
customer  accounted for  approximately  15% of the Company's  outstanding  trade
accounts receivable.  At December 31, 2003, one other customer accounted for 11%
of the Company's  outstanding  trade accounts  receivable.  Management  believes
these amounts to be collectible.

Note 9 - Stockholders' Equity

     On July 24,  2002,  the  Company  commenced a stock  repurchase  program to
acquire up to $300 of its  outstanding  common stock.  The stock  repurchase was
funded by a combination of the Company's cash on hand and borrowings against its
revolving line of credit.  The Company  repurchased 70 and 48 shares during 2003
and 2002, respectively.

Note 10 - Earnings (loss) Per Share

     Basic and  diluted  earnings  (loss) per share for each of the three  years
ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 are calculated as follows:

                                       44
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)


                                           Net
                                       Income (Loss)   Shares        Per Share
                                       (Numerator)   (Denominator)     Amount
                                       -----------   -------------     ------
For the year ended December 31, 2003:
   Basic and Diluted loss per share...  $(2,749)        7,654         $(0.36)
                                        =======       =======         ======
For the year ended December 31, 2002:
   Basic and Diluted loss per share...  $(6,457)        7,604         $(0.84)
                                        =======       =======         ======
For the year ended December 31, 2001:
   Basic earnings per share ........... $ 1,217         7,613         $ 0.16
   Effect of assumed conversion of
   employee stock options .............      --            24             --
                                        -------       -------         ------
   Diluted earnings per share ......... $ 1,217         7,637         $ 0.16
                                        =======       =======         ======

     The diluted share base excludes  incremental shares of 1,231, 1,301 and 888
related to stock  options for December 31,  2003,  2002 and 2001,  respectively.
These shares were excluded due to their antidilutive effect.

Note 11 - Stock Option Plans

     In 1994, the Company  established the 1994 Incentive Stock Option Plan (the
"1994 Plan"). The 1994 Plan provides for the granting of Incentive Stock Options
to purchase  shares of the Company's  common stock to officers and key employees
at a price  not  less  than  the  fair  market  value  at the  date of  grant as
determined by the compensation committee of the Board of Directors.  The maximum
number of shares  available for issuance under the plan was 298.  Options become
exercisable  as  determined  by  the  compensation  committee  of the  Board  of
Directors at the date of grant. Options expire ten years from the date of grant.

     In  October,  1995,  the  Company's  Board of  Directors  and  stockholders
approved  the 1995 Long Term  Incentive  Plan (the "1995  Plan").  The 1995 Plan
provides for grants of "incentive stock options" or nonqualified  stock options,
and awards of restricted  stock,  to  executives  and key  employees,  including
officers  and  employee  Directors.   The  1995  Plan  is  administered  by  the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which determines the optionees
and the terms of the options granted under the 1995 Plan, including the exercise
price, number of shares subject to the option and the exercisability thereof, as
well as the recipients and number of shares awarded for restricted stock awards;
provided,  however,  that no employee may receive  stock  options or  restricted
stock  awards  which  would  result,  separately  or  in  combination,   in  the
acquisition  of more than 100 shares of Common  Stock of the  Company  under the
1995 Plan. The exercise price of incentive  stock options granted under the 1995
Plan must be equal to at least the fair market  value of the Common Stock on the
date of grant.  With respect to any optionee  who owns stock  representing  more
than 10% of the voting power of all classes of the Company's outstanding capital
stock,  the  exercise  price of any  incentive  stock option must be equal to at
least 110% of the fair  market  value of the Common  Stock on the date of grant,
and the term of the  option  may not exceed  five  years.  The term of all other
incentive  stock  options  granted under the 1995 Plan may not exceed ten years.
The aggregate  fair market value of Common Stock  (determined  as of the date of
the option  grant) for which an  incentive  stock  option may for the first time
become  exercisable in any calendar year may not exceed $100. The exercise price
for nonqualified stock options is established by the Compensation Committee, and
may be more or less than the fair market  value of the Common  Stock on the date
of grant.

     Stockholders  have  previously  approved a total of 1,150  shares of common
stock for issuance under the 1995 Plan, as amended to date.

     In May,  1998,  the  stockholders  of the Company  approved the Amended and
Restated  1996 Director  Option Plan (the "Amended 1996 Plan").  Under the plan,
Directors who are not currently employed by the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company  and have not been so  employed  within  the  preceding  six  months are
eligible to receive  options  from time to time to purchase the number of shares
of Common Stock  determined by the

                                       45
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)



Board in its  discretion;  provided,  however,  that no Director is permitted to
receive  options  to  purchase  more than 5 shares  of  Common  Stock in any one
calendar  year.  The  exercise  price for such shares is the fair  market  value
thereof on the date of grant, and the options vest as determined in each case by
the Board of  Directors.  Options  granted  under the Amended  1996 Plan must be
exercised  within 10 years  from the date of grant.  A maximum  of 200 shares of
Common Stock are subject to issuance  under the Amended  1996 Plan,  as amended.
The plan is administered by the Board of Directors.

     In 1996, the Board of Directors  granted a non-plan,  non-qualified  option
for 10 shares to an  individual,  who was not an  employee  or  director  of the
Company at the time of the  grant.  The option  was  originally  exercisable  at
$10.25 per share and  expires in 2006.  This  option was  repriced  to $6.88 per
share on September 17, 1998.

     The following tables summarize  information about stock options outstanding
for each of the three years ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Weighted-
                                          Average                   Weighted-Average                  Weighted-Average
                               1994       Exercise      1995           Exercise          1996            Exercise
                             Plan (#)    Price ($)      Plan (#)      Price ($)         Plan (#)         Price ($)
                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares under option:
Outstanding at
<S>                              <C>         <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>
      January 1, 2001            88          5.93           729             6.94             54              6.90
      Granted                    34          2.88           130             2.95             20              2.88
      Exercised                   -             -             -                -              -                 -
      Forfeited                 (35)         9.19           (92)            7.72              -                 -
Outstanding at
      December 31, 2001          87          3.42           767             6.18             74              5.80
      Granted                     -             -           302             3.42             20              3.40
      Exercised                  (1)         2.88             -                -              -                 -
      Forfeited                  (6)         3.16           (30)            6.70              -                 -
Outstanding at
      December 31, 2002          80          3.45         1,039             5.36             94              5.29
      Granted                     -             -             -                -             20              2.05
      Exercised                   -             -             -                -              -                 -
      Forfeited                   -             -           (12)            4.56              -                 -
Options outstanding at
December 31, 2003                80          3.45         1,027             5.37            114              4.70
Options exercisable
at December 31, 2003             72          3.50           762             5.96             94              5.27

Weighted-average fair
value of options granted
during:  2001                 $2.22                       $2.28                           $2.22
         2002                     -                       $2.70                           $2.60
         2003                     -                           -                           $2.05

</TABLE>

     Total options  available for grant were 181 and 68 at December 31, 2003 and
December 31, 2002, respectively.

                                       46
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                              Options Outstanding                                        Options Exercisable
                     ---------------------------------------                      ----------------------------------

   Range of          Number of Options    Weighted-Average     Weighted-Average      Number       Weighted-Average
   Exercise            Outstanding at         Remaining         Exercise Price     Exercisable     Exercise Price
  Prices ($)              12/31/03        Contractual Life           ($)           at 12/31/03           ($)
----------------   ---------------------  ------------------  -----------------  -----------------  -------------
<S>                          <C>                   <C>                  <C>               <C>              <C>
1994 Plan:
   2.57 to 2.88              49                    3.6                  2.73              41               2.70
           4.33              28                    1.4                  4.33              28               4.33
           6.88               3                    2.9                  6.88               3               6.88
                      ----------------                                            ----------------
   2.57 to 6.88              80                    2.8                  3.45              72               3.51
                      ================                                            ================
1995 Plan:
   2.79 to 3.19             122                    7.2                  2.90              80               2.90
   3.43 to 3.64             302                    8.2                  3.44             104               3.44
   5.88 to 6.75             155                    6.3                  6.64             155               6.64
   6.88 to 7.38             443                    3.3                  6.89             418               6.89
           8.63               5                    5.7                  8.63               5               8.63
                      ----------------                                            ----------------
                          1,027                    5.7                  5.37             762               5.96
                      ================                                            ================

1996 Plan:
   2.05 to 2.88              40                    8.3                  2.46              20               2.88
           3.40              20                    8.1                  3.40              20               3.40
           6.53               8                    5.5                  6.53               8               6.53
   6.88 to 7.03              45                    5.0                  6.95              45               6.95
           8.50               1                     .5                  8.50               1               8.50
                      ----------------                                            ----------------
                            114                    6.7                  4.70              94               5.27
                      ================                                            ================

</TABLE>

Note 12 - Income Taxes

     The following summarizes the provision (benefit) for income taxes:

                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                        ----------------------
                                        2003     2002     2001
                                        ----     ----     ----

Current:
   Federal............................ $(691)   $ (56)   $ 660
   State and local ...................    --      (31)      40
                                       -----    -----    -----
                                        (691)     (87)     700
Deferred:
   Federal ...........................  (655)     275        3
   State and local ...................    --       33        1
                                       -----    -----    -----
                                        (655)     308        4
Valuation allowance ..................   655       --       --
                                       -----    -----    -----
Provision (benefit) for income taxes.. $(691)   $ 221    $ 704
                                       =====    =====    =====


                                       47
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

     The provision  (benefit) for income taxes differs from the amounts computed
by applying the applicable Federal statutory rates due to the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                     -----------------------------

                                                                      2003       2002       2001
                                                                     -------    -------    -------
<S>                                                                  <C>        <C>        <C>
Provision (benefit) for Federal income taxes at the
  statutory rate .................................................   $(1,170)   $   221    $   653
State and local income taxes, net of Federal benefit .............      (159)        46         26
Adjustment of prior year's accruals ..............................        --        (55)        --
Other, net .......................................................       (17)         9         25
Change in valuation allowance ....................................       655         --         --
                                                                     -------    -------    -------
Provision (benefit) for income taxes .............................   $  (691)   $   221    $   704
                                                                     =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>

     Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities
are as follows:

                                        December 31,
                                      ------------------
                                       2003       2002
                                      -------    -------
Deferred tax assets:
   Allowance for doubtful accounts... $   453    $   385
   Inventory ........................   1,642      1,289
   Other ............................     185        184
   Other - Long Term ................      96        409
   Other - Goodwill .................   3,357      3,723
   Net operating loss carry forward..     273         --
                                      -------    -------
     Total deferred tax assets ......   6,006      5,990
                                      -------    -------
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Depreciation .....................    (169)      (221)
                                      -------    -------
     Total deferred tax
       liabilities ..................    (169)      (221)
                                      -------    -------
                                        5,837      5,769
Less valuation allowance ............     655         --
                                      -------    -------
Net ................................. $ 5,182    $ 5,769
                                      =======    =======

     The Company has recorded  $5,182 of deferred tax benefits since it projects
recovering  these  benefits  over the  next  three to five  years.  A  valuation
allowance  has been  recorded  against the balance of the  deferred tax benefits
since  management  does not believe the  realization  of these  benefits is more
likely than not.

Note 13 - Acquisition (Subscribers and passings in whole numbers)

     During June, 2002, the Company formed a venture with Priority Systems,  LLC
and  Paradigm  Capital  Investments,  LLC  for  the  purpose  of  acquiring  the
rights-of-entry for certain multiple dwelling unit cable television systems (the
"Systems")  owned by  affiliates  of Verizon  Communications,  Inc.  The venture
entity, BDR Broadband, 90% of the outstanding capital stock of which is owned by
the Company,  acquired the Systems,  which are comprised of approximately  3,070
existing MDU cable television  subscribers and approximately 7,520 passings. BDR
Broadband  paid  approximately  $1,880 for the Systems,  subject to  adjustment,
which  constitutes a purchase price of $.575 per  subscriber.  The final closing
date for the  transaction  was on October 1, 2002.  The  Systems  were cash flow
positive  beginning in the first year.  To date,  the Systems have been upgraded
with approximately $890 of interdiction and other products of the Company. It is
planned that the Systems will be upgraded with  approximately $500 of additional
interdiction  and other  products of the Company  over the course of  operation.
During July 2003,  the Company  purchased the 10% interest in BDR Broadband that
had been originally owned by Paradigm Capital Investments, LLC, for an aggregate
purchase  price of $35,  resulting in an increase in the Company's  stake in BDR
Broadband from 80% to 90%.

                                       48
<PAGE>
               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)

     The purchase  price was  allocated  $1,524 to  rights-of-entry  and $391 to
fixed assets. The rights-of-entry will be amortized over a five year period.

     In consideration  for its majority  interest in BDR Broadband,  the Company
advanced to BDR Broadband $250,  which was paid to the sellers as a down payment
against the final  purchase  price for the  Systems.  The Company also agreed to
guaranty  payment  of the  aggregate  purchase  price  for  the  Systems  by BDR
Broadband.  The  approximately  $1,630 balance of the purchase price was paid by
the  Company on behalf of BDR  Broadband  on November  30, 2002  pursuant to the
terms and in satisfaction of certain  promissory notes executed by BDR Broadband
in favor of the sellers.

     In March,  2003, the Company entered into a series of agreements,  pursuant
to which the Company acquired a 20% minority interest in NetLinc Communications,
LLC ("NetLinc")  and a 35% minority  interest in Blonder Tongue  Telephone,  LLC
("BTT") (to which the Company has licensed  its name).  The  aggregate  purchase
price  consisted of (i) up to $3,500  payable over a minimum of two years,  plus
(ii) 500 shares of the Company's common stock. NetLinc owns patents, proprietary
technology and know-how for certain  telephony  products that allow  Competitive
Local  Exchange  Carriers  ("CLECs") to  competitively  provide voice service to
MDUs.  Certain  distributorship  agreements were also concurrently  entered into
among  NetLinc,  BTT and the Company  pursuant  to which the Company  ultimately
acquired the right to  distribute  NetLinc's  telephony  products to private and
franchise cable operators as well as to all buyers for use in MDU  applications.
BTT partners  with CLECs to offer  primary  voice  service to MDUs,  receiving a
portion of the line  charges due from the CLECs'  telephone  customers,  and the
Company  offers for sale a line of telephony  equipment to complement  the voice
service.

     As a result of  NetLinc's  inability to retain a contract  manufacturer  to
manufacture  and  supply  the  products  in a timely  and  consistent  manner in
accordance  with the requisite  specifications,  in September,  2003 the parties
agreed to restructure  the terms of their business  arrangement  entered into in
March, 2003. The restructured  business arrangement was accomplished by amending
certain of the agreements  previously entered into and entering into certain new
agreements.  Some of the principal terms of the restructured arrangement include
increasing  the Company's  economic  ownership in NetLinc from 20% to 50% and in
BTT from 35% to 50%, all at no additional cost to the Company.  The cash portion
of the purchase price in the venture was decreased from $3,500 to $1,167 and the
then outstanding  balance of $342 was paid in installments of $50 per week until
it was paid in full in October, 2003. BTT has an obligation to redeem the $1,167
cash  component  of  the  purchase   price  to  the  Company  via   preferential
distributions  of cash flow under  BTT's  limited  liability  company  operating
agreement.  In addition,  of the 500 shares of common stock issued to BTT as the
non-cash component of the purchase price (fair valued at $1,030),  one-half (250
shares) have been pledged to the Company as collateral.  Under the  restructured
arrangement,  the Company can purchase similar telephony  products directly from
third party  suppliers  other than NetLinc  and, in  connection  therewith,  the
Company would pay certain  future  royalties to NetLinc and BTT from the sale of
these  products  by the  Company.  While the  distributorship  agreements  among
NetLinc,  BTT and the Company  have not been  terminated,  the Company  does not
anticipate purchasing products from NetLinc in the near term. NetLinc,  however,
continues to own intellectual property,  which may be further developed and used
in  the  future  to   manufacture   and  sell   telephony   products  under  the
distributorship agreements.

Note 14 - Notes Receivable

     During   September   2002,   the  Company  sold  inventory  at  a  cost  of
approximately  $1,447 to a private cable  operator for  approximately  $1,929 in
exchange for which the Company received notes receivable in the principal amount
of  approximately  $1,929.  The notes are payable by the  customer in 48 monthly
principal and interest (at 11.5%)  installments of approximately  $51 commencing
January  1,  2003.  The  customer's  payment  obligations  under  the  notes are
collateralized  by purchase money liens on the inventory sold and blanket second
liens on all other  assets of the  customer.  The Company has recorded the notes
receivable  at the  inventory  cost and will not  recognize any revenue or gross
profit  on the  transaction  until a  substantial  amount  of the  cost has been
recovered, and collectibility is assured. The Company collected $612 during 2003
and recorded the receipts as a reduction  in the note  receivable  balance.  The
balance of the notes are expected to be collected during 2004 and  approximately
$482 of gross margin and $268 of interest income is expected to be recognized.

                                       49
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (In thousands)


Note 15 - Quarterly Financial Information - Unaudited

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              2003 Quarters                             2002 Quarters
                                              -------------                          ------------------
                                  First    Second    Third     Fourth        First    Second    Third     Fourth
                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>
Net sales.......................   $8,602   $8,534    $9,195    $9,106      $10,890   $11,257  $13,171   $11,633
Gross profit (1)................    2,159    2,675     2,965     1,690        3,316     3,051    3,777     2,612
Net earnings (loss).............     (758)    (390)      (65)   (1,536)      (6,703)       33      536      (323)
Basic earnings (loss) per share.    (0.10)   (0.05)    (0.01)    (0.20)       (0.88)      .01      .07      (.04)
Diluted earnings (loss) per
share...........................    (0.10)   (0.05)    (0.01)    (0.20)       (0.88)      .01      .07      (.04)

</TABLE>

(1) During the fourth quarter management did a thorough review of all of the
Company's  inventory  categories.  As a result, the Company recorded an increase
for excess inventory of $1,576.

                                       50
<PAGE>

               Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants



The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.:



The audits referred to in our report dated February 27, 2004,  except for note 4
for which the date is March 29,  2004,  relating to the  consolidated  financial
statements  of Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc. and  subsidiaries,  which is
contained  in Item 8 of this Form  10-K,  included  the  audit of the  financial
statement  schedule listed in the accompanying  index. This financial  statement
schedule is the responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on this  financial  statement  schedule  based upon our
audits.

In our opinion,  such  financial  statement  schedule  presents  fairly,  in all
material respects, the information set forth therein.


/s/ BDO Seidman, LLP

BDO Seidman, LLP
Woodbridge, New Jersey


February 27, 2004




                                       51
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
           SCHEDULE II. VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
              for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001
                             (Dollars in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               Column A                      Column B                Column C             Column D         Column E
               --------                      --------                --------             --------         --------
                                                                    Additions

                                            Balance at          Charged    Charged
        Allowance for Doubtful               Beginning           to        to Other      Deductions       Balance at
               Accounts                       of Year           Expenses   Accounts      Write-Offs      End of Year
               --------                       -------           --------   --------      ----------      -----------
<S>                                            <C>              <C>          <C>                            <C>
Year ended December 31, 2003:                  $715             $360         $117          ---              $1,192
Year ended December 31, 2002:                 $1,833            $180          ---      ($1,298)(1)            $715
Year ended December 31, 2001:                 $1,424            $409          ---          ---              $1,833

          Inventory Reserve
          -----------------
Year ended December 31, 2003:                 $2,443           $1,576         ---       ($547)(2)           $3,472
Year ended December 31, 2002:                 $1,943            $500          ---          ---              $2,443
Year ended December 31, 2001:                 $1,403            $540          ---          ---              $1,943

</TABLE>

(1)  Write  off of  uncollectible  accounts.  (2)  Disposal  of  fully  reserved
inventory.

                                       52
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                        BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC.


Date:  March 30, 2004                   By:  /S/ JAMES A. LUKSCH
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             James A. Luksch
                                             Chief Executive Officer

                                        By:  /S/ ERIC SKOLNIK
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Eric Skolnik
                                             Senior Vice President and Chief
                                                Financial Officer

     Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


Name                                     Title                              Date
----                                     -----                              ----


 /S/ JAMES A. LUKSCH       Director and Chief Executive           March 30, 2004
------------------------   Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
James A. Luksch


 /S/ ERIC SKOLNIK          Senior Vice President and Chief        March 30, 2004
------------------------   Financial Officer (Principal
Eric Skolnik               Financial Officer and Principal
                           Accounting Officer)


 /S/ ROBERT J. PALLE, JR.  Director, President, Chief             March 30, 2004
------------------------   Operating Officer and Secretary
Robert J. Palle, Jr.


 /S/ JOHN E. DWIGHT        Director                               March 30, 2004
------------------------
John E. Dwight


 /S/ JAMES H. WILLIAMS     Director                               March 30, 2004
------------------------
James H. Williams


 /S/ JAMES F. WILLIAMS     Director                               March 30, 2004
------------------------
James F. Williams

                                    53
<PAGE>


 /S/ ROBERT B. MAYER       Director
------------------------
Robert B. Mayer                                                   March 30, 2004


 /S/ GARY P. SCHARMETT     Director                               March 30, 2004
------------------------
Gary P. Scharmett


 /S/ ROBERT E. HEATON      Director                               March 30, 2004
------------------------
Robert E.  Heaton

                                       54

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
