<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>blonder10k2002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
                                    FORM 10-K

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT  PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, OR

[ ]  TRANSITION  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  13 OR  15(d)  OF THE  SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM  ___________________ to
     __________________

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 1-14120

                        BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC.
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          DELAWARE                                        52-1611421
---------------------------------           ------------------------------------
  (State or other jurisdiction              (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
of incorporation or organization)


ONE JAKE BROWN ROAD, OLD BRIDGE, NEW JERSEY                       08857
-------------------------------------------                     ----------
 (Address of principal executive offices)                       (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (732) 679-4000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

    Title of each class                     Name of Exchange on which registered
-----------------------------               ------------------------------------
COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.001                      AMERICAN STOCK EXCHANGE

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X  No
                                      ---   ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes    No X
                                      ---   ---

The  aggregate  market  value of  voting  stock  held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant  at December  31, 2002 (based on the number of shares of voting stock
outstanding  on December 31, 2002 and the closing  stock price on June 28, 2002,
as reported by the American Stock Exchange): $8,719,244.

Number of shares of common stock,  par value $.001,  outstanding as of March 21,
2003: 7,525,229.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Certain portions of the  registrant's  definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 8, 2003 (which is expected to be filed
with the  Commission  not later than 120 days after the end of the  registrant's
last fiscal year) are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.
<PAGE>

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

In  addition  to   historical   information,   this   Annual   Report   contains
forward-looking  statements  relating to such matters as  anticipated  financial
performance,  business  prospects,  technological  developments,  new  products,
research and development  activities and similar matters. The Private Securities
Litigation  Reform  Act of  1995  provides  a safe  harbor  for  forward-looking
statements.  In order to comply with the terms of the safe  harbor,  the Company
notes that a variety of factors  could cause the  Company's  actual  results and
experience  to  differ   materially  from  the  anticipated   results  or  other
expectations expressed in the Company's  forward-looking  statements.  The risks
and uncertainties  that may affect the operation,  performance,  development and
results of the Company's business include, but are not limited to, those matters
discussed  herein in the  sections  entitled  Item 1 - Business,  Item 3 - Legal
Proceedings,  and Item 7 -  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial
Condition   and  Results  of   Operations.   The  words   "believe",   "expect",
"anticipate",   "project"  and  similar  expressions  identify   forward-looking
statements.  Readers  are  cautioned  not  to  place  undue  reliance  on  these
forward-looking  statements,  which reflect management's analysis only as of the
date hereof.  The Company  undertakes  no  obligation  to publicly  revise these
forward-looking  statements to reflect events or circumstances  that arise after
the date hereof.  Readers  should  carefully  review the risk factors  described
herein  and in other  documents  the  Company  files  from time to time with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

INTRODUCTION

          Blonder Tongue Laboratories,  Inc. ("BLONDER TONGUE" or the "COMPANY")
is a designer,  manufacturer and supplier of a comprehensive line of electronics
and systems equipment for the cable television ("CATV") industry (both franchise
and  non-franchise,  or "private,"  cable).  The Company's  products are used to
acquire,  distribute  and  protect  the broad  range of  communications  signals
carried on fiber optic, coaxial cable and wireless distribution  systems.  These
products are sold to customers  providing an array of  communications  services,
including television, high-speed data (Internet) and telephony, to single family
dwellings,   multiple   dwelling  units  ("MDUs"),   the  lodging  industry  and
institutions such as hospitals, prisons, schools and marinas.

          Staying at the forefront of the  communications  broadband  technology
revolution is a continuing  challenge.  The Company continues to add products to
respond to the changes taking place.  Blonder Tongue's most recent addition is a
line of telephony products for the purpose of offering primary telephone service
to MDUs.  Other  product  additions  over the past  few  years  include  digital
satellite receivers,  high-speed data solutions,  fiber  communications  network
components,  QPSK to QAM  transcoders  (for DirecTV,  Echostar and Digicipher II
MPEG-2 Satellite Services), Digicipher II-compatible QAM set top converters, and
a broad range of interdiction products.

          The Company's  principal  customers are cable system integrators (both
franchise  and private cable  operators,  as well as  contractors)  that design,
package, install and in most instances operate, upgrade and maintain the systems
they build.

          The  Company has  historically  enjoyed,  and  continues  to enjoy,  a
dominant  market  position in the private cable  industry,  while  progressively
making inroads into the franchise cable market.  As the Company has expanded its
market coverage,  however,  the distinctions between private cable and franchise
cable  have  become  blurred.   For  example,   the  most   efficient,   highest
revenue-producing  private cable systems and small  franchise  cable systems are
built with the same electronic building blocks. Most of the electronics required
are  available  from  Blonder  Tongue.  In fact,  some of the  most  financially
successful cable systems in the United States employ Blonder Tongue interdiction
equipment.

          The Company  continues to expand its core product  lines  (headend and
distribution),  to maintain  the  capability  of  providing  all the  electronic
equipment  needed to build small cable systems and much of the equipment  needed
in larger systems for the most efficient operation and highest  profitability in
high density areas.

                                       2
<PAGE>

          The  Company  has  recently  expanded  beyond  its  core  business  by
acquiring a majority stake in a private cable television  system (BDR Broadband,
LLC ) and by  acquiring a minority  interest  in a company  engaged in a private
telephone program (Blonder Tongue Telephone, LLC).

          BDR Broadband,  LLC ("BDR Broadband"),  an 80% owned subsidiary of the
Company,  acquired the  rights-of-entry for certain MDU cable television systems
in August 2002.  The systems are comprised of  approximately  3,270 existing MDU
cable television  subscribers and approximately 7,340 passings. BDR Broadband is
a venture  between the  Company,  Priority  Systems,  LLC and  Paradigm  Capital
Investments,  LLC. Priority Systems, LLC and Paradigm Capital  Investments,  LLC
have  expertise in marketing  and operating MDU cable  television  systems.  The
Company believes that the model it has devised for acquiring and operating these
systems  will be  successful  and can be  replicated.  The Company is  currently
seeking   and   assessing   various    opportunities   to   acquire   additional
rights-of-entry  via venture  arrangements  with third parties that would market
and operate the systems.  As of the date hereof,  however,  the Company does not
have any binding commitments or agreements for any such acquisitions.

          In March,  2003,  the  Company  entered  into a series of  agreements,
pursuant to which it acquired a 20% minority interest in NetLinc Communications,
LLC and a 35% minority interest in Blonder Tongue  Telephone,  LLC (to which the
Company has licensed its name). As a result of these  acquisitions,  the Company
is now involved in providing a proprietary  telephone  system ideally suited for
MDU deployment in both products and services. Also through these agreements, the
Company has obtained exclusive worldwide distribution rights, subject to certain
limited  exceptions,  to  NetLinc's  telephony  products for sale to private and
franchise cable operators as well as to any buyers for use in MDU  applications.
See "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations - Overview" for a more detailed description of the investments in the
private cable operation and telephone program and the underlying operations.

          The Company was  incorporated  under the laws of the State of Delaware
in November, 1988.

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

          The broadband signal  distribution  industry (involving the high-speed
transmission  of  television,  telephony  and  internet  signals)  is  currently
dominated by CATV. The markets for wireless,  direct-broadcast satellite ("DBS")
and digital  subscriber  line ("DSL")  used for this  purpose  continue to grow.
Within the CATV market there are an increasing number of metropolitan areas that
have awarded  second CATV  franchises  to create  competition  with the existing
franchisee.  The  government has been in favor of competition in this market and
has passed  regulations to encourage it.  Franchise  cable  companies  carefully
monitor  DBS   penetration  in  their  franchise  areas  and  react  rapidly  to
competition,  all to the eventual benefit of the consumer. To fight competition,
the  operators  offer more  services  and more  television  channels  as well as
discounted  prices. The lineup of services typically includes an analog block of
channels  from 54 to 550 MHz,  high speed data service  using  high-speed  cable
modems,  cable telephony either  interfacing with switched  networks or internet
protocol  networks,  and digital  television in the 550 to 750 MHz range.  These
upgraded  services are possible in every system that has been rebuilt to 750 MHz
of bandwidth.  The standard architecture for these enhanced systems contemplates
a hybrid  distribution  network with a combination of fiber optic cable to nodes
of 100 to 500 subscribers,  with coaxial cable from the node to the customer and
full reverse-path capability for the pay-per-view, data and phone services.

          The  traditional  customer  targeted for these expanded  services is a
homeowner  likely to remain in the same home as a  long-term  subscriber.  For a
variety of reasons,  including  the  transient  nature of the  residents of many
areas,  high levels of theft of service and excessive  cost of replacing lost or
stolen converters and modems, approximately 35% of CATV subscribers not only are
not offered the new  services,  but are never  offered the full analog lineup of
channels.  Since converters,  DBS receivers,  digital  converters and modems are
offered at very low prices to stimulate  sales,  the operational  costs in these
demographic  areas are too high to justify  offering the advanced  services.  To
retain  customers in these areas,  a technology  must be used that minimizes the
operational  losses due to theft and "churn"  while  providing a level of video,
data and phone  service  that  compares  favorably  with DBS,  DSL and  wireless
providers.  The Company  believes  that its lineup of products,  which  includes
interdiction  as well as  high-speed  data and telephone  service,  is the ideal
solution for deployment in these areas.

                                       3
<PAGE>

          The Company is a value-added distributor for Motorola's QAM decoder to
the United States private cable and Canadian  franchise cable markets.  Coupling
this product with the  Company's  Digicipher(R)  II compatible  QQQT  transcoder
provides a low-cost  hardware  solution for small system  operators that want to
offer  digital  programming  from  sources  such  as  HITS(R)  and  Cancom.  The
transcoder  line has been  further  enhanced  to  include a Modular  QPSK to QAM
transcoder  MQQT that builds upon Blonder  Tongue's  innovative  original design
approach, but incorporates a scalable modular design.

     CATV
     ----

          Most CATV operators  have built fiber optic networks with  alternative
combinations  of fiber  optic and  coaxial  cable to deliver  television  signal
programming,  data, and phone services on one drop cable.  CATV's  deployment of
fiber  optic  trunk has been  completed  in many  existing  systems.  The system
architecture  being employed to accomplish the combined  provision of television
and  telephone  service is a hybrid fiber  coaxial  ("HFC")  network.  In an HFC
network,  fiber  optic  trunk  lines  connect  to  nodes  which  feed 100 to 500
subscribers, using coaxial cable.

          The  Company  believes  that  most  major   metropolitan   areas  will
eventually  have  complex  networks  of  two  or  more   independent   operators
interconnecting  homes,  while private cable  operators will have large networks
interconnecting  many  multi-dwelling  complexes.  All  of  these  networks  are
potential users of Blonder Tongue headend, digital and interdiction products.

     Multiple Dwelling Units (MDUs)
     ------------------------------

          MDUs,  because they represent a large  percentage of the private cable
market,  have  historically  been  responsible  for a  large  percentage  of the
Company's  sales.  In the early  days of cable  television  MDUs were  served by
franchise  cable  operators.  In  1991,  when  the FCC  allocated  a  designated
frequency  band for private  cable,  the private cable  industry  became a major
supplier of TV services to MDUs since they could interconnect  buildings with 18
GHz  over-the-air  links and  reduce the  cost-per-subscriber  in  building  MDU
networks.  This  type of  networking,  albeit  at a  slightly  lower  frequency,
continues today, however, presently many MDU private cable systems are connected
using fiber optics since it is more reliable,  has much greater  bandwidth,  and
can  handle  two-way   communication   which  is  needed  for  voice,  data  and
video-on-demand.

          A typical  private  cable MDU  provides  60 to 70  channels  of analog
signals   utilizing   Blonder  Tongue  core  headend   (receivers,   modulators,
processors,  etc.) and distribution products. MDUs served by franchise cable are
also a large revenue  source for Blonder  Tongue since they  generally fall into
the category of customers  where churn,  theft of service and converter loss are
extremely  high.  This makes these areas prime  candidates for Blonder  Tongue's
interdiction products.

     Lodging
     -------

          Since the early  1990's,  private cable  integrators  have competed to
expand  the   lodging   market  by   offering   systems   with  more   channels,
video-on-demand  and  interactivity.  These systems have been and continue to be
well received in the market, as property owners have sought additional  revenues
and guests have demanded increased in-room conveniences. The integrators leading
this market evolution rely upon outside  suppliers for their system  electronics
and are Blonder  Tongue  customers.  These  companies  and others offer  lodging
establishments  systems that provide  true  video-on-demand  movies with a large
selection of titles.  To meet these demands,  the typical lodging system headend
will include as many as 20 to 40 receivers  and as many as 60 to 80  modulators,
and  will  be  capable  of  providing   the  guest  with  more  free   channels,
video-on-demand for a broad selection of movie titles, and interactive  services
such as remote  check-out  and  concierge  services.  This is in contrast to the
systems  which  preceded  them,  which  typically  had  10 to 12  receivers  and
modulators  and  provided six to ten free  channels and two to five  channels of
VCR-based movies running at published scheduled times.

          Most of the systems with  video-on-demand  service  were  initially in
large  hotels,  where the  economics of high channel  capacity  systems are more
easily   justified.   The   conversion  of  hotel   pay-per-view   systems  into
video-on-demand is increasing. Smaller hotels and motels are being provided with
video-on-demand  as technology  results in reduced  headend  costs,  keeping the
market growth reasonably steady.

                                       4
<PAGE>

     International
     -------------

For much of the world, CATV service lags the United States,  but is expanding as
technological  advancement reduces the cost to consumers. In addition,  economic
development  in Latin  America and Asia has allowed first time  construction  of
integrated  delivery systems that utilize a variety of electronics and broadband
hardware.  The pace of growth is difficult to predict,  but as more alternatives
become available and television service becomes increasingly  affordable,  it is
anticipated  that  more  equipment  will be  placed in the  field.  The  Company
utilizes several distributors in Florida and within Latin America.

     Additional Considerations
     -------------------------

          The  technological  revolution  taking  place  in  the  communications
industry,  which includes DBS, is providing digital  television to an increasing
number of homes.  Wireless  cable  systems and DSL over twisted pair phone lines
also  utilize  digital   compression  to  provide  channel   capacity  which  is
competitive  with CATV and  other  television  delivery  systems.  In  addition,
franchise  cable  companies and  alternative  suppliers are building fiber optic
networks to offer video,  data, and telephony.  There is also the possibility of
convergence of data and video  communications,  wherein  computer and television
systems merge and the computer monitor replaces the television screen.  While it
is not possible to predict with certainty  which  technology will be dominant in
the  future,  it is clear that  digitized  video and  advances in the ability to
compress  the  digitized  video  signal  make both  digital  television  and the
convergence of computer, telephone and television systems technically possible.

          Since United States  television sets are for the most part analog (not
digital), direct satellite television and other digitally compressed programming
requires headend products or expensive set-top decoding  receivers or converters
to convert the  digitally  transmitted  satellite  signals  back to analog.  The
replacement  of all  television  sets with  digital sets will be costly and take
many  years to  complete.  The  Company  believes  that for many  years to come,
program  providers  will be required to deliver an analog  television  signal on
standard channels to subscribers' television sets using headend products at some
distribution  point in their  networks  or  employ  decoding  receivers  at each
television  set.  Headend  products  are a large  segment  of  Blonder  Tongue's
business and the Company believes  interdiction is an ideal product for a system
operator to use to control access to the multitude of  programming  that will be
available.

PRODUCTS

          Blonder  Tongue's  products can be  separated,  according to function,
into the several categories described below:

     o    HEADEND  PRODUCTS  used by a system  operator for signal  acquisition,
     processing and  manipulation for further  transmission.  Among the products
     offered by the Company in this  category are satellite  receivers  (digital
     and  analog),  integrated  receiver/decoders,   transcoders,  demodulators,
     modulators,  antennas  and  antenna  mounts,  amplifiers,  equalizers,  and
     processors.  The headend of a television signal  distribution system is the
     "brain" of the system, the central location where the multi-channel  signal
     is initially  received,  converted and  allocated to specific  channels for
     distribution.  In some cases,  where the signal is transmitted in encrypted
     form or digitized  and  compressed,  the receiver  will also be required to
     decode  the  signal.  Blonder  Tongue is a  licensee  of  Motorola,  Inc.'s
     ("Motorola")  VideoCipher(R) and DigiCipher(R)  encryption technologies and
     integrates their decoders into integrated  receiver/decoder products, where
     required.  Another alternative is to transcode the signal's modulation from
     QPSK (quadrature phase shift key) to QAM (quadrature  amplitude modulation)
     since one is optimum for satellite  transmission  and the other optimum for
     fiber/coaxial  distribution.  The Company  estimates that Headend  Products
     accounted for approximately  66% of the Company's  revenues in 2002, 58% in
     2001, and 40% in 2000.

     o    DATA PRODUCTS used to provide Internet access and data transfer over a
     hybrid  fiber/coaxial  cable  system.  Products  in this  category  include
     standard  cable  modems and  routers,  and the new  MegaPort  solution  for
     providing broadband Internet access to MDUs. The MegaPort solution consists
     of two main  components,  the  Gateway  and the  Intelligent  Outlets.  The
     Gateway is a broadband ethernet router or bridge that establishes a network
     within a building or community. The Intelligent Outlet serves as the modem,
     but

                                       5
<PAGE>

     is  permanently  installed  in the  home to  eliminate  loss  of  equipment
     associated  with churn.  Each Gateway can  accommodate 64 enabled  Outlets.
     Plus,  when  multiple  outlets are  installed in a  residence,  they can be
     configured  for home  networking  for an additional  revenue stream for the
     operator.

     o    TELEPHONY  PRODUCTS used to provide expanded  telephone service to MDU
     subscribers.  The products are designed to offer  carrier  class  telephone
     service to residences  using existing  twisted pair wires.  Service will be
     fully  transparent to subscribers  with advanced  calling  features such as
     911,  Caller ID, Call Waiting  Plus,  and Three-way  Calling  available and
     bundled at a flat rate to subscribers.  The Blonder Tongue telephony family
     of products includes a T1 concentrator and a multiplexer. The system starts
     at a  telephone  company  class 5 switch  located  at their  local  central
     office.  A T1 line is routed from the switch and brought to the  LoopXpress
     Concentrator.  The telephone  information  is then routed to the LineXpress
     Multiplexer which converts the digital format into analog voice frequencies
     for  transmission to up to 12 independent  resident  telephone  lines.  The
     existing  twisted-pair  telephone  wiring  infrastructure  is  utilized  to
     provide dial tone at a  resident's  premises using any standard  telephone.
     System  operation,  including  activating and deactivating  phone lines, is
     achieved through a point-and-click  software package.  Communication to the
     equipment  can be  performed  locally or remotely for  increased  operating
     efficiency and  simplified  system  management.  While the Company does not
     have a history of sales of telephony  products as it only recently acquired
     the distribution rights, the Company believes that sales of these telephony
     products will grow into a significant source of revenue for the Company.

     o    MICROWAVE  PRODUCTS  used to  transmit  the  output of a cable  system
     headend to multiple locations using  point-to-point  communication links in
     the 18 GHz range of  frequencies.  Products  offered in this  category  are
     power  amplifiers,   repeaters,  receivers,   transmitters  and  compatible
     accessories.  These products convert the headend output up to the microwave
     band and transmit this signal using  parabolic  antennas.  At each receiver
     site, a parabolic antenna-receiver  combination converts the signal back to
     normal VHF  frequencies  for  distribution  to  subscribers at the receiver
     site.  Due to a Second  Order on  Reconsideration  adopted  by the  Federal
     Communications  Commission  ("FCC")  in  November  2002,  coupled  with the
     availability  and inherent  superiority of fiber optics in linking adjacent
     properties  in  MDU   applications,   sales  of  microwave   products  have
     diminished.  While microwave  products will continue to be sold to maintain
     existing systems,  the Company does not anticipate that these products will
     contribute significantly to the Company's revenues.

     o    FIBER  PRODUCTS used to transmit the output of a cable system  headend
     to multiple  locations using fiber optic cable.  Among the products offered
     are optical  transmitters,  receivers,  couplers,  splitters and compatible
     accessories.  These products  convert RF frequencies to light (or infrared)
     frequencies  and launch them on optical  fiber.  At each receiver  site, an
     optical  receiver  is used to  convert  the  signals  back  to  normal  VHF
     frequencies  for  distribution  to  subscribers.  Sales of products in this
     category  continue to increase as they have become the product of choice in
     applications formerly suitable to the use of microwave products.

     o    DISTRIBUTION  PRODUCTS  used to  permit  signals  to  travel  from the
     headend to their ultimate  destination  in a home,  apartment  unit,  hotel
     room,  office or other terminal  location  along a distribution  network of
     fiber optic or coaxial cable.  Among the products offered by the Company in
     this category are optical transmitters,  optical receivers, line extenders,
     broadband  amplifiers,  directional taps,  splitters and wall taps. In CATV
     systems, the distribution products are either mounted on exterior telephone
     poles or encased in pedestals, vaults or other security devices. In private
     cable  systems the  distribution  system is typically  enclosed  within the
     walls of the  building  (if a  single  structure)  or added to an  existing
     structure  using various  techniques to hide the coaxial cable and devices.
     The  non-passive  devices  within this category are designed to ensure that
     the signal  distributed from the headend is of sufficient  strength when it
     arrives  at its final  destination  to  provide  high  quality  audio/video
     images.

     o    INTERDICTION  PRODUCTS used to control  access to  programming  at the
     subscriber's  location.  Among the products  offered by the Company in this
     category are (i) its VideoMask(TM) addressable signal jammer, licensed from
     Philips  Electronics  North America  Corporation and its affiliate  Philips
     Broadband  Networks,  Inc. (ii) the SMI Interdiction  product line acquired
     from  Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc. as part of its interdiction  business,  and
     (iii) the recently  introduced  Addressable  Multi-Tap (AMT).  Interdiction

                                       6
<PAGE>

     products limit the availability of programs to subscribers, through jamming
     of  particular  channels.  Such  products  enable an  operator  to  control
     subscriber access to premium channels and other enhanced services through a
     computer  located  off-premises.  They also  eliminate  the necessity of an
     operator  having to make a service call to install or remove  passive traps
     and eliminate the costs  associated  with damage or loss of analog  set-top
     converters in the  subscribers'  locations.  The Company  believes that the
     reduction in operating costs,  programming piracy, and converter loss which
     can be obtained through the use of interdiction can be a significant factor
     in further  product  penetration  into the  franchise  cable  market in MDU
     applications.  While it is not  possible  to predict  the breadth of market
     acceptance  for these  products,  the Company  believes  the  potential  is
     substantial in both the private cable market and franchise  cable market as
     alternatives to, or in conjunction with, set-top converters and as a viable
     option for companies and municipalities who are overbuilding existing cable
     infrastructures and are seeking a more consumer-friendly and cost-effective
     way to compete with the incumbent  franchise  cable  operator.  The Company
     estimates that Interdiction  products accounted for approximately 8% of the
     Company's revenues in 2002, 15% in 2001, and 42% in 2000.

     o    TEST  PRODUCTS   used  for  measuring   signals  in  the  Headend  and
     Distribution.  Among the products  offered by the Company in this  category
     are analog and digital Spectrum  Analyzers,  QPSK Analyzers,  and hand held
     Palm Analyzers. While the Company expects to continue selling test products
     to meet the needs of customers,  the Company does not anticipate that these
     products will contribute significantly to the Company's revenues.

          The  Company  will  modify  its  products  to meet  specific  customer
requirements.  Typically,  these  modifications  are minor and do not materially
alter the  functionality of the products.  Thus the inability of the customer to
accept such products does not  generally  result in the Company being  otherwise
unable to sell such products to other customers.

RESEARCH AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

          The   markets   served  by  Blonder   Tongue  are   characterized   by
technological   change,  new  product   introductions,   and  evolving  industry
standards.  To compete effectively in this environment,  the Company must engage
in continuous research and development in order to (i) create new products, (ii)
expand the frequency range of existing products in order to accommodate customer
demand for greater  channel  capacity,  (iii)  license new  technology  (such as
digital  satellite  receiver  decoders and high-speed  cable  modems),  and (iv)
acquire products incorporating  technology that could not otherwise be developed
quickly  enough using internal  resources,  to suit the dynamics of the evolving
marketplace. Research and development projects are often initially undertaken at
the request of and in an effort to address the particular needs of the Company's
customers and customer  prospects with the expectation or promise of substantial
future orders from such customers or customer prospects. Additional research and
development efforts are also continuously  underway for the purpose of enhancing
product quality and engineering to lower  production  costs. For the acquisition
of new  technologies,  the Company may rely upon technology  licenses from third
parties  when the  Company  believes  that it can obtain  such  technology  more
quickly and/or  cost-effectively  from such third parties than the Company could
otherwise develop on its own, or when the desired technology is proprietary to a
third party. There were 21 employees in the research and development  department
of the Company at December 31, 2002.

MARKETING AND SALES

          Blonder  Tongue  markets and sells its  products  worldwide to private
cable operators and system contractors (which accounted for approximately 45% of
the  Company's  revenues for fiscal  2002,  approximately  48% of the  Company's
revenues for fiscal year 2001 and  approximately  56% for fiscal year 2000),  to
alternative  providers,  to  franchise  cable  operators,  and  to  the  lodging
industry.  Sales are made directly to customers by the Company's  internal sales
force,  as  well  as  through  numerous  domestic  and  international   stocking
distributors.

          The Company's sales and marketing function is predominantly  performed
by its internal  sales  force.  Should it be deemed  necessary,  the Company may
retain  independent  sales  representatives  in particular  geographic  areas or
targeted to specific  customer  prospects.  The Company's  internal  sales force
consists  of  25  employees,   which  currently   includes  11  salespersons  (7
salespersons in Old Bridge,  New Jersey, one salesperson

                                       7
<PAGE>

in each of North  Myrtle  Beach,  South  Carolina,  Cudahy,  Wisconsin,  Folsom,
California,  and Miami,  Florida) and 14 sales-support  personnel at the Company
headquarters in Old Bridge, New Jersey.

          The Company's  standard customer payment terms are 2%-10, net 30 days.
From time to time where the Company determines that circumstances  warrant, such
as when a  customer  agrees to commit to a large  blanket  purchase  order,  the
Company extends payment terms beyond its standard payment terms.

          The  Company has  several  marketing  programs to support the sale and
distribution  of its products.  Blonder  Tongue  participates  in industry trade
shows and conferences.  The Company also publishes  technical  articles in trade
and technical  journals,  distributes  sales and product  literature  and has an
active public  relations plan to ensure  complete  coverage of Blonder  Tongue's
products  and  technology  by editors of trade  journals.  The Company  provides
system  design  engineering  for  its  customers,  maintains  extensive  ongoing
communications with many original equipment  manufacturer customers and provides
one-on-one  demonstrations  and technical  seminars to potential new  customers.
Blonder Tongue supplies sales and applications  support,  product literature and
training to its sales  representatives  and distributors.  The management of the
Company travels  extensively,  identifying  customer needs and meeting potential
customers.

          The Company had  approximately  $1.0 million in purchase  orders as of
December 31, 2002.  All of the purchase  orders  outstanding  as of December 31,
2002 are expected to be shipped prior to December 31, 2003. The purchase  orders
are for the future  delivery of products and are subject to  cancellation by the
customer.

CUSTOMERS

          Blonder Tongue has a broad  customer base,  which in 2002 consisted of
more than 600 active accounts.  Approximately 50%, 39%, and 56% of the Company's
revenues in fiscal years 2002, 2001, and 2000,  respectively,  were derived from
sales of products to the  Company's  five largest  customers.  In 2002 and 2001,
sales to Toner Cable Equipment,  Inc.  accounted for  approximately  20% and 14%
respectively of the Company's revenues. There can be no assurance that any sales
to these entities,  individually or as a group,  will reach or exceed historical
levels in any  future  period.  However,  the  Company  anticipates  that  these
customers  will continue to account for a  significant  portion of the Company's
revenues in future  periods,  although none of them is obligated to purchase any
specified amount of products or to provide the Company with binding forecasts of
product purchases for any future period.

          The  complement of leading  customers may shift as the most  efficient
and better  financed  integrators  grow more rapidly  than  others.  The Company
believes  that many  integrators  will grow  rapidly,  and as such the Company's
success  will  depend in part on the  viability  of those  customers  and on the
Company's  ability to  maintain  its  position  in the  overall  marketplace  by
shifting its  emphasis to those  customers  with the greatest  growth and growth
prospects.  Any  substantial  decrease  or  delay in sales to one or more of the
Company's leading customers,  the financial failure of any of these entities, or
the Company's  inability to develop and maintain  solid  relationships  with the
integrators  which may  replace  the  present  leading  customers,  would have a
material  adverse  effect on the Company's  results of operations  and financial
condition.

          The Company's  revenues are derived  primarily  from  customers in the
continental  United  States,  however,  the Company also derives  revenues  from
customers outside the continental United States,  primarily in Canada as well as
in  underdeveloped  countries.  Television  service  is less  developed  in many
international markets, particularly Latin America and Asia, creating opportunity
for those  participants who offer quality products at a competitive price. Sales
to customers outside of the United States  represented  approximately 8%, 2% and
2% of the Company's  revenues in fiscal years 2002, 2001 and 2000  respectively.
All  of  the  Company's  transactions  with  customers  located  outside  of the
continental  United  States are  denominated  in U.S.  dollars,  therefore,  the
Company has no material foreign currency transactions.

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLIERS

          Blonder Tongue's manufacturing operations are located at the Company's
headquarters in Old Bridge, New Jersey. The Company's  manufacturing  operations
are vertically integrated and consist principally of the assembly and testing of
electronic  assemblies built from fabricated  parts,  printed circuit boards and
electronic

                                       8
<PAGE>

devices and the  fabrication  from raw sheet metal of chassis and  cabinets  for
such  assemblies.  Management  continues  to implement a  significant  number of
changes to the  manufacturing  process to increase  production volume and reduce
product  cost,  including  logistics  modifications  on the  factory  floor,  an
increased  use of surface  mount,  axial lead and radial lead  robotics to place
electronic components on printed circuit boards, a continuing program of circuit
board redesign to make more products compatible with robotic insertion equipment
and an increased integration in machining and fabrication.  All of these efforts
are consistent with and part of the Company's  strategy to provide its customers
with high performance-to-cost ratio products.

          Outside contractors supply standard  components,  etch-printed circuit
boards and electronic subassemblies to the Company's  specifications.  While the
Company generally purchases  electronic parts which do not have a unique source,
certain  electronic  component  parts used  within the  Company's  products  are
available  from a limited  number of  suppliers  and can be subject to temporary
shortages  because of general economic  conditions and the demand and supply for
such component parts. If the Company were to experience a temporary  shortage of
any given electronic part, the Company believes that alternative  parts could be
obtained or system design changes  implemented.  However, in such situations the
Company may  experience  temporary  reductions  in its ability to ship  products
affected by the component shortage. On an as-needed basis, the Company purchases
several  products  from sole  suppliers  for which  alternative  sources are not
available,  such as the  VideoCipher(R)  and  DigiCipher(R)  encryption  systems
manufactured by Motorola,  which are standard encryption  methodologies employed
on U.S. C-Band and Ku-Band  transponders and Hughes digital satellite  receivers
for  delivery  of  DIRECTV(TM)  programming.   An  inability  to  timely  obtain
sufficient  quantities of these  components could have a material adverse effect
on the Company's operating results.  The Company does not have an agreement with
any sole source  supplier  requiring the supplier to sell a specified  volume of
components to the Company.

          Blonder  Tongue  maintains  a quality  assurance  program  which tests
samples of component parts purchased,  as well as its finished  products,  on an
ongoing basis and also conducts tests throughout the manufacturing process using
commercially  available  and in-house  built  testing  systems that  incorporate
proprietary  procedures.  Blonder Tongue performs final product tests on 100% of
its products prior to shipment to customers.

COMPETITION

          All aspects of the  Company's  business  are highly  competitive.  The
Company   competes  with  national,   regional  and  local   manufacturers   and
distributors,   including  companies  larger  than  Blonder  Tongue  which  have
substantially greater resources.  Various manufacturers who are suppliers to the
Company sell  directly as well as through  distributors  into the  franchise and
private  cable   marketplaces.   Because  of  the   convergence  of  the  cable,
telecommunications and computer industries and rapid technological  development,
new competitors  may seek to enter the principal  markets served by the Company.
Many of  these  potential  competitors  have  significantly  greater  financial,
technical,  manufacturing,  marketing,  sales and other  resources  than Blonder
Tongue.  The Company expects that direct and indirect  competition will increase
in the future. Additional competition could result in price reductions,  loss of
market share and delays in the timing of customer orders.  The principal methods
of competition are product  differentiation,  performance and quality, price and
terms, service, and technical and administrative support.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

          The Company  currently  holds 30 United States  patents and 14 foreign
patents  covering a wide range of electronic  systems and circuits,  of which 19
United  States  patents and 10 foreign  patents were  obtained in the  Company's
acquisition of  Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc.'s  interdiction  business during 1998.
Other than certain of the patents acquired from  Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc., none
of the  Company's  patents  are  considered  material to the  Company's  present
operations  because they do not relate to high volume  applications.  Because of
the rapidly evolving nature of the CATV industry,  the Company believes that its
market position as a supplier to cable  integrators  derives  primarily from its
ability to develop a  continuous  stream of new  products  which are designed to
meet its customers' needs and which have a high performance-to-cost ratio.

          The Company has a registered trademark on "Blonder Tongue(R)" and also
on a "BT(R)"  logo. In connection  with the  transactions  pursuant to which the
Company acquired an ownership  interest in NetLinc and

                                       9
<PAGE>

Blonder  Tongue  Telephone,  the  Company  granted  Blonder  Tongue  Telephone a
non-exclusive,  revocable and  royalty-free  license to use these trademarks and
certain variations of such names.

          The  Company  is a  licensee  of  Philips  Electronics  North  America
Corporation and its affiliate Philips Broadband Networks, Inc., Motorola, Hughes
and several smaller software development companies.

          Under  the  Philips  License  Agreements,  the  Company  is  granted a
non-exclusive  license for a term which expires in 2010,  concurrently  with the
last to expire of the relevant patents.  The Philips License  Agreements provide
for the payment by the Company of a one-time  license fee and for the payment by
the Company of royalties based upon unit sales of licensed products.

          The  Company  is  a  licensee  of  Motorola   relating  to  Motorola's
VideoCipher(R)  encryption  technology  and is also a party to a  private  label
agreement  with Motorola  relating to its  DigiCipher(R)  technology.  Under the
VideoCipher(R) license agreement, the Company is granted a non-exclusive license
under certain proprietary  know-how,  to design and manufacture certain licensed
products to be compatible with the VideoCipher(R) commercial descrambler module.
The VideoCipher(R)  license agreement provides for the payment by the Company of
a one-time  license fee for the  Company's  first model of licensed  product and
additional  one-time license fees for each additional model of licensed product.
The  VideoCipher(R)  license  agreement  also  provides  for the  payment by the
Company  of  royalties  based upon unit sales of  licensed  products.  Under the
DigiCipher(R) private label agreement,  the Company is granted the non-exclusive
right to sell DigiCipher(R) II integrated  receiver decoders bearing the Blonder
Tongue name for use in the commercial  market.  The DigiCipher(R)  private label
agreement  provides for the payment by the Company of a one-time license fee for
the Company's first model of licensed  product and additional  one-time  license
fees for each additional model of licensed product.

          During 1996, the Company entered into several software development and
license agreements for specifically  designed  controller and interface software
necessary  for  the  operation  of  the  Company's  Video   Central(TM)   remote
interdiction control system, which is used for remote operation of VideoMask(TM)
signal jammers installed at subscriber  locations.  These licenses are perpetual
and  require the  payment of a one-time  license fee and in one case  additional
payments, the aggregate of which are not material.

          The Company relies on a combination  of  contractual  rights and trade
secret laws to protect its proprietary  technologies and know-how.  There can be
no  assurance  that the  Company  will be able to protect its  technologies  and
know-how or that third parties will not be able to develop similar  technologies
and know-how independently. Therefore, existing and potential competitors may be
able to develop  products that are competitive  with the Company's  products and
such competition could adversely affect the prices for the Company's products or
the Company's  market share.  The Company also believes that factors such as the
technological  and creative skills of its personnel,  new product  developments,
frequent product enhancements, name recognition and reliable product maintenance
are essential to establishing and maintaining its leadership position.

REGULATION

          Private  cable,  while in some cases  subject to certain FCC licensing
requirements,  is not presently burdened with extensive government  regulations.
Franchise  cable operators had been subject to extensive  government  regulation
pursuant to the Cable  Television  Consumer  Protection and  Competition  Act of
1992,  which among other things provided for rate rollbacks for basic tier cable
service,  further rate reductions under certain circumstances and limitations on
future rate  increases.  The  Telecommunications  Act of 1996  deregulated  many
aspects of franchise  cable system  operation and opened the door to competition
among  cable  operators  and  telephone  companies  in each of their  respective
industries.

          In June,  2000,  the FCC  adopted  and  issued a Final  Rule and Order
relating to the re-designation of portions of the 18GHz-frequency band among the
various  currently  allocated  services.  The Final Rules  regarding  this issue
provided  for  the  grandfathering,  for a  period  of  ten  years,  of  certain
pre-existing (installed) terrestrial fixed service operators ("TFSOs") and TFSOs
that  had made  application  for a  license  prior to a  certain  date.  The FCC
segmented  the  18GHz-frequency  band into  several  sub-bands  and provided for
varying  obligations and rights as between the TFSOs and Fixed Satellite Service
Operators ("FSSOs").  Overall, the Final Rules were complex and placed a measure
of uncertainty upon TFSOs  considering the use of microwave gear in new systems.
In November

                                       10
<PAGE>

2002,  the FCC issued a Second Order on  Reconsideration  (the "SECOND  ORDER"),
which  redefines the use of the 18 GHz microwave band.  Among other things,  the
Second Order changes the permissible  band of transmission  for future microwave
links  from the 18.42 to 18.58  GHz band to the 17.7 GHz to 18.3 GHz band.  As a
result of the Second Order,  the Company's  existing  microwave  inventory would
have to be modified to function  within the new  frequency  band.  While the new
18GHz band provides  additional  channel capacity to the private cable operator,
because  specialized and expensive  equipment will be required to take advantage
of this  additional  bandwidth , the impact on future sales is uncertain at this
time.  These issues,  coupled with the recent advances in the use of fiber optic
cable  and the  inherent  superiority  in  fiber  due to its  greater  bandwidth
capability,  have resulted in a shift in customer  purchases away from microwave
gear and toward fiber optics.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS

          The  Company  is  subject  to a variety  of  Federal,  state and local
governmental  regulations related to the storage, use, discharge and disposal of
toxic,  volatile or  otherwise  hazardous  chemicals  used in its  manufacturing
processes.  The Company did not incur in 2002 and does not anticipate  incurring
in 2003 material  capital  expenditures  for compliance with Federal,  state and
local  environmental laws and regulations.  There can be no assurance,  however,
that  changes  in  environmental  regulations  will not  result  in the need for
additional capital expenditures or otherwise impose additional financial burdens
on the Company.  Further,  such regulations could restrict the Company's ability
to expand its operations.  Any failure by the Company to obtain required permits
for,  control the use of, or adequately  restrict the  discharge  of,  hazardous
substances  under  present or future  regulations  could  subject the Company to
substantial  liability  or  could  cause  its  manufacturing  operations  to  be
suspended.

          The Company presently holds a permit from the New Jersey Department of
Environmental  Protection  ("NJDEP"),  Division of  Environmental  Quality,  Air
Pollution   Control  Program  relating  to  its  operation  of  certain  process
equipment,  which  permit  expires in June,  2003.  The  Company has held such a
permit  for  this   equipment  on  a   substantially   continuous   basis  since
approximately  April,  1989.  The Company also has  authorization  under the New
Jersey  Pollution  Discharge  Elimination  System/Discharge  to  Surface  Waters
General  Industrial  Stormwater Permit,  Permit No. NJ0088315.  This permit will
expire May 31, 2007.

EMPLOYEES

          As of March 7, 2003, the Company  employed  approximately  344 people,
including 249 in  manufacturing,  21 in research and development,  15 in quality
assurance,  15 in production  services,  25 in sales and marketing,  and 19 in a
general and administrative  capacity. 162 of the Company's employees are members
of the International  Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Union, Local 2066, which
has a three year labor  agreement with the Company  expiring in February,  2005.
The Company considers its relations with its employees to be good.

ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

          The  Company's  principal   manufacturing,   engineering,   sales  and
administrative facilities consist of one building totaling approximately 130,000
square feet located on approximately 20 acres of land in Old Bridge,  New Jersey
(the  "OLD  BRIDGE  FACILITY")  which is owned by the  Company.  The Old  Bridge
Facility is  encumbered  by a mortgage  held by Commerce  Bank in the  principal
amount of  $3,325,000  as of December 31, 2002.  The Company also leases  office
space in  Cudahy,  Wisconsin  for which it pays rent of  approximately  $300 per
month.

          Management  believes  that the Old  Bridge  Facility  is  adequate  to
support the Company's  anticipated  needs in 2003.  Subject to  compliance  with
applicable  zoning and  building  codes,  the Old Bridge real  property is large
enough to double the size of the plant to accommodate expansion of the Company's
operations should the need arise.

ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

          The  Company  is a party  to  certain  proceedings  incidental  to the
ordinary  course of its  business,  none of which,  in the  current  opinion  of
management,  is  likely  to have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

                                       11
<PAGE>

ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

          No matters  were  submitted to a vote of security  holders  during the
fourth quarter ended December 31, 2002,  through the  solicitation of proxies or
otherwise.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

          The  Company's  common  stock has been  traded on the  American  Stock
Exchange since the Company's  initial public  offering on December 14, 1995. The
following table sets forth for the fiscal quarters  indicated,  the high and low
sale prices for the Company's Common Stock on the American Stock Exchange.

MARKET INFORMATION

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002:         High           Low
                                             ----           ---

         First Quarter .................... $3.86          $3.20
         Second Quarter....................  3.62           2.70
         Third Quarter ....................  2.70           1.10
         Fourth Quarter....................  2.25           1.09

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001:         High           Low
                                             ----           ---

         First Quarter ....................  4.13           2.12
         Second Quarter....................  4.00           2.16
         Third Quarter ....................  4.23           2.96
         Fourth Quarter ...................  4.29           3.00


          The Company's  Common Stock is traded on the American  Stock  Exchange
under the symbol "BDR".

HOLDERS

          As of March 21,  2003,  the  Company had  approximately  65 holders of
record of the Common  Stock.  Since a portion of the  Company's  common stock is
held in "street" or nominee  name,  the Company is unable to determine the exact
number of beneficial holders.

DIVIDENDS

          The  Company  currently  anticipates  that it will  retain  all of its
earnings to finance the operation  and expansion of its business,  and therefore
does not intend to pay dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable  future.
Other than in connection with certain "S" corporation distributions prior to its
initial  public  offering,  the  Company  has  never  declared  or paid any cash
dividends on its Common Stock. Any  determination to pay dividends in the future
is at the  discretion of the  Company's  Board of Directors and will depend upon
the Company's financial condition, results of operations,  capital requirements,
limitations  contained in loan agreements and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deems relevant.  The Company's loan agreement with Commerce Bank, N.A.
prohibits the payment of cash dividends by the Company on its Common Stock.

ITEM 6.           SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

          The selected consolidated statement of operations data presented below
for each of the years ended  December 31, 2002,  2001 and 2000, and the selected
consolidated  balance  sheet data as of December 31, 2002 and 2001,  are derived
from,  and are  qualified by reference  to, the audited  consolidated  financial
statements  of

                                       12
<PAGE>

the Company and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The selected
consolidated  statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 1999
and 1998 and the  selected  consolidated  balance  sheet data as of December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 are derived from audited  consolidated  financial statements
not included  herein.  The data set forth below is qualified in its entirety by,
and should be read in conjunction with, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial  Condition and Results of Operations" and the  consolidated  financial
statements,  notes  thereto  and other  financial  and  statistical  information
appearing elsewhere herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                              -------------------------------------------------------
                                               2002         2001       2000        1999       1998(1)
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
                                                           (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:

<S>                                           <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>
Net sales ..................................  $ 46,951    $ 53,627   $ 70,196    $ 56,805    $ 70,792
Cost of goods sold .........................    34,195      36,928     46,974      39,074      45,344
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
  Gross profit .............................    12,756      16,699     23,222      17,731      25,448
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative ......     9,060      11,209     13,572      13,598     10,755
  Research and development .................     1,972       2,200      2,125       2,070       2,156
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
  Total operating expenses .................    11,032      13,409     15,697      15,668      12,911
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
Earnings from operations ...................     1,724       3,290      7,525       2,063      12,537
Interest expense ...........................     1,074       1,369      1,948       2,008       1,596
Other income, net ..........................        --          --        (10)         (6)        (40)
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
Earnings before income taxes ...............       650       1,921      5,587          61      10,981
Provision for income taxes .................       221         704      2,011           2       3,868
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
Earnings before cumulative effect of
change in accounting principle .............       429       1,217      3,576          59       7,113
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax (2) ..................    (6,886)         --         --          --          --
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
Net (loss) earnings ........................  $ (6,457)   $  1,217   $  3,576    $     59    $  7,113
                                              ========    ========   ========    ========    ========
Basic earnings per share before cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle ...  $   0.06    $   0.16   $   0.47    $   0.01    $   0.86
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax ......................     (0.90)         --         --          --          --
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
Basic earnings (loss) per share ............  $  (0.84)   $   0.16   $   0.47    $   0.01    $   0.86
                                              ========    ========   ========    ========    ========
Basic weighted average shares outstanding
Diluted earnings per share before ..........     7,604       7,613      7,620       7,916       8,292
cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle ..................................  $   0.06    $   0.16   $   0.47    $   0.01    $   0.84
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle, net of tax ......................     (0.90)         --         --          --          --
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
Diluted earnings (loss) per share ..........  $  (0.84)   $   0.16   $   0.47    $   0.01    $   0.84
                                              ========    ========   ========    ========    ========
Diluted weighted average shares outstanding      7,604       7,637      7,632       7,958       8,471


</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                              --------------------------------------------------------
                                                2002        2001       2000        1999       1998(1)
                                              --------    --------   --------    --------    --------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS)
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
<S>                                           <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>
Working capital ...........................   $ 30,317    $ 31,254   $ 27,154    $ 25,456    $ 17,049
Total assets ..............................     52,002      64,386     62,834      66,076      69,651
Long-term debt (including
current maturities) .......................     16,910      16,195     16,184      20,607      22,359
Stockholders' equity ......................     33,267      39,962     39,096      35,247      40,496
</TABLE>

------------------

(1) On March 26, 1998,  the Company  acquired  all of the assets and  technology
    rights of Scientific-Atlanta, Inc.'s interdiction business.
(2) Effective  January 1, 2002, the Company  implemented FAS 142, which resulted
    in the write off of $10,760 of the net book value of goodwill, offset by the
    future tax benefit thereof in the amount of $3,874.

                                       13
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION  AND  ANALYSIS  OF  FINANCIAL  CONDITION  AND
          RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

          The  following  discussion  and analysis of the  Company's  historical
results of  operations  and liquidity  and capital  resources  should be read in
conjunction  with "Selected  Consolidated  Financial Data" and the  consolidated
financial  statements  of the  Company  and notes  thereto  appearing  elsewhere
herein.

OVERVIEW

          The Company was  incorporated  in  November,  1988,  under the laws of
Delaware as GPS  Acquisition  Corp. for the purpose of acquiring the business of
Blonder-Tongue Laboratories, Inc., a New Jersey corporation which was founded in
1950 by Ben H. Tongue and Isaac S. Blonder to design,  manufacture  and supply a
line of  electronics  and systems  equipment  principally  for the Private Cable
industry.  Following the  acquisition,  the Company  changed its name to Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc.

          The  Company's  success  is due in part  to  management's  efforts  to
leverage  the  Company's  reputation  by  broadening  its product  line to offer
one-stop  shop   convenience  to  private  cable  and  franchise   cable  system
integrators and to deliver products having a high performance-to-cost ratio.

          In  December,  1995,  the Company  successfully  concluded  an initial
public offering of 2,200,000 shares of its Common Stock. Thereafter,  in January
1996, the Company's  underwriters  exercised their  over-allotment  option, as a
result of which an additional  181,735 shares of the Company's Common Stock were
sold. The proceeds  received by the Company from the sale of its Common Stock in
the offering (including shares sold pursuant to the over-allotment  option), net
of  expenses of the  offering  and certain S  Corporation  distributions  to the
Company's principal stockholders,  were approximately  $14,045,000.  These funds
were used to  acquire  the  Company's  Old  Bridge  Facility  and to reduce  the
Company's  outstanding bank debt. The Company has further enhanced its liquidity
through a long-term loan secured by a mortgage against the Old Bridge Facility.

          On  March  26,  1998,  the  Company  acquired  all of the  assets  and
technology  rights,   including  the  SMI  Interdiction  product  line,  of  the
interdiction business (the "INTERDICTION BUSINESS") of Scientific-Atlanta,  Inc.
("SCIENTIFIC")  for a purchase price consisting of (i) $19 million in cash, (ii)
67,889 shares of the Company's common stock, (iii) a warrant to purchase 150,000
additional  shares of the Company's  common stock at an exercise price of $14.25
per share and (iv)  assumption  by the  Company  of  certain  obligations  under
executory contracts with vendors and customers and certain warranty  obligations
and other  current  liabilities  of the  Interdiction  Business.  The Company is
utilizing the SMI Interdiction product line acquired from Scientific,  which has
been engineered  primarily to serve the franchise cable market,  as a supplement
to the  Company's  VideoMask(TM)  Interdiction  products,  which  are  primarily
focused on the private cable market.

          During June, 2002, the Company formed a venture with Priority Systems,
LLC and  Paradigm  Capital  Investments,  LLC for the purpose of  acquiring  the
rights-of-entry for certain multiple dwelling unit cable television systems (the
"SYSTEMS")  owned by  affiliates  of Verizon  Communications,  Inc.  The venture
entity, BDR Broadband, 80% of the outstanding capital stock of which is owned by
the Company,  acquired the Systems,  which are comprised of approximately  3,270
existing MDU cable television  subscribers and approximately 7,340 passings. BDR
Broadband paid approximately  $1,880,000 for the Systems, subject to adjustment,
which  constitutes a purchase  price of $575 per  subscriber.  The final closing
date for the  transaction was on October 1, 2002. The Systems are expected to be
cash flow  positive  beginning in the first year. It is planned that the Systems
will be  upgraded  with  approximately  $1,300,000  of  interdiction  and  other
products of the Company over the course of operation.

          In  consideration  for its  majority  interest in BDR  Broadband,  the
Company advanced to BDR Broadband  $250,000,  which was paid to the sellers as a
down payment against the final purchase price for the Systems.  The Company also
agreed to guaranty  payment of the aggregate  purchase  price for the Systems by
BDR Broadband.  The approximately  $1,630,000  balance of the purchase price was
paid by the Company on behalf of BDR  Broadband on November 30, 2002 pursuant to
the terms and in satisfaction of certain  promissory  notes (the "SELLER NOTES")
executed by BDR Broadband in favor of the sellers.

                                       14
<PAGE>

          The Company  believes that similar  opportunities  currently  exist to
acquire additional  rights-of-entry  for multiple dwelling unit cable television
systems at historically low prices.  The Company also believes that the model it
devised for acquiring  and  operating the Systems will be successful  and can be
replicated  for  other  transactions  with  the  same or new  venture  partners.
Accordingly,   the  Company  is   currently   seeking  and   assessing   various
opportunities to acquire  additional  rights-of-entry  via venture  arrangements
with third parties that would market and operate the systems. As of date hereof,
however, the Company does not have any binding commitments or agreements for any
such acquisitions. Moreover, even if attractive opportunities arise, the Company
may need financing to acquire the rights-of-entry for such cable systems.  Given
that  financing may not be available on acceptable  terms or at all, the Company
may be unable to pursue these opportunities.

          In March,  2003,  the  Company  entered  into a series of  agreements,
pursuant  to which the  Company  acquired  a 20%  minority  interest  in NetLinc
Communications,  LLC ("NETLINC")  and a 35% minority  interest in Blonder Tongue
Telephone,  LLC  ("BTT")  (to which the  Company  has  licensed  its name).  The
aggregate purchase price consists of (i) up to $3,500,000 payable over a minimum
of two years,  plus (ii) 500,000  shares of the Company's  common stock.  Of the
$3,500,000  payable under the  agreements,  Blonder  Tongue's  obligation to pay
$2,500,000 is contingent upon BTT achieving  specified targeted monthly earnings
objectives.

          NetLinc is the owner of patents,  proprietary  technology and know-how
for certain  telephony  products that allow  Competitive Local Exchange Carriers
("CLECs")  to  competitively  provide  voice  service  to  MDUs.  Pursuant  to a
distributorship  agreement  between  NetLinc  and  BTT,  BTT has  the  exclusive
worldwide  distribution  rights,  subject  to  certain  limited  exceptions,  to
NetLinc's products.  In turn,  pursuant to a distribution  agreement between BTT
and Blonder  Tongue,  Blonder  Tongue has obtained from BTT exclusive  worldwide
distribution  rights,  subject  to  certain  limited  exceptions,  to those same
products  for sale to private and  franchise  cable  operators as well as to all
buyers  for use in MDU  applications.  See  "Business  -  Products  -  Telephony
Products" for a description of these products.  As part of the overall series of
agreements,  Blonder  Tongue  has  licensed  the right to use the name  "Blonder
Tongue" to BTT,  thereby  allowing the venture to  capitalize  upon the goodwill
that  the  Company  has  developed  over  its  50+  years  in  business.  It  is
contemplated  that BTT will partner with CLECs to offer the telephony  solution,
receiving a portion of the line charges due from the CLECs' telephone customers.
Blonder Tongue will receive  incremental  revenues and profits  associated  with
sales of the  telephony  products.  In  addition,  through its 35% stake in BTT,
Blonder Tongue will also receive a portion of the voice service  revenues earned
by BTT.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

          The  following  table sets forth,  for the fiscal  periods  indicated,
certain consolidated statement of earnings data as a percentage of net sales:

                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                        ------------------------
                                         2002     2001     2000
                                        ------   ------   ------
Net sales .........................     100.0%   100.0%   100.0%
Costs of goods sold ...............      72.8     68.9     66.9
Gross profit ......................      27.2     31.1     33.1
Selling expenses ..................       8.7      9.3      8.5
General and administrative expenses      10.6     11.6     10.9
Research and development expenses .       4.2      4.1      3.0
Earnings from operations ..........       3.7      6.1     10.7
Other (income) expense, net .......       2.3      2.5      2.8
Earnings before income taxes and
 before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle ...       1.4      3.6      7.9


2002 Compared with 2001

          Net sales. Net sales decreased  $6,676,000 or 12.5%, to $46,951,000 in
2002 from $53,627,000 in 2001. The decrease in sales is primarily  attributed to
a decrease  in capital  spending  by cable  system  operators  and weak  overall
economic conditions. The substantially higher sales recorded in the prior fiscal
year  were  primarily

                                       15
<PAGE>

attributable  to higher  interdiction  sales.  Net sales included  approximately
$3,736,000  of  interdiction   equipment  for  2002  compared  to  approximately
$7,962,000 in 2001.

          Cost of Goods Sold.  Cost of goods sold decreased to  $34,195,000  for
2002 from $36,928,000 for 2001, primarily due to decreased volume, and increased
as a percentage of sales to 72.8% in 2002 from 68.9% in 2001.  The increase as a
percentage of sales was caused primarily by a greater proportion of sales during
the period being comprised of lower margin products,  including the Motorola QAM
decoder which was introduced in the fourth quarter of 2001.

          Selling  Expenses.  Selling  expenses  decreased to $4,069,000 in 2002
from  $5,009,000 in 2001, and decreased as a percentage of sales to 8.7% in 2002
from 9.3% in 2001. The $940,000 decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease
in wages and fringe  benefits  of $369,000  related to a decrease in  headcount,
along with a decrease in advertising of $419,000 achieved through implementation
of expense control programs.

          General  and  Administrative  Expenses.   General  and  administrative
expenses  decreased to $4,991,000 in 2002 from $6,200,000 in 2001, and decreased
as a  percentage  of sales to 10.6% in 2002 from 11.6% in 2001.  The  $1,209,000
decrease is  primarily  attributable  to a $970,000  reduction  in  amortization
expense due to the adoption of FAS 142 which required the Company to discontinue
amortizing goodwill, as well as a reduction in bad debts of $180,000.

          Research and Development  Expenses.  Research and development expenses
decreased to  $1,972,000  in 2002 from  $2,200,000  in 2001,  and increased as a
percentage of sales to 4.2% in 2002 from 4.1% in 2001. The $228,000  decrease is
primarily  attributable  to a $56,000  decrease  in  licensing  fees,  a $65,000
decrease in consulting  fees, a $34,000 decrease in department  supplies,  and a
$30,000 decrease in salaries and fringe benefits due to a decrease in headcount.

          Earnings from Operations.  Earnings from operations decreased 48.4% to
$1,724,000  in 2002 from  $3,290,000  in 2001.  Earnings  from  operations  as a
percentage of sales decreased to 3.7% in 2002 from 6.1% in 2001.

          Other Income (Expense). Other income (expense) consisted of $1,074,000
of  interest  expense in 2002.  Other  income  (expense)  in 2001  consisted  of
$1,369,000 of interest  expense.  The decrease in interest  expense is primarily
attributable  to a reduction in the  Company's  long term debt and lower average
interest rates.

          Income Taxes.  The  provision  for income taxes for 2002  decreased to
$221,000 from $704,000 in 2001, as a result of a decrease in taxable income. The
effective tax rate decreased to 34% in 2002 from 36.6% in 2001 due to a writeoff
of overaccrued federal and state taxes.

          Cumulative  Effect.  During  the year ended  December  31,  2002,  the
Company  implemented  FAS 142, which resulted in the write off of $10,760,000 of
the net book value of goodwill,  offset by the future tax benefit thereof in the
amount of  $3,874,000.  The net  cumulative  effect of this change in accounting
principles was a non-recurring  $6,886,000  charge against earnings in the first
three months of 2002.

2001 Compared with 2000

          Net sales. Net sales decreased $16,569,000 or 23.6%, to $53,627,000 in
2001 from  $70,196,000 in 2000. The  substantially  higher sales recorded in the
prior  fiscal year were  primarily  attributable  to  shipments  against a large
interdiction  order  booked in the fourth  quarter of 1999.  Net sales  included
approximately   $7,962,000  of  interdiction  equipment  for  2001  compared  to
approximately $29,400,000 in 2000.

          Cost of Goods Sold.  Cost of goods sold decreased to  $36,928,000  for
2001 from $46,974,000 for 2000, primarily due to decreased volume, and increased
as a percentage of sales to 68.9% in 2001 from 66.9% in 2000.  The increase as a
percentage of sales was caused primarily by a greater proportion of sales during
the period being comprised of lower margin products,  including the Motorola QAM
decoder  which was  introduced  in the  fourth  quarter  of 2001,  as well as an
increase in obsolescence reserves.


                                       16
<PAGE>

          Selling  Expenses.  Selling  expenses  decreased to $5,009,000 in 2001
from  $5,943,000 in 2000, and increased as a percentage of sales to 9.3% in 2001
from 8.5% in 2000. The $934,000 decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease
in wages and fringe  benefits  related to the decrease in headcount along with a
decrease in commissions and freight expense as a result of reduced sales.

          General  and  Administrative  Expenses.   General  and  administrative
expenses  decreased to $6,200,000 in 2001 from $7,629,000 in 2000, and increased
as a  percentage  of sales to 11.6% in 2001 from 10.9% in 2000.  The  $1,429,000
decrease is primarily  attributable to a decrease in consulting  fees,  investor
relations fees, travel and entertainment, and bad debts.

          Research and Development  Expenses.  Research and development expenses
increased to  $2,200,000  in 2001 from  $2,125,000  in 2000,  and increased as a
percentage of sales to 4.1% in 2001 from 3.0% in 2000.  The $75,000  increase is
primarily  attributable to an increase in wages,  fringe benefits and consulting
expenses.

          Earnings from Operations.  Earnings from operations decreased 56.3% to
$3,290,000  in 2001 from  $7,525,000  in 2000.  Earnings  from  operations  as a
percentage of sales decreased to 6.1% in 2001 from 10.7% in 2000.

          Other Income (Expense). Other income (expense) consisted of $1,369,000
of  interest  expense in 2001.  Other  income  (expense)  in 2000  consisted  of
$1,948,000  of  interest  expense  offset by $10,000  of  interest  income.  The
decrease in interest  expense is  primarily  attributable  to a reduction in the
Company's long term debt and lower average interest rates.

          Income Taxes.  The  provision  for income taxes for 2001  decreased to
$704,000 from $2,011,000 in 2000, as a result of a decrease in taxable income.

INFLATION AND SEASONALITY

          Inflation  and  seasonality  have  not had a  material  impact  on the
results of operations of the Company.  Fourth  quarter sales in 2002 as compared
to other quarters were slightly  impacted by fewer  production days. The Company
expects sales each year in the fourth quarter to be impacted by fewer production
days.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

          As of December 31, 2002 and 2001,  the Company's  working  capital was
$30,317,000 and  $31,254,000,  respectively.  The decrease in working capital is
attributable  primarily  to a decrease in inventory  of  $4,956,000  offset by a
decrease in accounts payable of $5,784,000.

          The Company's net cash provided by operating  activities  for the year
ended  December 31, 2002 was  $1,257,000  primarily due to net income before the
cumulative  effect of a change in accounting  principles  and  depreciation  and
amortization.  This income  coupled with a reduction of  $3,509,000 in inventory
and $1,640,000 in accounts  receivable were used to reduce accounts  payable and
accrued  expenses  by  $6,359,000,   compared  to  cash  provided  by  operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2001 of $3,711,000.

          Cash  used  in  investing   activities  was   $2,575,000,   which  was
attributable  primarily  to  capital  expenditures  for new  computers  and test
equipment  and  the  acquisition  of  rights-of-entry  in  connection  with  BDR
Broadband.  The  Company  does not have any  present  plans or  commitments  for
material  capital  expenditures  for fiscal  year 2003,  other than  anticipated
expenditures of approximately  $1,300,000 in connection with certain upgrades of
the BDR  Broadband  Systems and the net amount of  approximately  $1,244,000  in
connection with its     investment in NetLinc/BTT.

          Cash  provided by  financing  activities  was  $634,000 for the period
ended December 31, 2002,  comprised primarily of $35,624,000 in borrowings under
its new credit agreement offset by $34,909,000 of repayments of long-term debt.


                                       17
<PAGE>

          On March 20, 2002 the Company  entered  into a credit  agreement  with
Commerce  Bank,  N.A.  for a  $19,500,000  credit  facility,  comprised of (i) a
$7,000,000  revolving line of credit under which funds may be borrowed at LIBOR,
plus a margin  ranging  from  1.75% to  2.50%,  in each  case  depending  on the
calculation of certain financial covenants, with a floor of 5% through March 19,
2003 (5% at December 31, 2002), (ii) a $9,000,000 term loan which bears interest
at a rate of 6.75% through  September 30, 2002,  and  thereafter at a fixed rate
ranging from 6.50% to 7.25% to reset  quarterly  depending on the calculation of
certain financial  covenants (6.75% at December 31, 2002) and (iii) a $3,500,000
mortgage loan bearing  interest at 7.5%.  Borrowings under the revolving line of
credit are limited to certain  percentages of eligible  accounts  receivable and
inventory,  as  defined  in  the  credit  agreement.   The  credit  facility  is
collateralized  by a  security  interest  in all of the  Company's  assets.  The
agreement  also  contains  restrictions  that  require  the  Company to maintain
certain  financial  ratios  as  well  as  restrictions  on the  payment  of cash
dividends.  The maturity  date of the line of credit with Commerce Bank is March
20, 2004.  The term loan requires equal monthly  principal  payments of $187,000
and matures on April 1, 2006. The mortgage loan requires equal monthly principal
payments of $19,000 and matures on April 1, 2017.  The mortgage loan is callable
after five years at the lender's option.

          Upon execution of the credit agreement with Commerce Bank, $14,954,000
was advanced to the  Company,  of which  $14,827,000  was used to pay all unpaid
principal and accrued interest under the Company's prior line of credit and term
loans with First Union National Bank ("First Union").

          At December  31,  2002,  there was  $5,650,000  outstanding  under the
revolving  line of credit.  At December 31, 2002, the Company was unable to meet
one of its  financial  covenants  under  its  credit  agreement  with its  bank,
compliance with which was waived by such bank as of December 31, 2002.

          The average amount outstanding on the Company's lines of credit during
2002 was  $3,208,000 at a weighted  average  interest rate of 5.0%.  The maximum
amount outstanding on the line of credit during 2002 was $5,650,000.

          Annual maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2001 are:

                            2003 .........   $ 2,632,000
                            2004 .........     8,291,000
                            2005 .........     2,649,000
                            2006 .........       947,000
                            2007 .........       233,000
                            Thereafter....     2,158,000
                                             -----------
                                             $16,910,000
                                             ===========


          The  Company has the  ability to borrow  $1,350,000  under its line of
credit,  however only $650,000 was available at December 31, 2002,  based on the
Company's current collateral. This commitment expires on March 20, 2004.

          The Company leases  certain  factory and  automotive  equipment  under
noncancellable  operating  leases and equipment under capital leases expiring at
various dates through December, 2006.

          Future minimum rental payments, required for all noncancellable leases
are as follows:

                                                          Capital      Operating
                                                         --------      ---------
2003 .............................................       $194,000       $158,000
2004 .............................................        191,000         75,000
2005 .............................................        186,000         20,000
2006 .............................................        157,000             --
2007 .............................................             --             --
Thereafter .......................................             --             --
                                                         --------       --------
Total future minimum lease payments ..............        728,000        253,000
                                                                        ========
Less:  amounts representing interest .............        106,000
                                                        ---------
Present value of minimum lease payments...........       $622,000
                                                        =========

                                       18
<PAGE>

          The Company paid approximately $1,880,000 in connection with acquiring
its majority  interest in BDR  Broadband and paying off the Seller Notes for BDR
Broadband.  In  addition,  the  Company  will incur  additional  obligations  in
connection with its investments in NetLinc and BTT. While the Company's existing
lender  agreed to allow the Company to fund both the BDR  Broadband  obligations
and the  NetLinc/BTT  obligations,  such  lender did not agree to  increase  the
Company's  line of credit.  This has and may  hereafter  decrease  the amount of
funds  otherwise   available  to  the  Company  for  working  capital  purposes.
Accordingly,  if alternative  financing is not obtained for BDR Broadband and/or
NetLinc/BTT,  the Company may eventually  need to seek to increase the amount of
its line of credit or find an alternative financing source.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The Company  prepares its  financial  statements  in  accordance  with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the  United  States.  Preparing
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported
amounts  of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets and
liabilities as of the date of the financial  statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  The following  paragraphs
include a discussion of some critical  areas where  estimates are required.  You
should also review Note 1 to the financial  statements for further discussion of
significant accounting policies.

Revenue Recognition

          The Company records revenue when products are shipped. Legal title and
risk of loss with  respect to the  products  pass to  customers  at the point of
shipment. Customers do not have a right to return products shipped.

Inventory and Obsolescence

          Inventory  is  valued  at the  lower of cost or  market.  The  Company
continually  ensures that slow-moving and obsolete  inventory is written down to
its net realizable  value by reviewing  current  quantities on hand,  actual and
projected sales volumes and anticipated  selling prices on products.  Generally,
the Company does not experience issues with obsolete inventory due to the nature
of its products being interchangeable  within various product offerings.  If the
Company were not able to achieve its expectations of the net realizable value of
the  inventory  at its  current  value,  the  Company  would  have to adjust its
reserves accordingly.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

          Management periodically performs a detailed review of amounts due from
customers  to determine if accounts  receivable  balances are impaired  based on
factors affecting the collectibility of those balances.  Management's  estimates
of  the  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  requires   management  to  exercise
significant  judgment  about the timing,  frequency  and severity of  collection
losses, which affects the allowances and net income.

Long-Lived Assets

          On a  periodic  basis,  management  assesses  whether  there  are  any
indicators that the value of the Company's long-lived assets may be impaired. An
asset's  value may be impaired  only if  management's  estimate of the aggregate
future cash flows,  on an  undiscounted  basis, to be generated by the asset are
less than the carrying value of the asset.

          If impairment  has occurred,  the loss shall be measured as the excess
of the carrying amount of the asset over the fair value of the long-lived asset.
The Company's  estimates of aggregate future cash flows expected to be generated
by each long-lived  asset are based on a number of assumptions  that are subject
to economic and market uncertainties.  As these factors are difficult to predict
and are subject to future events that may alter  management's  assumptions,  the
future cash flows estimated by management in their  impairment  analyses may not
be achieved.

                                       19
<PAGE>

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

          In July 2002,  the FASB  issued  FAS No.  146,  "Accounting  for Costs
Associated  with Exit or Disposal  Activities"  ("FAS 146").  FAS 146 applies to
costs  associated  with an exit  activity  (including  restructuring)  or with a
disposal of long-lived  assets.  Those  activities  can include  eliminating  or
reducing  product lines,  terminating  employees and  contracts,  and relocating
plant facilities or personnel.  Under FAS 146, a company will record a liability
for a cost associated  with an exit or disposal  activity when that liability is
incurred  and can be measured at fair value.  FAS 146 will  require a company to
disclose information about its exit and disposal activities,  the related costs,
and  changes in those  costs in the notes to the  interim  and annual  financial
statements that include the period in which an exit activity is initiated and in
any  subsequent  period  until the activity is  completed.  FAS 146 is effective
prospectively for exit or disposal activities initiated after December 31, 2002,
with earlier adoption  encouraged.  Under FAS 146, a company may not restate its
previously  issued financial  statements and FAS 146 grandfathers the accounting
for  liabilities  that a company had previously  recorded under Emerging  Issues
Task Force Issue 94-3.  The adoption of FAS 146 will not have a material  impact
on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

ADDITIONAL FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS AND MARKET PRICE OF STOCK

          Blonder Tongue's business  operates in a rapidly changing  environment
that involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond the Company's control.
The following discussion  highlights some of these risks which are not otherwise
addressed  elsewhere in this Annual  Report.  There can be no assurance that the
Company  will  anticipate  the  evolution  of industry  standards in CATV or the
communications industry generally,  changes in the market and customer needs, or
that  technologies  and  applications  under  development by the Company will be
successfully developed,  or if they are successfully  developed,  that they will
achieve market acceptance.  The competition to attract and retain highly-skilled
engineering,  manufacturing,  marketing  and  managerial  personnel  is intense.
Capital spending by cable operators for constructing, rebuilding, maintaining or
upgrading  their systems (upon which the Company's sales and  profitability  are
dependent) is dependent on a variety of factors,  including access to financing,
demand for their cable  services,  availability  of  alternative  video delivery
technologies,  and general economic conditions. Factors such as announcements of
technological  innovations  or new products by the Company,  its  competitors or
third  parties,  quarterly  variations  in the Company's  actual or  anticipated
results of operations,  market  conditions  for emerging  growth stocks or cable
industry  stocks in  general,  or the  failure of  revenues  or  earnings in any
quarter to meet the investment  community's  expectations,  may cause the market
price of the Company's Common Stock to fluctuate significantly.  The stock price
may also be  affected  by  broader  market  trends  unrelated  to the  Company's
performance.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

          The market risk inherent in the Company's  financial  instruments  and
positions represents the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest
rates.  At December  31,  2002 and 2001 the  principal  amount of the  Company's
aggregate outstanding variable rate indebtedness was $5,650,000 and $15,308,000,
respectively.  A  hypothetical  100 basis point adverse change in interest rates
would have had an annualized  unfavorable  impact of  approximately  $57,000 and
$153,000,  respectively,  on the  Company's  earnings  and cash flows based upon
these  year-end debt levels.  At December 31, 2002, the Company did not have any
derivative financial instruments.

ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

          Incorporated by reference from the consolidated  financial  statements
and notes thereto of the Company which are attached hereto beginning on page 26.

ITEM 9.   CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

          Not applicable.

                                       20
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

          The information about the Company's  directors and executive  officers
is  incorporated by reference from the discussion  under the heading  "Directors
and  Executive  Officers" in the Company's  proxy  statement for its 2003 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders.  Information about compliance with Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by reference from the discussion
under the heading "Section 16(a) Beneficial  Ownership Reporting  Compliance" in
the Company's proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

          Information about director and executive  compensation is incorporated
by reference from the discussion under the headings  "Directors'  Compensation,"
"Executive   Compensation,"  "Report  of  Compensation  Committee  on  Executive
Compensation  Policies" and  "Comparative  Stock  Performance"  in the Company's
proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND
          RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

          Information about security  ownership of certain beneficial owners and
management is  incorporated  by reference from the discussion  under the heading
"Security  Ownership  of  Certain  Beneficial  Owners  and  Management"  in  the
Company's  proxy  statement  for  its  2003  Annual  Meeting  of   Stockholders.
Information  about the Company's  equity  compensation  plans is incorporated by
reference from the discussion under the heading "Equity  Compensation  Plans" in
the Company's proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

          Information about certain  relationships and transactions with related
parties is  incorporated  by  reference  from the  discussion  under the heading
"Certain   Relationships  and  Related  Transactions"  in  the  Company's  proxy
statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 14.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

          Within 90 days prior to the date of this report,  the Company  carried
out an  evaluation,  under the  supervision  and with the  participation  of its
principal   executive   officer  and  principal   financial   officer,   of  the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's  disclosure  controls
and procedures.  Based on this  evaluation,  the Company's  principal  executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company's  disclosure
controls  and  procedures  are  effective  in timely  alerting  them to material
information  required to be included in the Company's  periodic SEC reports.  It
should be noted that the design of any system of  controls is based in part upon
certain  assumptions about the likelihood of future events,  and there can be no
assurance  that any design will succeed in achieving  its stated goals under all
potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.

          In addition,  the Company  reviewed its internal  controls,  and there
have been no significant  changes in the Company's internal controls or in other
factors that could significantly affect those controls subsequent to the date of
their last evaluation.

                                       21
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)(1)    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

          Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants................. 27

          Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2002 and 2001....... 28

          Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
          December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000................................... 29

          Consolidated  Statements of  Stockholders' Equity for the
          Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000....................... 30


          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
          December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000................................... 31

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements......................... 32

(a)(2)    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

          Included in Part IV of this report:

          Schedule II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

          All other  schedules  for which  provision  is made in the  applicable
accounting  regulations  of the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  are  not
required under the applicable  instructions  or are  inapplicable  and therefore
have been omitted.

(a)(3)    EXHIBITS

          The exhibits are listed in the Index to Exhibits  appearing  below and
are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed
with the Commission.

(b)       No reports on Form 8-K were filed in the quarter  ended  December  31,
          2002.

(c)       Exhibits:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  Exhibit #    Description                              Location
  ---------    -----------                              --------
     <S>      <C>                                       <C>
     3.1       Restated       Certificate       of      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               Incorporation   of  Blonder  Tongue      Exhibit  3.1  to  Registrant's  S-1
               Laboratories, Inc.                       Registration      Statement     No.
                                                        33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
                                                        as amended.

     3.2       Restated  Bylaws of Blonder  Tongue      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               Laboratories, Inc.                       Exhibit  3.2  to  Registrant's  S-1
                                                        Registration      Statement     No.
                                                        33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
                                                        as amended.

     4.1       Specimen of stock certificate.           Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit  4.1  to  Registrant's  S-1
                                                        Registration      Statement     No.
                                                        33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
                                                        as amended.

                                       22
<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
  Exhibit #    Description                              Location
  ---------    -----------                              --------
     <S>      <C>                                       <C>
     10.1      Consulting Agreement, dated January      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               1,  1995,  between  Blonder  Tongue      Exhibit  10.3 to  Registrant's  S-1
               Laboratories,  Inc.  and  James  H.      Registration      Statement     No.
               Williams.                                33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
                                                        as amended.

     10.2      1994 Incentive Stock Option Plan.        Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit  10.5  to Registrant's  S-1
                                                        Registration      Statement     No.
                                                        33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
                                                        as amended.

     10.3      1995 Long Term Incentive Plan.           Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit 10.6  to  Registrant's  S-1
                                                        Registration      Statement     No.
                                                        33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
                                                        as amended.

     10.4      First Amendment to the 1995 Plan.        Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit   10.5(a)  to  Registrant's
                                                        Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
                                                        the period ended March 31, 1997.

     10.5      Second Amendment to the 1995 Plan.       Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit  4.3  to  S-8  Registration
                                                        Statement No. 333-52519  originally
                                                        filed on May 13, 1998.

     10.6      Third Amendment to the 1995 Plan.        Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit  4.4  to  S-8  Registration
                                                        Statement No. 333-37670, originally
                                                        filed May 23, 2000.

     10.7      Fourth Amendment to the 1995 Plan.       Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit  4.5  to  S-8  Registration
                                                        Statement No. 33-96993,  originally
                                                        filed July 24, 2002.

     10.8      Amended and Restated  1996 Director      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               Option Plan.                             Appendix  B to  Registrant's  Proxy
                                                        Statement   for  its  1998   Annual
                                                        Meeting  of   Stockholders,   filed
                                                        March 27, 1998.

     10.9      Form of  Indemnification  Agreement      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               entered  into  by  Blonder   Tongue      Exhibit 10.10 to  Registrant's  S-1
               Laboratories, Inc. in favor of each      Registration      Statement     No.
               of its Directors and Officers.           33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
                                                        as amended.

    10.10      VideoCipher(R)    IICM   Commercial      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               Descrambler  Module Master Purchase      Exhibit 10.11 to  Registrant's  S-1
               and License Agreement, dated August      Registration      Statement     No.
               23, 1990,  between  Blonder  Tongue      33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
               Laboratories,  Inc. and  Cable/Home      as amended.
               Communication Corp.

    +10.11     Patent  License  Agreement,   dated      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               August 21,  1995,  between  Blonder      Exhibit 10.12 to  Registrant's  S-1
               Tongue   Laboratories,   Inc.   and      Registration      Statement     No.
               Philips  Electronics  North America      33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
               Corporation.                             as amended.

    +10.12     Interdiction   Technology   License      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               Agreement,  dated  August 21, 1995,      Exhibit 10.13 to  Registrant's  S-1
               between        Blonder       Tongue      Registration      Statement     No.
               Laboratories,   Inc.   and  Philips      33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
               Broadband Networks, Inc.                 as amended.

    10.13      Bargaining Unit Pension Plan.            Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit 10.22 to  Registrant's  S-1
                                                        Registration      Statement     No.
                                                        33-98070,  filed  October 12, 1995,
                                                        as amended.

                                       23
<PAGE>
<CAPTION>
  Exhibit #    Description                              Location
  ---------    -----------                              --------
     <S>      <C>                                       <C>

    10.14      Executive Officer Bonus Plan.            Incorporated   by  reference   from
                                                        Exhibit   10.3   to    Registrant's
                                                        Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
                                                        the period  ended  March 31,  1997,
                                                        filed May 13, 1997.

    10.15      Second  Amendment to Consulting and      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               Non-Competition  Agreement  between      Exhibit   10.1   to    Registrant's
               Registrant  and James H.  Williams,      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               dated as of June 30, 2000.               the  period  ended  June 30,  2000,
                                                        filed August 14, 2000.

    10.16      Loan and Security  Agreement  dated      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               March  20,  2002  between   Blonder      Exhibit   10.1   to    Registrant's
               Tongue   Laboratories,   Inc.   and      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               Commerce Bank, N.A.                      the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
                                                        filed May 15, 2002.

    10.17      Revolving  Credit  Note dated March      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               20,   2002   by   Blonder    Tongue      Exhibit   10.2   to    Registrant's
               Laboratories,   Inc.  in  favor  of      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               Commerce Bank, N.A.                      the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
                                                        filed May 15, 2002.

    10.18      Term  Loan A Note  dated  March 20,      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               2002     by     Blonder      Tongue      Exhibit   10.3   to    Registrant's
               Laboratories,   Inc.  in  favor  of      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               Commerce Bank, N.A.                      the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
                                                        filed May 15, 2002.

    10.19      Term  Loan B Note  dated  March 20,      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               2002     by     Blonder      Tongue      Exhibit   10.4   to    Registrant's
               Laboratories,   Inc.  in  favor  of      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               Commerce Bank, N.A.                      the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
                                                        filed May 15, 2002.

    10.20      Mortgage,  Security  Agreement  and      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               Fixture   Filing  dated  March  20,      Exhibit   10.5   to    Registrant's
               2002,    between   Blonder   Tongue      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               Laboratories,   Inc.  and  Commerce      the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
               Bank, N.A.                               filed May 15, 2002.


    10.21      Assignment of Rents and Leases made      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               by  Blonder  Tongue   Laboratories,      Exhibit   10.6   to    Registrant's
               Inc.  in  favor of  Commerce  Bank,      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               N.A.                                     the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
                                                        filed May 15, 2002.

    10.22      Patent  Security   Agreement  dated      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               March 20,  2002 by  Blonder  Tongue      Exhibit   10.7   to    Registrant's
               Laboratories,   Inc.  in  favor  of      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               Commerce Bank, N.A.                      the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
                                                        filed May 15, 2002.

    10.23      Trademark  Security Agreement dated      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               March 20,  2002 by  Blonder  Tongue      Exhibit   10.8   to    Registrant's
               Laboratories,   Inc.  in  favor  of      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               Commerce Bank, N.A.                      the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
                                                        filed May 15, 2002.

    10.24      Surety  Agreement  dated  March 20,      Incorporated   by  reference   from
               2002 by Blonder  Tongue  Investment      Exhibit   10.9   to    Registrant's
               Company in favor of Commerce  Bank,      Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for
               N.A.                                     the period  ending  March 31, 2002,
                                                        filed May 15, 2002.

      21       Subsidiaries   of  Blonder   Tongue      Filed herewith.
               Laboratories, Inc.

      23       Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP.             Filed herewith.

     99.1      Certification  pursuant  to Section      Filed herewith.
               906  of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
               2002.
</TABLE>

------

       + Certain portions of exhibit have been afforded confidential treatment
         by the Securities and Exchange Commission.



                                       24
<PAGE>

(d)       FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES:

          Report of BDO Seidman, LLP on financial statement schedule is included
on page 46 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

          The following  financial  statement schedule is included on page 47 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

          Schedule II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

          All other  schedules  for which  provision  is made in the  applicable
accounting  regulations  of the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  are  not
required under the applicable  instructions  or are  inapplicable  and therefore
have been omitted.

                                       25
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants........................... 27
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2002 and 2001................. 28
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2002,
2001 and 2000................................................................ 29
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000............................................. 30
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000.......................................................... 31
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements................................... 32


                                       26
<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
               --------------------------------------------------


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.:
Old Bridge, New Jersey

We have audited the accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets of Blonder Tongue
Laboratories,  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 and the
related  consolidated  statements of operations,  stockholders'  equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2002.  These
financial  statements are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2002 in conformity with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

As  explained  in Note 1 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  effective
January 1, 2002, Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc., and subsidiaries adopted the
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, "Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets."



BDO Seidman, LLP
Woodbridge, New Jersey

March 5, 2003, with the exception of Notes 4 and 15
for which the date is March 28, 2003


                                       27
<PAGE>


               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                December 31,
                                                                             --------------------
                                                                               2002        2001
                                                                             --------    --------
              ASSETS (NOTE 4)
Current assets:
<S>                                                                          <C>         <C>
     Cash ................................................................   $    258    $    942
     Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
     accounts of $715 and $1,833 respectively (Note 8) ...................      6,713       8,564
     Inventories, net (Note 2) ...........................................     24,760      30,216
     Notes receivable (Note 14) ..........................................        459          --
     Income tax receivable ...............................................        170          --
     Other current assets ................................................        556         932
     Deferred income taxes (Note 12) .....................................      1,858       1,746
                                                                             --------    --------
         Total current assets ............................................     34,774      42,400
Notes receivable (Note 14) ...............................................      1,019          --
Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated
    depreciation and amortization (Notes 3 and 5) ........................      6,831       7,137
Patents, net .............................................................      3,120       3,454
Rights-of-Entry, net (Note 13) ...........................................      1,396          --
Goodwill, net ............................................................         --      10,760
Other assets, net ........................................................        951         585
Deferred income taxes (Note 12) ..........................................      3,911          50
                                                                             --------    --------
                                                                             $ 52,002    $ 64,386
                                                                             ========    ========
              LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
     Current portion of long-term debt (Note 4) ..........................   $  2,632    $  2,917
     Accounts payable ....................................................        888       6,672
     Accrued compensation ................................................        514         867
     Accrued benefit liability ...........................................        196         270
     Other accrued expenses ..............................................        227         218
     Income taxes ........................................................         --         202
                                                                             --------    --------
         Total current liabilities .......................................      4,457      11,146
                                                                             --------    --------
Long-term debt (Note 4) ..................................................     14,278      13,278
Commitments and contingencies (Notes 5, 6 and 7) .........................         --          --
Stockholders' equity (Notes 6, 9 and 11):
     Preferred stock, $.001 par value; authorized 5,000 shares;
     no shares outstanding ...............................................         --          --
     Common stock, $.001 par value; authorized 25,000 shares, 8,445 shares
     Issued ..............................................................          8           8
     Paid-in capital .....................................................     24,145      24,143
     Retained earnings ...................................................     15,991      22,448
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss ................................       (508)       (351)
     Treasury stock, at cost, 879 shares and 831 shares, respectively ....     (6,369)     (6,286)
                                                                             --------    --------
         Total stockholders' equity ......................................     33,267      39,962
                                                                             --------    --------
                                                                             $ 52,002    $ 64,386
                                                                             ========    ========

</TABLE>
           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements



                                       28
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                    --------------------------------
                                                                      2002       2001       2000
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>
Net sales (Note 8) ..............................................   $ 46,951    $ 53,627    $ 70,196
Cost of goods sold ..............................................     34,195      36,928      46,974
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
    Gross profit ................................................     12,756      16,699      23,222
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Operating expenses:
    Selling expenses ............................................      4,069       5,009       5,943
    General and administrative (Notes 5, 6 and 7) ...............      4,991       6,200       7,629
    Research and development ....................................      1,972       2,200       2,125
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
                                                                      11,032      13,409      15,697
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Earnings from operations ........................................      1,724       3,290       7,525
                                                                    --------    --------    --------

Other income (expense):
    Interest expense ............................................     (1,074)     (1,369)     (1,948)
    Other income ................................................         --          --          10
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
                                                                      (1,074)     (1,369)     (1,938)
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Earnings before income taxes ....................................        650       1,921       5,587
Provision for income taxes (Note 12) ............................        221         704       2,011
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Earnings before cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle, net of tax .......................................        429       1,217       3,576
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle, net of tax (Note 1) ...............................     (6,886)         --          --
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Net (loss) earnings .............................................   $ (6,457)   $  1,217    $  3,576
                                                                    ========    ========    ========
Basic earnings per share before
   cumulative effect ............................................   $   0.06    $   0.16    $   0.47
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle, net of tax ........................................      (0.90)         --          --
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Basic earnings (loss) per share .................................   ($  0.84)   $   0.16    $   0.47
                                                                    ========    ========    ========
Basic weighted average shares outstanding .......................      7,604       7,613       7,620
                                                                    ========    ========    ========
Diluted earnings per share before
   cumulative effect ............................................   $   0.06    $   0.16    $   0.47
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle, net of tax ........................................      (0.90)         --          --
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Diluted earnings (loss) per share ...............................   $  (0.84)   $   0.16    $   0.47
                                                                    ========    ========    ========
Diluted weighted average shares outstanding .....................      7,604       7,637       7,632
                                                                    ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       29
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Common Stock                        Accumulated
                                        --------------------                           Other
                                                                Paid-in   Retained Comprehensive   Treasury
                                         Shares      Amount     Capital   Earnings     Loss        Stock        Total
                                        --------    --------   --------   --------    --------    --------    --------
<S>                                        <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance at January 1, 2000...........      8,392    $      8   $ 23,870   $ 17,655    $     --    $ (6,286)   $ 35,247
    Proceeds from exercise of stock
    options .........................         52          --        273         --          --          --         273
    Net earnings ....................         --          --         --      3,576          --          --       3,576
                                        --------    --------   --------   --------    --------    --------    --------
Balance at December 31, 2000.........      8,444           8     24,143     21,231          --      (6,286)     39,096
    Net earnings.....................         --          --         --      1,217          --          --       1,217
    Unrecognized pension expense, net
    of tax (Note 6)..................         --          --         --         --        (351)         --        (351)
                                                                                                              --------
    Comprehensive income.............                                                                              866
                                        --------    --------   --------   --------    --------    --------    --------
Balance at December 31, 2001.........      8,444           8     24,143     22,448        (351)     (6,286)     39,962
    Net loss.........................         --          --         --     (6,457)         --          --      (6,457)
    Unrecognized pension expense, net
    of tax (Note 6)..................         --          --         --         --        (157)         --        (157)
                                        --------    --------   --------   --------    --------    --------    --------
    Comprehensive loss...............                                                                           (6,614)
    Proceeds from exercise of stock
    options..........................          1          --          2         --          --          --           2
    Acquisition of treasury stock....         --          --         --         --          --         (83)        (83)
                                        --------    --------   --------   --------    --------    --------    --------
Balance at December 31, 2002 ........      8,445    $      8   $ 24,145   $ 15,991    $   (508)   $ (6,369)   $ 33,267
                                        ========    ========   ========   ========    ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       30
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                    --------------------------------
                                                                      2002        2001        2000
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
     Net earnings (loss) ........................................   $ (6,457)   $  1,217    $  3,576
     Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash
     provided by operating activities:
         Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ....      6,886          --          --
         Depreciation ...........................................      1,269       1,310       1,464
         Amortization ...........................................        550       1,502       1,537
         Provision for inventory reserves .......................        500         540         211
         Provision for doubtful accounts ........................        180         307         741
         Deferred income taxes ..................................        308           4        (570)
         Changes in operating assets and liabilities,
          net of acquisition:
           Accounts receivable ..................................      1,640      (1,746)      2,103
           Inventories ..........................................      3,509      (4,423)        249
           Other current assets .................................        376       2,054      (1,257)
           Other assets .........................................       (366)         43          --
           Income taxes .........................................       (779)       (266)        154
           Accounts payable and accrued expenses ................     (6,359)      3,169      (1,952)
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
              Net cash provided by operating activities .........      1,257       3,711       6,256
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
     Capital expenditures .......................................       (695)       (803)       (368)
     Acquisition of licenses ....................................         --          --        (501)
     Acquisition of BDR Broadband assets ........................     (1,880)         --          --
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
              Net cash used in investing activities .............     (2,575)       (803)       (869)
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
     Net borrowings (repayments) under revolving line of credit .         --       2,117        (922)
     Repayments of long-term debt ...............................    (34,909)     (4,356)     (4,423)
     Borrowings of long-term debt ...............................     35,624          --          --
     Deferred financing costs ...................................         --         (90)         --
     Proceeds from exercise of stock options ....................          2          --         273
     Acquisition of treasury stock ..............................        (83)         --          --
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
              Net cash provided by (used in) financing
                activities ......................................        634      (2,329)     (5,072)
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash .................................       (684)        579         315
Cash, beginning of year .........................................        942         363          48
                                                                    --------    --------    --------
Cash, end of year ...............................................   $    258    $    942    $    363
                                                                    ========    ========    ========
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
     Cash paid for interest .....................................   $  1,138    $  1,447    $  1,955
     Cash paid for income taxes .................................        537         966       2,070
                                                                    ========    ========    ========
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
     Inventory sold for notes receivable ........................   $  1,447    $     --    $     --

</TABLE>
           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                       31
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

(a)       Company and Basis of Presentation

          Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc.  (the  "COMPANY")  is a designer,
manufacturer  and supplier of  electronics  and systems  equipment for the cable
television  industry,  primarily  throughout the United States. The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Blonder Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc.
and  subsidiaries  as discussed  below.  Significant  intercompany  accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

(b)       Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful accounts

          Accounts  receivable are customer  obligations  due under normal trade
terms.  The Company  sells its products  primarily to  distributors  and private
label  operators.  The Company  performs  continuing  credit  evaluations of its
customers'  financial  condition  and  although the Company  generally  does not
require  collateral,  letters of credit may be required  from its  customers  in
certain circumstances.

          Senior  management  reviews accounts  receivable on a monthly basis to
determine if any  receivables  will  potentially be  uncollectible.  The Company
includes  any  accounts   receivable   balances   that  are   determined  to  be
uncollectible,  along  with a general  reserve,  in its  overall  allowance  for
doubtful  accounts.  After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the
receivable  is written  off  against  the  allowance.  Based on the  information
available,  the Company  believes  its  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts as of
December  31, 2002 is  adequate.  However,  actual  write-offs  might exceed the
recorded allowance.

(c)       Inventories

          Inventories  are  stated  at the  lower  of  cost,  determined  by the
first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method, or market.

          Inventory  is  valued  at the  lower of cost or  market.  The  Company
continually  ensures that slow-moving and obsolete  inventory is written down to
its net realizable  value by reviewing  current  quantities on hand,  actual and
projected sales volumes and anticipated  selling prices on products.  Generally,
the Company does not experience issues with obsolete inventory due to the nature
of its products being interchangeable  within various product offerings.  If the
Company were not able to achieve its expectations of the net realizable value of
the  inventory  at its  current  value,  the  Company  would  have to adjust its
reserves accordingly.

(d)       Property, Plant and Equipment

          Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. The Company provides
for  depreciation  generally on the  straight-line  method based upon  estimated
useful lives of 3 to 5 years for office  equipment,  5 to 7 years for  furniture
and  fixtures,  6 to 10 years for machinery  and  equipment,  10 to 15 years for
building  improvements  and 40 years for the  manufacturing  and  administrative
office facility.

(e)       Income Taxes

          The  Company  accounts  for  income  taxes  under  the  provisions  of
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 109,  "Accounting  for Income
Taxes."  Deferred  income taxes are provided for  temporary  differences  in the
recognition  of certain  income and expenses  for  financial  and tax  reporting
purposes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

(f)       Intangible Assets

          Intangible  assets, net totaling $4,516 and $14,214 as of December 31,
2002 and 2001,  respectively,  consist  of  goodwill,  prepaid  licensing  fees,
acquired  patent  rights,  and  rights-of-entry,  and are  carried  at cost less
accumulated  amortization.  Amortization is computed utilizing the straight-line
method over the estimated  useful life

                                       32
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

of the respective asset, 12 years for patents, 5 years for rights-of-entry, 3 to
15 years for licensing fees, and 15 years for goodwill. Accumulated amortization
was $2,553 and $6,628 for 2002 and 2001, respectively.

          In July 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
FAS No. 141,  "Business  Combinations"  ("FAS 141") and No. 142,  "Goodwill  and
Other  Intangible  Assets" ("FAS 142"). FAS 141 requires the use of the purchase
method of accounting and prohibits the use of the pooling-of-interests method of
accounting  for business  combinations  initiated  after June 30, 2001.  FAS 142
addresses  financial  accounting  and reporting for acquired  goodwill and other
intangible  assets.  FAS 142  requires,  among other things,  that  companies no
longer  amortize  goodwill,  but instead test  goodwill for  impairment at least
annually.  FAS 141 and FAS 142 were  adopted by the  Company on January 1, 2002.
The adoption of this  pronouncement  resulted in the Company recording a $6,886,
non-cash charge, net of tax, to reduce the carrying value of its goodwill.  Such
charge is reflected as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting  principle.
The  Company's  previous  business  combinations  were  accounted  for using the
purchase method.

          If FAS 142 had been in effect in 2001 and 2000, the Company's earnings
would have been improved because of reduced amortization, as described below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               2001                       Net Earnings  Basic Earnings Per Share  Diluted Earnings Per Share
               ----                       ------------  ------------------------  --------------------------
<S>                                           <C>                 <C>                   <C>
Reported Net Earnings ..................      $1,217              $   0.16              $   0.16
Add Amortization, Net of Tax ...........         621                  0.08                  0.08
                                              ------              --------              --------
Adjusted Net Earnings ..................      $1,838              $   0.24              $   0.24
                                              ======              ========              ========

               2000
               ----

Reported Net Earnings ..................      $3,576              $   0.47              $   0.47
Add Amortization, Net of Tax ...........         644                  0.08                  0.08
                                              ------              --------              --------
Adjusted Net Earnings ..................      $4,220              $   0.55              $   0.55
                                              ======              ========              ========
</TABLE>

The Company  continues to amortize its patents,  rights-of-entry  and  licensing
fees over their  estimated  useful  lives with no  significant  residual  value.
Amortization  expense for intangible  assets excluding  goodwill was $550, $532,
and $530 for the year ending  December 31, 2002,  2001,  and 2000  respectively.
Intangibles  amortization is projected to be approximately $600 per year for the
next five years.

(g)       Long-Lived Assets

          The Company follows  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No.
144, "Accounting  for the  Impairment  or Disposal of  Long-Lived  Assets" ("FAS
144").  FAS 144  standardized  the accounting  practices for the recognition and
measurement  of  impairment  losses  on  certain   long-lived  assets  based  on
non-discounted  cash flows.  No  impairment  losses have been  recorded  through
December 31, 2002.

(h)       Statements of Cash Flows

          For purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows, the Company
considers all highly liquid debt  instruments with a maturity of less than three
months at  purchase  to be cash  equivalents.  The Company did not have any cash
equivalents at December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

(i)       Research and Development

          Research and development  expenditures for the Company's  projects are
expensed as incurred.

                                       33
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

(j)       Revenue Recognition

          The Company records  revenues when products are shipped.  Customers do
not have a right to return products shipped.

(k)       Earnings Per Share

          Earnings per share are  calculated in accordance  with FAS 128,  which
provides for the calculation of "basic" and "diluted"  earnings per share. Basic
earnings per share includes no dilution and is computed by dividing net earnings
by the weighted  average  number of common  shares  outstanding  for the period.
Diluted  earnings  per share  reflect,  in periods in which they have a dilutive
effect, the effect of common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options.

(l)       Treasury Stock

          Treasury  Stock is recorded at cost.  Gains and losses on  disposition
are recorded as increases or decreases to additional paid-in capital with losses
in excess of previously recorded gains charged directly to retained earnings.

(m)       Derivative Financial Instruments

          The  Company  utilizes  interest  rate swaps to manage  interest  rate
exposures.  The Company specifically designates interest rate swaps as hedges of
debt  instruments  and  recognizes  interest  differentials  as  adjustments  to
interest  expense in the period they occur.  The Company  does not hold or issue
financial  instruments  for  trading  purposes.  The  Company  does not hold any
derivative financial instruments at December 31, 2002.

(n)       Significant Risks and Uncertainties

          The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity with generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that  affect the  reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and
disclosure of  contingent  assets and  liabilities  at the date of the financial
statements  and the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

          Approximately  47% of the  Company's  employees are covered by a three
year collective bargaining agreement, which expires in February 2005.

          The  Company   estimates   that   headend   products   accounted   for
approximately  66% of the  Company's  revenues  in 2002,  58% in 2001 and 40% in
2000.  Any  substantial  decrease  in sales of  headend  products  could  have a
material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  results  of  operations,  financial
condition, and cash flows.

          On an as-needed  basis,  the Company  purchases  several products from
sole  suppliers for which  alternative  sources are not  available,  such as the
VideoCipher(R) and DigiCipher(R)  encryption  systems  manufactured by Motorola,
Inc., which are standard  encryption  methodologies  employed on U.S. C-Band and
Ku-Band  transponders and Hughes Network Systems digital satellite receivers for
delivery of DIRECTV(TM)  programming.  An inability to timely obtain  sufficient
quantities  of these  components  could  have a material  adverse  effect on the
Company's  operating  results.  The Company does not have an agreement  with any
sole source  supplier  requiring  the  supplier  to sell a  specified  volume of
components to the Company.

(o)       Stock Options

          The Company applies APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, and related interpretations in accounting for its stock option plans.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 ("FAS 123"),  Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation,  requires the Company to provide pro forma information
regarding net income and net income per common share as if compensation cost for
stock options granted under the

                                       34
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

plans,  if  applicable,  had been  determined in accordance  with the fair value
based method  prescribed in FAS 123. The Company does not plan to adopt the fair
value based method prescribed by FAS 123.

          The Company  estimates  the fair value of each stock  option  grant by
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions  used for grants:  expected lives of 9.5 years,  no dividend  yield,
volatility at 73%, risk free interest rate of 3.2% for 2002;  expected  lives of
9.5 years,  no dividend  yield,  volatility  at 71%,  risk free interest rate of
5.03% for 2001, and expected lives of 6 years, no dividend yield,  volatility at
68%, risk free interest rate of 6.2% for 2000.

          Under  accounting  provisions  of FAS 123,  the  Company's  net income
(loss) to common  shareholders and net income (loss) per common share would have
been adjusted to the pro forma amounts indicated below (in thousands, except per
share data):


                                                     Years Ended December 31
                                                  2002       2001      2000
                                                 -------    -------   -------
Net income (loss) as reported ................   $(6,457)   $ 1,217   $ 3,576
Adjustments for fair value of stock options,
 net of tax ..................................       590        469       473
                                                 -------    -------   -------
     Pro forma ...............................   ($7,047)   $   748   $ 3,103
                                                 =======    =======   =======
Net income (loss) per share basic and diluted:
     As reported .............................   $ (0.84)   $  0.16   $  0.47
                                                 =======    =======   =======
     Pro forma ...............................   $ (0.93)   $  0.10   $  0.41
                                                 =======    =======   =======

(p)       Shipping and Handling Costs

          Shipping  and  handling  costs are  recorded as a component of selling
expenses. Revenues from shipping and handling are not significant.  Shipping and
handling  costs were $181,  $120 and $275 for the years ended December 31, 2002,
2001 and 2000, respectively.

(q)       New Accounting Pronouncements

          In July 2002,  the FASB  issued  FAS No.  146,  "Accounting  for Costs
Associated  with Exit or Disposal  Activities"  ("FAS 146").  FAS 146 applies to
costs  associated  with an exit  activity  (including  restructuring)  or with a
disposal of long-lived  assets.  Those  activities  can include  eliminating  or
reducing  product lines,  terminating  employees and  contracts,  and relocating
plant facilities or personnel.  Under FAS 146, a company will record a liability
for a cost associated  with an exit or disposal  activity when that liability is
incurred  and can be measured at fair value.  FAS 146 will  require a company to
disclose information about its exit and disposal activities,  the related costs,
and  changes in those  costs in the notes to the  interim  and annual  financial
statements that include the period in which an exit activity is initiated and in
any  subsequent  period  until the activity is  completed.  FAS 146 is effective
prospectively for exit or disposal activities initiated after December 31, 2002,
with earlier adoption  encouraged.  Under FAS 146, a company may not restate its
previously  issued financial  statements and FAS 146 grandfathers the accounting
for  liabilities  that a company had previously  recorded under Emerging  Issues
Task Force Issue 94-3.  The adoption of FAS 146 will not have a material  impact
on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

NOTE 2 - INVENTORIES

Inventories, net of reserves, are summarized as follows:

                                 December 31,
                           -----------------------
                            2002           2001
                           -------        -------
Raw materials .........    $11,054        $13,071
Work in process .......      1,660          2,797
Finished goods ........     12,046         14,348
                           -------        -------
                           $24,760        $30,216
                           =======        =======

                                       35
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

NOTE 3 - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property, plant and equipment are summarized as follows:

                                                       December 31,
                                                   --------------------
                                                     2002        2001
                                                   --------    --------
Land ...........................................   $  1,000    $  1,000
Building .......................................      3,361       3,361
Machinery and equipment ........................      7,473       7,365
Cable systems ..................................        811          --
Furniture and fixtures .........................        401         398
Office equipment ...............................      1,754       1,713
Building improvements ..........................        640         640
                                                   --------    --------
                                                     15,440      14,477
Less:  Accumulated depreciation and
        amortization ...........................     (8,609)     (7,340)
                                                   --------    --------
                                                   $  6,831    $  7,137
                                                   ========    ========

NOTE 4 - DEBT

          On March 20, 2002 the Company  entered  into a credit  agreement  with
Commerce Bank, N.A.  ("Commerce Bank") for a $19,500 credit facility,  comprised
of (i) a $7,000  revolving  line of credit  under which funds may be borrowed at
LIBOR,  plus a margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.50%, in each case depending on the
calculation of certain financial covenants, with a floor of 5% through March 19,
2003 (5% at December 31, 2002),  (ii) a $9,000 term loan which bears interest at
a rate of 6.75%  through  September  30, 2002,  and  thereafter  at a fixed rate
ranging from 6.50% to 7.25% to reset  quarterly  depending on the calculation of
certain  financial  covenants  (6.75% at December  31,  2002) and (iii) a $3,500
mortgage loan bearing  interest at 7.5%.  Borrowings under the revolving line of
credit are limited to certain  percentages of eligible  accounts  receivable and
inventory,  as  defined  in  the  credit  agreement.   The  credit  facility  is
collateralized  by a  security  interest  in all of the  Company's  assets.  The
agreement  also  contains  restrictions  that  require  the  Company to maintain
certain  financial  ratios  as  well  as  restrictions  on the  payment  of cash
dividends.  The maturity  date of the line of credit with Commerce Bank is March
20, 2004.  The term loan requires equal monthly  principal  payments of $187 and
matures on April 1, 2006.  The mortgage  loan requires  equal monthly  principal
payments  of $19 and  matures on April 1, 2017.  The  mortgage  loan is callable
after five years at the lender's option.

          Upon execution of the credit agreement with Commerce Bank, $14,954 was
advanced to the Company,  of which $14,827 was used to pay all unpaid  principal
and accrued  interest  under the  Company's  prior line of credit and term loans
with First Union National Bank.

          The average amount  outstanding on the Company's line of credit during
2002 was $3,208 at a weighted  average interest rate of 5.0%. The maximum amount
outstanding on the line of credit during 2002 was $5,650.  At December 31, 2002,
$650 was available under the line of credit.

          At  December  31,  2002,  the  Company  was  unable to meet one of its
financial  covenants under its credit  agreement with its bank,  compliance with
which was waived by such bank as of December 31, 2002.

          Prior to March 20, 2002,  the Company had a $5,500  revolving  line of
credit  with First  Union on which  funds could be borrowed at either the bank's
base  rate plus a margin  ranging  from 0% to  .625%,  or  LIBOR,  plus a margin
ranging from 1.50% to 2.625%,  in each case  depending  upon the  calculation of
certain financial covenants.  The Company also had, prior to March 20, 2002, two
outstanding  term loans with First Union,  which accrued  interest at a variable
interest rate.

                                       36
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

          The fair value of the debt  approximates  the recorded  value based on
the borrowing  rates  currently  available to the Company for loans with similar
terms and maturities.

Long-term debt consists of the following:

                                                              December 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                       2002              2001
                                                     --------          --------
Revolving Line of Credit ...................         $  5,650          $  4,367
Term Loan ..................................            7,313             9,000
Mortgage loan ..............................            3,325             1,941
Capital leases (Note 5) ....................              622               887
                                                     --------          --------
                                                       16,910            16,195
Less:  Current portion .....................           (2,632)           (2,917)
                                                     --------          --------
                                                     $ 14,278          $ 13,278
                                                     ========          ========

          Annual maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2001 are:

                              2003 ...........   $ 2,632
                              2004 ...........     8,291
                              2005 ...........     2,649
                              2006 ...........       947
                              2007 ...........       233
                              Thereafter .....     2,158
                                                 -------
                                                 $16,910
                                                 =======

NOTE 5 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Leases

          The Company leases  certain  factory and  automotive  equipment  under
noncancellable  operating  leases and equipment under capital leases expiring at
various dates through December, 2006.

          Future minimum rental payments, required for all noncancellable leases
are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Capital     Operating
                                                           ----------  -----------
<S>                                                            <C>          <C>
2003 .................................................         $194         $158
2004 .................................................          191           75
2005 .................................................          186           20
2006 .................................................          157           --
2007 .................................................           --           --
Thereafter ...........................................           --           --
                                                               ----         ----
Total future minimum lease payments ..................          728         $253
                                                                            ====
Less:  amounts representing interest .................          106
                                                               ----
Present value of minimum lease payments...............         $622
                                                               ====
</TABLE>

          Property, plant and equipment included capitalized leases of $2,552 at
December 31, 2002 and 2001, less  accumulated  amortization of $1,786 and $1,477
at December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

          Rent expense was $155,  $111 and $160 for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

                                       37
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

Litigation

          The  Company  is a party  to  certain  proceedings  incidental  to the
ordinary  course of its  business,  none of which,  in the  current  opinion  of
management,  is  likely  to have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

NOTE 6 - BENEFIT PLANS

Defined Contribution Plan

          The Company has a defined  contribution  plan  covering  all full time
non-union employees qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code,
in which the Company  matches a portion of an employee's  salary  deferral.  The
Company's  contributions  to this plan were $213,  $208,  and $185 for the years
ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

Defined Benefit Pension Plan

          Substantially  all union  employees who meet certain  requirements  of
age,  length of  service  and hours  worked  per year are  covered  by a Company
sponsored  non-contributory  defined  benefit  pension  plan.  Benefits  paid to
retirees are based upon age at  retirement  and years of credited  service.  Net
periodic pension cost for this plan includes the following components:

                                                        December 31,
                                                   -------------------------
        Components of net periodic pension cost:     2002    2001     2000
                                                   -------  ------- --------
        Service cost ............................   $ 137    $ 155    $ 121
        Interest cost ...........................     127      116       80
        Actual return on plan assets ............    (124)    (105)    (148)
        Recognized net actuarial (gain) loss ....      29       27       63
                                                    -----    -----    -----
        Net periodic pension cost ...............   $ 169    $ 193    $ 116
                                                    =====    =====    =====

                                       38
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

          The  funded  status  of the  plan  and  the  amounts  recorded  in the
Company's consolidated balance sheets are as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          December 31,
                                                       ------------------
                                                         2002      2001
                                                       -------    -------
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>
      Change in benefit obligation:
      Benefit obligation at beginning of year ......   $ 1,905    $ 1,299
      Service cost .................................       137        155
      Interest cost ................................       127        116
      Actuarial (gain) loss ........................       (64)       369
      Benefits paid ................................      (100)       (34)
                                                       -------    -------
      Benefit obligation at end of year ............     2,005      1,905
                                                       -------    -------

      Change in plan assets:
      Fair value of plan assets at beginning
        of year ....................................     1,575      1,427
      Actual return on plan assets .................      (203)        (9)
      Employer contribution ........................       479        191
      Benefits paid ................................      (100)       (34)
                                                       -------    -------
      Fair value of plan assets at end of year .....     1,751      1,575
                                                       -------    -------

      Funded status ................................      (254)      (329)
      Unrecognized net actuarial loss ..............       919        694
      Unrecognized net transition liability ........       (40)       (50)
                                                       -------    -------
      Prepaid benefit cost .........................   $   625    $   315
                                                       =======    =======
</TABLE>


Key economic assumptions used in these determinations were:

                                                        December 31,
                                                    ----------------------
                                                      2002          2001
                                                    ---------      -------
         Discount rate.............................   7.0%          7.0%
         Expected long-term rate of return.........   7.0%          7.0%

          The Company recorded an unrecognized pension expense of $508 and $351,
net  of  tax  as  an  accumulated   other   comprehensive   loss  adjustment  to
stockholders'  equity in 2002 and 2001  respectively.  This amount  represents a
portion of the unrecognized net actuarial loss for the years ending December 31,
2002 and 2001, respectively.

NOTE 7 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          On  January  1,  1995,  the  Company  entered  into a  consulting  and
non-competition  agreement  with a  director,  who is also  the  second  largest
stockholder.  Under the agreement,  the director provides consulting services on
various operational and financial issues and is currently paid at an annual rate
of $169 but in no event is such  annual  rate  permitted  to  exceed  $200.  The
director also agreed to keep all Company  information  confidential and will not
compete  directly or  indirectly  with the Company for the term of the agreement
and for a period of two years  thereafter.  The initial  term of this  Agreement
expires on December 31, 2004 and automatically  renews thereafter for successive
one-year  terms  (subject to  termination  at the end of the initial term or any
renewal term on at least 90 days' notice).

                                       39
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                  As of December 31, 2002, the Chief Executive Officer was
indebted to the Company in the amount of $201, for which no interest has been
charged. This indebtedness arose from a series of cash advances, the latest of
which was advanced in February 2002.

NOTE 8 - CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

          Financial   instruments  that  potentially   subject  the  Company  to
significant  concentrations of credit risk consist  principally of cash deposits
and trade accounts receivable.

          The Company  maintains  cash  balances at several banks located in the
northeastern United States. As part of its cash management process,  the Company
periodically reviews the relative credit standing of these banks.

          Credit risk with respect to trade accounts  receivable is concentrated
with  five  of  the  Company's   customers.   These   customers   accounted  for
approximately 52% and 29% of the Company's outstanding trade accounts receivable
at December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively. These customers are distributors of
telecommunications  and private cable  television  components,  and providers of
franchise and private cable  television  service.  The Company  performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition,  uses credit insurance
and requires collateral, such as letters of credit, to mitigate its credit risk.
The  deterioration  of the  financial  condition  of one or  more  of its  major
customers could  adversely  impact the Company's  operations.  From time to time
where the Company determines that circumstances warrant, such as when a customer
agrees to commit to a large blanket  purchase order, the Company extends payment
terms beyond its standard payment terms.

          For the year ended December 31, 2002, the Company's  largest  customer
accounted  for  approximately  20% of the  Company's  sales.  This customer also
accounted  for  approximately  14%  of the  Company's  sales  in  2001  and  for
approximately  11% of the Company's  sales in 2000. At December 31, 2002,  three
other customers accounted for 10%, 11% and 11%,  respectively,  of the Company's
outstanding trade accounts  receivable.  Management believes these amounts to be
collectible.  For the year ending  December  31,  2000,  the  Company's  largest
customer accounted for approximately 29% of the Company's sales.

NOTE 9 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

          On July 24, 2002, the Company commenced a stock repurchase  program to
acquire up to $300 of its  outstanding  common stock.  The stock  repurchase was
funded by a combination of the Company's cash on hand and borrowings against its
revolving line of credit. During 2002, 48 shares were repurchased.

NOTE 10 - EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE

          Basic  and  diluted  earnings  (loss)  per share for each of the three
years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 are calculated as follows:

                                       40
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Net Income (Loss)     Shares      Per Share
                                              (Numerator)     (Denominator)     Amount
                                            ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>                 <C>         <C>
For the year ended December 31, 2002:
   Basic and Diluted earnings (loss)
    per share...............................   $ (6,457)           7,604       $ (0.84)
                                            ==============================================
For the year ended December 31, 2001:
   Basic earnings per share.................     $1,217            7,613        $ 0.16
   Effect of assumed conversion of employee
   stock options............................         --               24            --
                                            ----------------------------------------------
   Diluted earnings per share...............    $ 1,217            7,637        $ 0.16
                                            ==============================================
For the year ended December 31, 2000:
   Basic earnings per share.................    $ 3,576            7,620        $ 0.47
   Effect of assumed conversion of employee
   stock options............................         --               12            --
                                            ----------------------------------------------
   Diluted earnings per share...............    $ 3,576            7,632        $ 0.47
                                            ==============================================
</TABLE>

          The diluted share base excludes  incremental  shares of 1,301, 888 and
850 related to stock options and a warrant for December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000,
respectively. These shares were excluded due to their antidilutive effect.

NOTE 11 - STOCK OPTION PLANS

          In 1994, the Company  established the 1994 Incentive Stock Option Plan
(the "1994 PLAN").  The 1994 Plan  provides for the granting of Incentive  Stock
Options to purchase  shares of the  Company's  common  stock to officers and key
employees at a price not less than the fair market value at the date of grant as
determined by the compensation committee of the Board of Directors.  The maximum
number of shares  available for issuance under the plan was 298.  Options become
exercisable  as  determined  by  the  compensation  committee  of the  Board  of
Directors at the date of grant. Options expire ten years from the date of grant.

          In October,  1995, the Company's  Board of Directors and  stockholders
approved  the 1995 Long Term  Incentive  Plan (the "1995  PLAN").  The 1995 Plan
provides for grants of "incentive stock options" or nonqualified  stock options,
and awards of restricted  stock,  to  executives  and key  employees,  including
officers  and  employee  Directors.   The  1995  Plan  is  administered  by  the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which determines the optionees
and the terms of the options granted under the 1995 Plan, including the exercise
price, number of shares subject to the option and the exercisability thereof, as
well as the recipients and number of shares awarded for restricted stock awards;
provided,  however,  that no employee may receive  stock  options or  restricted
stock  awards  which  would  result,  separately  or  in  combination,   in  the
acquisition  of more than 100 shares of Common  Stock of the  Company  under the
1995 Plan. The exercise price of incentive  stock options granted under the 1995
Plan must be equal to at least the fair market  value of the Common Stock on the
date of grant.  With respect to any optionee  who owns stock  representing  more
than 10% of the voting power of all classes of the Company's outstanding capital
stock,  the  exercise  price of any  incentive  stock option must be equal to at
least 110% of the fair  market  value of the Common  Stock on the date of grant,
and the term of the  option  may not exceed  five  years.  The term of all other
incentive  stock  options  granted under the 1995 Plan may not exceed ten years.
The aggregate  fair market value of Common Stock  (determined  as of the date of
the option  grant) for which an  incentive  stock  option may for the first time
become  exercisable in any calendar year may not exceed $100. The exercise price
for nonqualified stock options is established by the Compensation Committee, and
may be more or less than the fair market  value of the Common  Stock on the date
of grant.

                                       41
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

          Stockholders  have  previously  approved  a total of 1,150  shares  of
common stock for issuance under the 1995 Plan, as amended to date.

          In May, 1998, the stockholders of the Company approved the Amended and
Restated  1996 Director  Option Plan (the "AMENDED 1996 PLAN").  Under the plan,
Directors who are not currently employed by the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company  and have not been so  employed  within  the  preceding  six  months are
eligible to receive  options  from time to time to purchase the number of shares
of Common Stock  determined by the Board in its discretion;  provided,  however,
that no Director is permitted to receive  options to purchase more than 5 shares
of Common Stock in any one calendar  year. The exercise price for such shares is
the fair market  value  thereof on the date of grant,  and the  options  vest as
determined  in each case by the Board of  Directors.  Options  granted under the
Amended  1996 Plan must be exercised  within 10 years from the date of grant.  A
maximum of 100 shares of Common Stock are subject to issuance  under the Amended
1996 Plan. The plan is administered by the Board of Directors.

          In 1996,  the Board of  Directors  granted a  non-plan,  non-qualified
option for 10 shares to an  individual,  who was not an  employee or director of
the Company at the time of the grant.  The option was originally  exercisable at
$10.25 per share and  expires in 2006.  This  option was  repriced  to $6.88 per
share on September 17, 1998.

          The  following  tables  summarize   information  about  stock  options
outstanding for each of the three years ended December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Weighted-                    Weighted-
                                          Average                      Average
                               1994       Exercise       1995          Exercise          1996       Weighted-Average
                             Plan (#)    Price ($)      Plan (#)      Price ($)         Plan (#)    Exercise Price ($)
                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>          <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>
Shares under option:
Outstanding at
      January 1, 2000           111          5.42           656             6.97             34              6.82
      Granted                    --            --           156             6.78             20              7.03
      Exercised                 (23)         3.44           (28)            6.88             --                --
      Forfeited                  --            --           (55)            6.82             --                --
Outstanding at
      December 31, 2000          88          5.93           729             6.94             54              6.90
      Granted                    34          2.88           130             2.95             20              2.88
      Exercised                  --            --            --               --             --                --
      Forfeited                 (35)         9.19           (92)            7.72             --                --
Outstanding at
      December 31, 2001          87          3.42           767             6.18             74              5.80
      Granted                    --            --           302             3.42             20              3.40
      Exercised                  (1)         2.88            --               --             --                --
      Forfeited                  (6)         3.16           (30)            6.70             --                --
Outstanding at
      December 31, 2002          80          3.45         1,039             5.36             94              5.29
Options exercisable
at December 31, 2002             65          3.58           576             6.55             74              5.80
Weighted-average fair
value of options granted
during:  2000                    --                       $4.49                           $4.51
         2001                 $2.22                       $2.28                           $2.22
         2002                    --                       $2.70                           $2.60

</TABLE>

          Total options available for grant were 68 and 105 at December 31, 2002
and December 31, 2001, respectively.

                                       42
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              Options Outstanding                                        Options Exercisable
                     ---------------------------------------                      ----------------------------------
   Range of          Number of Options    Weighted-Average     Weighted-Average      Number       Weighted-Average
   Exercise            Outstanding at         Remaining         Exercise Price     Exercisable     Exercise Price
  Prices ($)              12/31/02        Contractual Life           ($)           at 12/31/02           ($)
----------------------------------------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>                   <C>                  <C>               <C>              <C>
1994 Plan:
   2.57 to 2.88              49                    4.6                  2.73              34               2.66
           4.33              28                    2.4                  4.33              28               4.33
           6.88               3                    3.9                  6.88               3               6.88
                          -----                                                        -----
   2.57 to 6.88              80                    3.8                  3.45              65               3.58
                          =====                                                        =====

1995 Plan:
   2.79 to 3.19             125                    8.2                  2.89              40               2.89
   3.43 to 3.64             306                    9.2                  3.44               3               3.64
   5.88 to 6.75             155                    7.3                  6.64             116               6.61
   6.88 to 7.38             448                    4.3                  6.89             412               6.89
           8.63               5                    6.7                  8.63               5               8.63
                          -----                                                        -----
                          1,039                    6.7                  5.36             576               6.55
                          =====                                                          ===

1996 Plan:
           2.88              20                    8.1                  2.88              20               2.88
           3.40              20                    9.1                  3.40              --                 --
           6.53               8                    6.5                  6.53               8               6.53
   6.88 to 7.03              45                    5.9                  6.95              45               6.95
           8.50               1                     .5                  8.50               1               8.50
                          -----                                                        -----
                             94                    7.1                  5.29              74               5.80
                          =====                                                        =====
</TABLE>

NOTE 12 - INCOME TAXES

          The following summarizes the provision (benefit) for income taxes:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                     -----------------------------
                                       2002      2001        2000
                                     -------    -------    -------
<S>                                  <C>        <C>        <C>
Current:
   Federal .......................   $   (56)   $   660    $ 2,438
   State and local ...............       (31)        40        143
                                     -------    -------    -------
                                         (87)       700      2,581
Deferred:
   Federal .......................       275          3       (554)
   State and local ...............        33          1        (16)
                                     -------    -------    -------
                                         308          4       (570)
                                     -------    -------    -------
Provision for income taxes .......   $   221    $   704    $ 2,011
                                     =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>

                                       43
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


          The provision  for income taxes  differs from the amounts  computed by
applying the applicable Federal statutory rates due to the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                -------------------------
                                                                 2002      2001    2000
                                                                ------    ------   ------
<S>                                                             <C>       <C>      <C>
Provision for Federal income taxes at the statutory rate ....   $  221    $  653   $1,900
State and local income taxes, net of Federal benefit ........       46        26       75
Adjustment of prior year's accruals .........................      (55)       --       --
Other, net ..................................................        9        25       36
                                                                ------    ------   ------
Provision for income taxes ..................................   $  221    $  704   $2,011
                                                                ======    ======   ======
</TABLE>

                  Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets
and liabilities are as follows:

                                                             December 31,
                                                        -----------------------
                                                          2002           2001
                                                        --------      ---------
Deferred tax assets:
   Allowance for doubtful accounts ...............       $   385        $   660
   Inventory .....................................         1,289            946
   Other .........................................           184            140
   Other - Long Term .............................           409            316
   Other - Goodwill ..............................         3,723             --
                                                         -------        -------
     Total deferred tax assets ...................         5,990          2,062
                                                         -------        -------
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Depreciation ..................................          (221)          (266)
                                                         -------        -------
     Total deferred tax liabilities ..............          (221)          (266)
                                                         -------        -------
                                                         $ 5,769        $ 1,796
                                                         =======        =======


NOTE 13 - ACQUISITION (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

          During June, 2002, the Company formed a venture with Priority Systems,
LLC and  Paradigm  Capital  Investments,  LLC for the purpose of  acquiring  the
rights-of-entry for certain multiple dwelling unit cable television systems (the
"SYSTEMS")  owned by  affiliates  of Verizon  Communications,  Inc.  The venture
entity,  BDR Broadband,  LLC ("BDR BROADBAND"),  80% of the outstanding  capital
stock of  which  is  owned by the  Company,  acquired  the  Systems,  which  are
comprised of approximately  3,270 existing MDU cable television  subscribers and
approximately  7,340 passings.  BDR Broadband paid approximately  $1,880 for the
Systems, subject to adjustment,  which constitutes a purchase price of $.575 per
subscriber.  The final closing date for the  transaction  was on October 1, 2002
and BDR Broadband has been reflected in the consolidated  results of the Company
since that date. The Systems are expected to be cash flow positive  beginning in
the  first  year.  It  is  planned  that  the  Systems  will  be  upgraded  with
approximately  $1,300 of interdiction and other products of the Company over the
course of operation.

          The purchase price was allocated $1,489 to rights-of-entry and $391 to
fixed assets. The rights-of-entry will be amortized over a five year period.

          In  consideration  for its  majority  interest in BDR  Broadband,  the
Company  advanced to BDR Broadband $250, which was paid to the sellers as a down
payment  against the final  purchase  price for the  Systems.  The Company  also
agreed to guaranty  payment of the aggregate  purchase  price for the Systems by
BDR Broadband.

                                       44
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


The  approximately  $1,630 balance of the purchase price was paid by the Company
on behalf of BDR  Broadband  on November  30, 2002  pursuant to the terms and in
satisfaction of certain  promissory  notes executed by BDR Broadband in favor of
the sellers.

NOTE 14 - NOTES RECEIVABLE

          During  September  2002,  the  Company  sold  inventory  at a cost  of
approximately  $1,447 to a private cable  operator for  approximately  $1,929 in
exchange for which the Company received notes receivable in the principal amount
of  approximately  $1,929.  The notes are payable by the  customer in 48 monthly
principal and interest (at 11.5%)  installments of approximately  $51 commencing
January  1,  2003.  The  customer's  payment  obligations  under  the  notes are
collateralized  by purchase money liens on the inventory sold and blanket second
liens on all other  assets of the  customer.  The Company has recorded the notes
receivable  at the  inventory  cost and will not  recognize any revenue or gross
profit  on the  transaction  until a  substantial  amount  of the  cost has been
recovered.

NOTE 15 - SUBSEQUENT EVENT

          In March,  2003,  the  Company  entered  into a series of  agreements,
pursuant  to which the  Company  acquired  a 20%  minority  interest  in NetLinc
Communications,  LLC ("NETLINC")  and a 35% minority  interest in Blonder Tongue
Telephone,  LLC  ("BTT")  (to which the  Company  has  licensed  its name).  The
aggregate  purchase price consists of (i) up to $3,500 payable over a minimum of
two years,  plus (ii) 500 shares of the Company's  common  stock.  Of the $3,500
payable  under the  agreements,  the Company's  obligation  to pay $2,500 is
contingent upon BTT achieving specified targeted monthly earnings objectives.

NOTE 16 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION - UNAUDITED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  2002 Quarters                                 2001 Quarters
                                                  -------------                              ------------------
                                       First    Second    Third     Fourth           First     Second    Third    Fourth
                                     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>            <C>         <C>       <C>      <C>
Net sales...........................  $10,890   $11,257  $13,171   $11,633        $10,745     $12,752   $16,064  $14,066
Gross profit........................    3,316     3,051    3,777     2,612          3,646       4,577     5,251    3,225
Net earnings (loss).................   (6,703)       33      536      (323)          (207)        498     1,034     (108)
Basic earnings (loss) per share.....    (0.88)      .01      .07      (.04)          (.03)        .07       .14     (.02)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share...    (0.88)      .01      .07      (.04)          (.03)        .07       .14     (.02)
</TABLE>


                                       45
<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc.:



The audits  referred  to in our report  dated  March 5,  2003,  relating  to the
consolidated  financial  statements  of Blonder  Tongue  Laboratories,  Inc. and
subsidiaries, which is contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, included the audit
of the financial  statement  schedule  listed in the  accompanying  index.  This
financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's  management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this financial statement schedule
based upon our audits.

In our opinion,  such  financial  statement  schedule  presents  fairly,  in all
material respects, the information set forth therein.




BDO Seidman, LLP
Woodbridge, New Jersey


March 5, 2003

                                       46
<PAGE>

               BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
           SCHEDULE II. VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               Column A                      Column B                Column C            Column D         Column E
               --------                      --------                --------            --------         --------
                                                                    Additions

                                             Balance at      Charged       Charged
        Allowance for Doubtful               Beginning          to         to Other     Deductions       Balance at
               Accounts                       of Year       Expenses      Accounts     Write-Offs       End of Year
               --------                      ---------      --------      --------     ----------      -------------
<S>                                           <C>               <C>       <C>           <C>                   <C>
Year ended December 31, 2002                  $1,833            $180                    ($1,298)            $  715

Year ended December 31, 2001:                 $1,424            $409          --           --               $1,833

Year ended December 31, 2000:                 $  683            $741          --           --               $1,424

       Inventory Reserve
       -----------------

Year ended December 31, 2002                  $1,943            $500          --           --               $2,443

Year ended December 31, 2001:                 $1,403            $540          --           --               $1,943

Year ended December 31, 2000:                 $1,192            $211          --           --               $1,403
</TABLE>



                                       47
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

          Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                      BLONDER TONGUE LABORATORIES, INC.


Date:  March 31, 2003                 By:  /S/ JAMES A. LUKSCH
                                           -----------------------------------
                                           James A. Luksch
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

                                      By: /S/ ERIC SKOLNIK
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Eric Skolnik, Chief Financial Officer

          Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
this  report has been  signed  below by the  following  persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name                                                       Title                    Date
----                                                       -----                    ----
<S>                                          <C>                                <C>
 /S/ JAMES A. LUKSCH                         Director, President and Chief      March 31, 2003
------------------------------------         Executive Officer (Principal
James A. Luksch                              Executive Officer)



 /S/ ERIC SKOLNIK                            Chief Financial Officer            March 31, 2003
------------------------------------         (Principal Financial Officer and
Eric Skolnik                                 Principal Accounting Officer)


 /S/ ROBERT J. PALLE, JR.                    Director, Executive Vice           March 31, 2003
------------------------------------         President, Chief Operating
Robert J. Palle, Jr.                         Officer, Secretary and Treasurer


 /S/ JOHN E. DWIGHT                          Director                           March 31, 2003
------------------------------------
John E. Dwight


 /S/ JAMES H. WILLIAMS                       Director                           March 31, 2003
------------------------------------
James H. Williams


 /S/ JAMES F. WILLIAMS                       Director                           March 31, 2003
------------------------------------
James F. Williams


                                       48
<PAGE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                          <C>                                <C>
 /S/ ROBERT B. MAYER                         Director
------------------------------------
Robert B. Mayer                                                                 March 31, 2003


 /S/ GARY P. SCHARMETT                       Director                           March 31, 2003
------------------------------------
Gary P. Scharmett


 /S/ ROBERT E. HEATON                        Director                           March 31, 2003
------------------------------------
Robert E.  Heaton

</TABLE>




                                       49
<PAGE>

                                  CERTIFICATION

          I, James A. Luksch,  President and Chief Executive  Officer of Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc., certify that:


1.  I  have  reviewed  this  annual  report  on  Form  10-K  of  Blonder  Tongue
Laboratories, Inc.;

2.  Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain  any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such statements
were made,  not  misleading  with  respect to the period  covered by this annual
report;

3.  Based  on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
information  included  in this annual  report,  fairly  present in all  material
respects the financial  condition,  results of operations  and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and  I are  responsible  for
establishing and maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

a) designed  such  disclosure  controls and  procedures  to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others  within those  entities,  particularly  during the
period in which this annual report is being prepared;

b) evaluated  the  effectiveness  of the  registrant's  disclosure  controls and
procedures  as of a date  within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual
report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

c) presented in this annual report our conclusions  about the  effectiveness  of
the  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  based  on our  evaluation  as of the
Evaluation Date;

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation,  to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
the  registrant's  board of  directors  (or persons  performing  the  equivalent
functions):

a) all significant  deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls
which  could  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability  to record,  process,
summarize and report  financial data and have  identified  for the  registrant's
auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

b) any  fraud,  whether  or not  material,  that  involves  management  or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls; and

6. The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and I have  indicated in this
annual report whether there were significant  changes in internal controls or in
other factors that could  significantly  affect internal controls  subsequent to
the date of our most recent  evaluation,  including any corrective  actions with
regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


Date: March 31, 2003


                                        /s/  James A. Luksch
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        James A. Luksch
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer
                                        (Principal Executive Officer)

                                       50
<PAGE>

                                  CERTIFICATION

          I, Eric Skolnik, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Blonder
Tongue Laboratories, Inc., certify that:


1.  I  have  reviewed  this  annual  report  on  Form  10-K  of  Blonder  Tongue
Laboratories, Inc.;

2.  Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain  any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such statements
were made,  not  misleading  with  respect to the period  covered by this annual
report;

3.  Based  on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
information  included  in this annual  report,  fairly  present in all  material
respects the financial  condition,  results of operations  and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and  I are  responsible  for
establishing and maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

a) designed  such  disclosure  controls and  procedures  to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others  within those  entities,  particularly  during the
period in which this annual report is being prepared;

b) evaluated  the  effectiveness  of the  registrant's  disclosure  controls and
procedures  as of a date  within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual
report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

c) presented in this annual report our conclusions  about the  effectiveness  of
the  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  based  on our  evaluation  as of the
Evaluation Date;

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation,  to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
the  registrant's  board of  directors  (or persons  performing  the  equivalent
functions):

a) all significant  deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls
which  could  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability  to record,  process,
summarize and report  financial data and have  identified  for the  registrant's
auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

b) any  fraud,  whether  or not  material,  that  involves  management  or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls; and

6. The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and I have  indicated in this
annual report whether there were significant  changes in internal controls or in
other factors that could  significantly  affect internal controls  subsequent to
the date of our most recent  evaluation,  including any corrective  actions with
regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


Date: March 31, 2003


                                      /s/  Eric Skolnik
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                      Eric Skolnik
                                      Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                                      (Principal Financial Officer)

                                       51

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
