<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                   __________

                                   FORM 10-K
                 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

                        Commission file number: 0-20293

                          UNION BANKSHARES CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  VIRGINIA                             54-1598552
       (State or other jurisdiction of              (I.R.S. Employee
        incorporation or organization)             Identification No.)

       212 North Main Street, P.O. Box 446, Bowling Green, Virginia 22427
              (Address or principal executive offices)  (Zip code)

                                 (804) 633-5031
              (Registrant's telephone number including area code)

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                      None

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                           Common Stock, $2 par value

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X] No [  ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  [X]

     Aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant as of February 24, 2001 was $84,626,521.

     Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2000 was
7,516,449.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
                      -----------------------------------

     Portions of the Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year
ended December 31, 2000 are incorporated into Part II of this Form 10-K and
portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are
incorporated into Part III of this Form 10-K.
<PAGE>

                          UNION BANKSHARES CORPORATION
                                   FORM 10-K
                                     INDEX
                                     -----

                                     PART 1
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Page
                                                               ----
<S>        <C>                                                <C>

Item 1.     Business........................................   1
Item 2.     Properties......................................   8
Item 3.     Legal Proceedings...............................   9
Item 4.     Submission of Matters to a
            Vote of Security Holders........................   9

                                    PART II

Item 5.     Market for Registrant's Common Equity
            and Related Stockholder Matters.................  10
Item 6.     Selected Financial Data.........................  10
Item 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis
            of Financial Condition and Results
            of Operations...................................  10
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
            About Market Risk...............................  11
Item 8.     Financial Statements and
            Supplementary Data..............................  12
Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with
            Accountants on Accounting and
            Financial Disclosure............................  12

                                    PART III

Item 10.    Directors and Executive Officers................  13
Item 11.    Executive Compensation..........................  14
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
            Owners and Management...........................  14
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related
            Transactions....................................  14

                                    PART IV

Item 14.    Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules
            and Reports on Form 8-K.........................  15
</TABLE>

                                       i
<PAGE>

                                     PART I
Item 1. - Business

GENERAL

     Union Bankshares Corporation (the "Company") is a multi-bank holding
company organized under Virginia law which is headquartered in Bowling Green,
Virginia.  The Company is committed to the delivery of financial services
through its four affiliated community banks, Union Bank & Trust Company ("Union
Bank"), Northern Neck State Bank ("Northern Neck Bank"), Rappahannock National
Bank ("Rappahannock Bank") and the Bank of Williamsburg (collectively, the
"Subsidiary Banks"), and two non-bank financial services affiliates, Union
Investment Services, Inc. ("Union Investment") and Mortgage Capital Investors,
Inc. ("MCI").

     The Company was formed in connection with the July 1993 merger of Northern
Neck Bankshares Corporation with and into Union Bancorp, Inc.  On September 1,
1996, King George State Bank and on July 1, 1998, Rappahannock National Bank
became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. On February 22, 1999, the Bank
of Williamsburg began business as a newly organized bank focused on the
Williamsburg market.  In June 1999, King George State Bank was merged into Union
Bank and ceased to be a subsidiary bank.

     Each of the Subsidiary Banks is a full service retail commercial bank
offering a wide range of banking and related financial services, including
checking, savings, certificates of deposit and other depository services, and
loans for commercial, industrial, residential mortgage and consumer purposes.
The Subsidiary Banks also issue credit cards and can deliver automated teller
machine services through the use of reciprocally shared ATMs in the STAR, CIRRUS
and PLUS networks.

     Union Bankshares Corporation had assets of $882 million, deposits of $692
million, and shareholders' equity of $78 million at December 31, 2000.  The
Company serves, through its Subsidiary Banks, the Virginia counties of Caroline,
Hanover, King George, King William, Spotsylvania, Stafford, Richmond,
Westmoreland, Essex, Lancaster, Northumberland, the City of Williamsburg, James
City County and the City of Fredericksburg.   Through its Subsidiary Banks, the
Company operated twenty-nine branches in its primary trade area at year end.

     Union Investment has provided securities brokerage and investment advisory
services since February 1993.  It is a full service brokerage company which
offers a wide range of investment services, and sells annuities, mutual funds,
bonds and stocks.

     On February 22, 1999, the Company opened the Bank of Williamsburg, a full
service bank headquartered in Williamsburg, Virginia. The bank was organized and
chartered under the laws of Virginia in February 1999. On March 20, 2000, the
Bank of Williamsburg moved into its headquarters located at 5125 John Tyler
Parkway in

                                       1
<PAGE>

Williamsburg. The Bank of Williamsburg's primary trade area is Williamsburg and
surrounding James City County.

     On February 11, 1999, the Company acquired CMK Corporation t/a "Mortgage
Capital Investors," a mortgage loan brokerage company headquartered in
Springfield, Virginia, by merger of CMK Corporation into Mortgage Capital
Investors, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Union Bank.  MCI has offices in
Virginia, Maryland and South Carolina and is also licensed to do business in
Connecticut, New Jersey, North Carolina and Washington, D.C.  MCI provides a
variety of mortgage products to customers in those states.  The mortgage loans
originated by MCI are generally sold in the secondary market through purchase
agreements with institutional investors.  In addition, some originated loans are
sold to one or more of the Subsidiary Banks to meet a bank's current
asset/liability management needs and the current credit quality standards.  MCI
also offers insurance services to its customers through a joint venture with an
insurance agency.

     The Company has two reportable segments: traditional full service community
banks and a mortgage loan origination business, each as described above.  See
Note 17 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and the section
entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" that are included in the Company's 2000 Annual Report to
Shareholders for certain financial and other information about each of the
Company's operating segments.

ACQUISITION PROGRAM

     The Company looks to expand its market area and increase its market share
through internal growth, de novo expansion and strategic acquisitions.  During
2000, the Company purchased $3.0 million in deposits from Bank of Lancaster in a
divestiture sale involving First Virginia Bank - Tidewater.  This deposit
acquisition, which was consummated on November 11, 2000, represented an
opportunity to increase the Company's market share in the Kilmarnock market.

COMPETITION

     The Company experiences competition in all aspects of its business.  In its
market area, the Company competes with large national and regional financial
institutions, savings and loans and other independent community banks, as well
as credit unions, mutual funds and life insurance companies.  Competition has
increasingly come from out-of-state banks through their acquisitions of
Virginia-based banks. Competition for deposits and loans is affected by factors
such as interest rates offered, the number and location of branches and types of
products offered, as well as the reputation of the institution.

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

     Bank holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under both
federal and state law.  The following description briefly addresses certain
provisions of federal

                                       2
<PAGE>

and state laws and certain regulations and proposed regulations and the
potential impact of such provisions on the Company and its Subsidiary Banks. To
the extent statutory or regulatory provisions or proposals are described, the
description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular
statutory or regulatory provisions or proposals.

Bank Holding Companies

     As a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956 (the "BHCA"), the Company is subject to regulation by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board").  The
Federal Reserve Board has jurisdiction under the BHCA to approve any bank or
non-bank acquisition, merger or consolidation proposed by a bank holding
company.  The BHCA generally limits the activities of a bank holding company and
its subsidiaries to that of banking, managing or controlling banks, or any other
activity that is so closely related to banking or to managing or controlling
banks as to be a proper incident thereto.

     Since September 1995, the BHCA has permitted bank holding companies from
any state to acquire banks and bank holding companies located in any other
state, subject to certain conditions, including nationwide and state imposed
concentration limits.  Banks are also able to branch across state lines,
provided certain conditions are met, including that applicable state law must
expressly permit such interstate branching.  Virginia has adopted legislation
that permits branching across state lines, provided there is reciprocity with
the state in which the out-of-state bank is based.

     There are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on bank holding
companies and their depository institution subsidiaries by federal law and
regulatory policy that are designed to reduce potential loss exposure to the
depositors of such depository institutions and to the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (the "FDIC") insurance funds in the event the depository institution
becomes in danger of default or is in default.  For example, under a policy of
the Federal Reserve Board with respect to bank holding company operations, a
bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial strength to
its subsidiary depository institutions and to commit resources to support such
institutions in circumstances where it might not do so absent such policy.  In
addition, the "cross-guarantee" provisions of federal law require insured
depository institutions under common control to reimburse the FDIC for any loss
suffered or reasonably anticipated by either the Savings Association Insurance
Fund ("SAIF") or the Bank Insurance Fund ("BIF") as a result of the default of a
commonly controlled insured depository institution in danger of default.  The
FDIC may decline to enforce the cross-guarantee provisions if it determines that
a waiver is in the best interest of the SAIF or the BIF or both.  The FDIC's
claim for damages is superior to claims of stockholders of the insured
depository institution or its holding company but is subordinate to claims of
depositors, secured creditors and holders of subordinated debt (other than
affiliates) of the commonly controlled insured depository institutions.

     The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the "FDIA") also provides that amounts
received from the liquidation or other resolution of any insured depository
institution by

                                       3
<PAGE>

any receiver must be distributed (after payment of secured claims) to pay the
deposit liabilities of the institution prior to payment of any other general
creditor or stockholder. This provision would give depositors a preference over
general and subordinated creditors and stockholders in the event a receiver is
appointed to distribute the assets of the bank.

     The Company is registered under the bank holding company laws of Virginia.
Accordingly, the Company and the Subsidiary Banks are subject to regulation and
supervision by the State Corporation Commission of Virginia (the "SCC").

Capital Requirements

     The Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
(the "OCC") and the FDIC have issued substantially similar risk-based and
leverage capital guidelines applicable to United States banking organizations.
In addition, those regulatory agencies may from time to time require that a
banking organization maintain capital above the minimum levels because of its
financial condition or actual or anticipated growth.  Under the risk-based
capital requirements of these federal bank regulatory agencies, the Company and
each of the Subsidiary Banks are required to maintain a minimum ratio of total
capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8%.  At least half of the total
capital is required to be "Tier 1 capital", which consists principally of common
and certain qualifying preferred shareholders' equity, less certain intangibles
and other adjustments.  The remainder ("Tier 2 capital") consists of a limited
amount of subordinated and other qualifying debt (including certain hybrid
capital instruments) and a limited amount of the general loan loss allowance.
The Tier 1 and total capital to risk-weighted asset ratios of the Company as of
December 31, 2000 were 10.72% and 11.82%, respectively, exceeding the minimum
requirements.

     In addition, each of the federal regulatory agencies has established a
minimum leverage capital ratio (Tier 1 capital to average tangible assets)
("Tier 1 leverage ratio").  These guidelines provide for a minimum Tier 1
leverage ratio of 3% for banks and bank holding companies that meet certain
specified criteria, including that they have the highest regulatory examination
rating and are not contemplating significant growth or expansion.  All other
institutions are expected to maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 3%,
plus an additional cushion of 100 to 200 basis points above the minimum.  The
leverage ratio of the Company as of December 31, 2000, was 8.46%, which is above
the minimum requirements.  The guidelines also provide that banking
organizations experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions will be
expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum
supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets.

Limits on Dividends and Other Payments

     The Company is a legal entity, separate and distinct from its subsidiary
institutions.  Substantially all of the revenues of the Company result from
dividends paid to it by the Subsidiary Banks.  There are various legal
limitations applicable to the

                                       4
<PAGE>

payment of dividends to the Company, as well as the payment of dividends by the
Company to its respective shareholders.

     Under federal law, the Subsidiary Banks may not, subject to certain limited
exceptions, make loans or extensions of credit to, or investments in the
securities of, the Company or take securities of the Company as collateral for
loans to any borrower.  The Subsidiary Banks are also subject to collateral
security requirements for any loans or extensions of credit permitted by such
exceptions.

     The Subsidiary Banks are subject to various statutory restrictions on their
ability to pay dividends to the Company.  Under the current supervisory
practices of the Subsidiary Banks' regulatory agencies, prior approval from
those agencies is required if cash dividends declared in any given year exceed
net income for that year plus retained net profits of the two proceeding years.
The payment of dividends by the Subsidiary Banks or the Company may also be
limited by other factors, such as requirements to maintain capital above
regulatory guidelines.  Bank regulatory agencies have the authority to prohibit
the Subsidiary Banks or the Company from engaging in an unsafe or unsound
practice in conducting their business.  The payment of dividends, depending on
the financial condition of the Subsidiary Banks, or the Company, could be deemed
to constitute such an unsafe or unsound practice.

     Under the FDIA, insured depository institutions such as the Subsidiary
Banks are prohibited from making capital distributions, including the payment of
dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become
"undercapitalized" (as such term is used in the statute).  Based on the
Subsidiary Banks' current financial condition, the Company does not expect that
this provision will have any impact on its ability to obtain dividends from the
Subsidiary Banks.

The Subsidiary Banks

     The Subsidiary Banks are supervised and regularly examined by the Federal
Reserve Board, OCC for Rappahannock and the SCC.  The various laws and
regulations administered by the regulatory agencies affect corporate practices,
such as the payment of dividends, incurring debt and acquisition of financial
institutions and other companies, and affect business practices, such as the
payment of interest on deposits, the charging of interest on loans, types of
business conducted and location of offices.

     The Subsidiary Banks are also subject to the requirements of the Community
Reinvestment Act (the "CRA").  The CRA imposes on financial institutions an
affirmative and ongoing obligation to meet the credit needs of the local
communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with
the safe and sound operation of those institutions.  Each financial
institution's efforts in meeting community credit needs currently are evaluated
as part of the examination process pursuant to twelve assessment factors.  These
factors also are considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions and applications
to open a branch or facility.

                                       5
<PAGE>

     As an institution with deposits insured by the BIF, the Bank also is
subject to insurance assessments imposed by the FDIC.  The FDIC has implemented
a risk-based assessment schedule, imposing assessments ranging from zero (a
minimum of $2,000) to 0.27% of an institution's average assessment base.  The
actual assessment to be paid by each BIF member is based on the institution's
assessment risk classification, which is determined based on whether the
institution is considered "well capitalized," "adequately capitalized" or
"undercapitalized," as such terms have been defined in applicable federal
regulations, and whether such institution is considered by its supervisory
agency to be financially sound or to have supervisory concerns.  In 2000, the
Subsidiary Banks paid $128,694 in deposit insurance premiums.

Other Safety and Soundness Regulations

     The federal banking agencies have broad powers under current federal law to
make prompt corrective action to resolve problems of insured depository
institutions.  The extent of these powers depends upon whether the institutions
in question are "well capitalized," "adequately capitalized,"
"undercapitalized," "significantly undercapitalized" or "critically
undercapitalized."  All such terms are defined under uniform regulations
defining such capital levels issued by each of the federal banking agencies.

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999

     The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 ("GLBA") was signed into law on November
12, 1999.  The main purpose of GLBA is to permit greater affiliations within the
financial services industry, primarily banking, securities and insurance.  The
provisions of GLBA that are believed to be of most significance to the Company
are discussed below.

     GLBA repeals sections 20 and 32 of the Glass-Steagall Act, which separated
commercial banking from investment banking, and substantially amends the BHCA,
which limited the ability of bank holding companies to engage in the securities
and insurance businesses.  To achieve this purpose, GLBA creates a new type of
company, the "financial holding company."  A financial holding company may
engage in or acquire companies that engage in a broad range of financial
services, including

 .  securities activities such as underwriting, dealing, brokerage, investment
   and merchant banking; and

 .  insurance underwriting, sales and brokerage activities.

A bank holding company may elect to become a financial holding company only if
all of its depository institution subsidiaries are well-capitalized, well-
managed and have at least a satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act rating.  For
various reasons, the Company has not elected to be treated as a financial
holding company under GLBA.

                                       6
<PAGE>

     GLBA establishes a system of functional regulation under which the federal
banking agencies will regulate the banking activities of financial holding
companies and banks' financial subsidiaries, the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC") will regulate their securities activities and state insurance
regulators will regulate their insurance activities.

     With regard to Federal securities laws, GLBA removes the blanket exemption
for banks from being considered brokers or dealers under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and sets out a number of limited activities, including trust and
fiduciary activities, in which a bank may engage without being considered a
broker, and a set of activities in which a bank may engage without being
considered a dealer.  The Investment Advisers Act of 1940 also will be amended
to eliminate certain provisions exempting banks from the registration
requirements of that statute, and the Investment Company Act of 1940 will be
amended to provide the SEC with regulatory authority over various bank mutual
fund activities.

     GLBA also provides new protections against the transfer and use by
financial institutions of consumers nonpublic personal information.  A financial
institution must provide to its customers, at the beginning of the customer
relationship and annually thereafter, the institution's policies and procedures
regarding the handling of customers' nonpublic personal financial information.
The new privacy provisions will generally prohibit a financial institution from
providing a customer's personal financial information to unaffiliated third
parties unless the institution discloses to the customer that the information
may be so provided and the customer is given the opportunity to opt out of such
disclosure.

     Many of GLBA's provisions, including the customer privacy protection
provisions, require the Federal bank regulatory agencies and other regulatory
bodies to adopt regulations to implement those respective provisions.  Most of
the required implementing regulations have been proposed and/or adopted by the
bank regulatory agencies as of December 31, 2000.  Neither the provisions of
GLBA nor the act's implementing regulations as proposed or adopted have had a
material impact on the Company's or the Subsidiary Banks' regulatory capital
ratios (as discussed above) or ability to continue to operate in a safe and
sound manner.

                                       7
<PAGE>

Item 2. - Properties

     The Company, through its subsidiaries, owns or leases buildings that are
used in the normal course of business.  The main office is located at 212 N.
Main Street, Bowling Green, Virginia, in a building owned by the Company.  The
Company's subsidiaries own or lease various other offices in the counties and
cities in which they operate. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
information with respect to the amounts at which bank premises and equipment are
carried and commitments under long-term leases.

     The properties on the following page are those owned or leased by the
Company and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000.

     Locations
     ---------

Corporate Headquarters
     212 North Main Street, Bowling Green, Virginia

Banking Offices - Union Bank & Trust Company
     211 North Main Street, Bowling Green, Virginia
     Route 1, Ladysmith, Virginia
     Route 301, Port Royal, Virginia
     4540 Lafayette Boulevard, Fredericksburg, Virginia
     Route 1 and Ashcake Road, Ashland, Virginia
     4210 Plank Road, Fredericksburg, Virginia
     10415 Courthouse Road, Fredericksburg, Virginia
     10469 Atlee Station Road, Ashland, Virginia
     700 Kenmore Avenue, Fredericksburg, Virginia
     Route 360, Manquin, Virginia
     9534 Chamberlayne Road, Mechanicsville, Virginia
     Cambridge and Layhill Road, Falmouth, Virginia
     Massaponax Church Road and Route 1, Spotsylvania, Virginia
     Brock Road and Route 3, Fredericksburg, Virginia
     2811 Fall Hill Avenue, Fredericksburg, Virginia
     610 Mechanicsville Turnpike, Mechanicsville, Virginia
     10045 Kings Highway, King George, Virginia
     840 McKinney Blvd., Colonial Beach, Virginia

                                       8
<PAGE>

Banking Offices - Northern Neck State Bank
     5839 Richmond Road, Warsaw, Virginia
     4256 Richmond Road, Warsaw, Virginia
     Route 3, Kings Highway, Montross, Virginia
     Route 17 and Earl Street, Tappahannock, Virginia
     1660 Tappahannock Blvd, Tappahannock, Virginia
     15043 Northumberland Highway, Burgess, Virginia
     284 North Main Street, Kilmarnock, Virginia
     876 Main Street, Reedville, Virginia
     485 Chesapeake Drive, White Stone, Virginia

Banking Office - Rappahannock National Bank
     257 Gay Street, Washington, Virginia

Banking Office - Bank of Williamsburg
     5125 John Tyler Parkway, Williamsburg, Virginia

Union Investment Services, Inc.
     111 Davis Court, Bowling Green, Virginia
     10469 Atlee Station Road, Ashland, Virginia
     2811 Fall Hill Avenue, Fredericksburg, Virginia

Mortgage Capital Investors, Inc.
     5835 Allentown Way, Camp Spring, Maryland
     5440 Jeff Davis Highway, #103, Fredericksburg, Virginia
     3 Hillcrest Drive #A100, Frederick, Maryland
     7501 Greenway Center, Greenbelt, Maryland
     7901 N. Ocean Boulevard, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
     6330 Newtown Road, #211, Norfolk, Virginia
     6571 Edsall Road, Springfield, Virginia

Item 3. - Legal Proceedings

     In the ordinary course of its operations, the Company and its subsidiaries
are parties to various legal proceedings.  Based on the information presently
available, and after consultation with legal counsel, management believes that
the ultimate outcome in such proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a
material adverse effect on the business or the financial condition or results of
operations.

Item 4. - Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of the year ended December 31, 2000.

                                       9
<PAGE>

                                    PART II

Item 5. - Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

     This information is incorporated herein by reference from the inside back
cover of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2000.

Item 6. - Selected Financial Data

     This information is incorporated herein by reference from the section
captioned "Selected Financial Data" on page 2 in the Annual Report to
Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2000.

Item 7. - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

     With the exception of the information below, the information required under
this item is incorporated herein by reference from the section captioned
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" on pages 10 through 20 in the Annual Report to Shareholders for the
year ended December 31, 2000.

LOAN PORTFOLIO

     The following table gives detail of the Company's loan maturities as of
December 31, 2000.

                  Remaining Maturities of Selected Loans

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       December 31, 2000
                                                                -----------------------------
                                                                                  Real Estate
                                                                   Commercial    Construction
                                                                 -----------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>            <C>
Within 1 year                                                           $37,918       $28,089

Variable Rate:
           1 to 5 years                                                     749           857
                                                                        -------       -------
           Total                                                            749           857

Fixed Rate:
           1 to 5 years                                                  30,793         3,574
           After 5 years                                                  4,801         1,040

                                                                        -------       -------
           Total                                                         35,594         4,614

                                                                        -------       -------
           Total maturities                                             $74,261       $33,560
</TABLE>

                                       10
<PAGE>

ASSET QUALITY - ALLOWANCE/PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES

     Union Bankshares maintains a general allowance for loan losses and does not
allocate its allowance for loan losses to individual categories for management
purposes.  The table below shows an allocation among loan categories based upon
analysis of the loan portfolio's composition, historical loan loss experience,
and other factors and the ratio of the related outstanding loan balances to
total loans.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses

                     2000                   1999                   1998                   1997                  1996
                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  Allowance  Percent of  Allowance  Percent of  Allowance  Percent of  Allowance  Percent of  Allowance  Percent of
                              Loans in               Loans in               Loans in               Loans in               Loans in
                                Each                   Each                   Each                   Each                   Each
                              Category               Category               Category               Category               Category
                              to Total               to Total               to Total               to Total               to Total
                               Loans                   Loans                  Loans                  Loans                  Loans
                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>               <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>
December 31:                                                                     (Dollars in thousands)
    Commercial,
    financial
    and
    agriculture    $3,369     13.3%        $3,215       13.0%     $3,382       13.4%     $2,433       11.8%     $2,338     11.4%


    Real Estate
    Construction    1,467      5.8%         1,511        6.1%      2,007        7.9%      1,299        7.1%      1,249      3.9%

    Real estate
    mortgage          406     59.3%           264       59.7%        189       60.3%        166       61.1%        160     62.2%

    Consumer &
    other           2,147     21.6%         1,627       21.2%        829       18.4%        900       20.0%        865     22.5%
                  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   $7,389    100.0%        $6,617      100.0%     $6,407      100.0%     $4,798      100.0%     $4,612    100.0%
</TABLE>


Item 7A. - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

     This information is incorporated herein by reference from the Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on
pages 12 through 13 of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended
December 31, 2000.

                                       11
<PAGE>

Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

     This information is incorporated herein by reference from the Consolidated
Financial Statements on pages 21 through 40 and the Quarterly Earnings Summary
on page 7 of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31,
2000.

Item 9. - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
          Financial Disclosure

     Previously reported on October 4, 1999, when the Company filed a Current
Report on Form 8-K dated September 27, 1999, to report a change in its
certifying accountant from KPMG LLP to Yount, Hyde & Barbour, P.C.

     On October 20, 1999, the Company engaged Cherry, Bekaert & Holland, LLP as
independent accountants to audit MCI's year ended December 31, 2000.

                                       12
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10. - Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

     This information, as applicable to directors, is incorporated herein by
reference from pages 2 and 3 of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held April 17, 2001 ("Proxy Statement") from the section
titled "Election of Directors."  Executive officers of the Company are listed
below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Title and Principal Occupation
Name (Age)                                               During Past Five Years
----------                                 ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>
G. William Beale (51)                      President and Chief Executive Officer of the
                                           Company since its inception; President of
                                           Union Bank since 1991.

D. Anthony Peay (41)                       Senior Vice President since 2000 and Vice
                                           President and Chief Financial Officer of the
                                           Company since December 1994.
</TABLE>

     Information on Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance for
the directors and executive officers of the Company is incorporated herein by
reference from page 12 of the Proxy Statement from the section titled "Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance."

                                       13
<PAGE>

Item 11. - Executive Compensation

     This information is incorporated herein by reference from pages 4  and 6
through 10 of the Proxy Statement from the sections titled "Election of
Directors--Directors' Fees" and "Executive Compensation."

Item 12. - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
           Management

     This information is incorporated herein by reference from pages 5-6 of the
Proxy Statement from section titled "Ownership of Company Common Stock."

Item 13. - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     This information is incorporated herein by reference from pages 11-12 of
the Proxy Statement from the section titled "Interest of Directors and Officers
in Certain Transactions."

                                       14
<PAGE>

                                    PART IV

Item 14. - Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

     The following documents are filed as part of this report:

     (a)(1)  Financial Statements

          The following documents are included in the 2000 Annual Report to
          Shareholders and are incorporated by reference in this report:

          Consolidated Balance Sheets
          Consolidated Statements of Income
          Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          Independent Auditor's Report

          Note: The independent auditor's report for the year ended December 31,
          1998 is included in this report as Exhibit 99.0

     (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules

          All schedules are omitted since they are not required, are not
          applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated
          financial statements or notes thereto.

                                       15
<PAGE>

(a)(3)    Exhibits

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  Exhibit No.                        Description
  -----------                        -----------
<S>          <C>
     3.1      Articles of Incorporation (incorporate by reference to
              Form S-4 Registration Statement - 33-60458)
     3.2      By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Form S-4
              Registration Statement - 33-60458)
    10.1      Change in Control Employment Agreement of G. William Beale
              (incorporated by reference to the registrant's Annual
              Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996)
    10.2      Employment Agreement of G. William Beale (incorporated by
              reference to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
              for the year ended December 31, 1999).
    11.0      Statement re: Computation of Per Share Earnings
              (incorporated by reference to note 12 of the notes to
              consolidated financial statements included in the 2000
              Annual Report to Shareholders)
    13.0      2000 Annual Report to Shareholders
    21.0      Subsidiaries of the Registrant
    23.1      Consent of Yount, Hyde & Barbour, P.C.
    23.2      Consent of KPMG LLP
    99.0      Report of KPMG LLP, as the Registrant's independent public
              accountant for the year ended December 31, 1998.
</TABLE>

(b) Reports on Form 8-K
    None

                                       16
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

   Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Union Bankshares Corporation

By:     /s/ G. William Beale          Date:  March 30, 2001
   ------------------------------     President and Chief Executive Officer
            G. William Beale

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities indicated on March 30, 2001.

        Signature             Title
        ---------             -----

/s/ G. William Beale          President, Chief Executive Officer and
-------------------------     Director (principal executive officer)
    G. William Beale

/s/ Frank B. Bradley, III     Director
-------------------------
    Frank B. Bradley, III

/s/ Ronald L. Hicks           Chairman of the Board of Directors
-------------------------
    Ronald L. Hicks

/s/ Charles H. Ryland         Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
-------------------------
    Charles H. Ryland

/s/ Walton Mahon              Director
-------------------------
    Walton Mahon

/s/ W. Tayloe Murphy, Jr.     Director
-------------------------
    W. Tayloe Murphy, Jr.

/s/ D. Anthony Peay           Senior Vice President and Chief
-------------------------     Financial Officer (principal financial officer)
    D. Anthony Peay

/s/ M. Raymond Piland, III    Director
--------------------------
    M. Raymond Piland, III

/s/ A.D. Whittaker            Director
--------------------------
    A.D. Whittaker

/s/ William M. Wright         Director
--------------------------
    William M. Wright

                                       17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
