<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tenk2005.txt
<DESCRIPTION>12/31/05 FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
     As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2006
 ==============================================================================

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
 (Mark One)

|X|    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
       ACT OF 1934

       For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005

                                       OR

|_|    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

        For the transition period from _____________ to ______________

                           Commission File No. 0-19341

                            BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                   Oklahoma                                  73-1373454
         (State or other jurisdiction                      (IRS Employer
       of Incorporation or Organization)                Identification No.)

            Bank of Oklahoma Tower
                 P.O. Box 2300
                Tulsa, Oklahoma                                74192
   (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                  (Zip Code)

                                 (918) 588-6000
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act:
                                      None

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act:
                        Common stock, $0.00006 par value

     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes |X| No |_|

     Indicate by check mark if the  registrant  is not  required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes |_| No |X|

     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |X| No |_|

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |_|

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large  accelerated  filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange  Act.  (Check
one):

Large accelerated filer |X|  Accelerated filer  |_|   Non-accelerated filer  |_|

     Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is a shell  company  (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes |_| No |X|

     The  aggregate  market  value of the  registrant's  common  stock  ("Common
Stock") held by non-affiliates is approximately  $948,181,172 (based on the June
30, 2005  closing  price of Common  Stock of $46.12 per  share).  As of March 1,
2006, there were 66,955,508 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Document of the Registrant                                  Reference Locations
Portions of the 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders      Parts I, II, III and IV
Portions of the 2006 Proxy Statement                                   Part III

===============================================================================
<PAGE>

                            BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                                      INDEX
ITEM                                                               PAGE

                                     PART I
1.  Business                                                        3

1A. Risk Factors                                                    8

1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                                       12

2.  Properties                                                      12

3.  Legal Proceedings                                               12

4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders             12

                            PART II

5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
    Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities               13

6.  Selected Financial Data                                         14

7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operations                                       14

7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      14

8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                     15

9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
    and Financial Disclosure                                        15

9A. Controls and Procedures                                         15

9B. Other Information                                               15

                                    PART III

10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant              16

11. Executive Compensation                                          16

12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
    Management and Related Stockholder Matters                      16

13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                  16

14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                          16

                                     PART IV

15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules                         17

Signatures                                                          26

Chief Executive Officer Section 302 Certification         Exhibit 31.1

Chief Financial Officer Section 302 Certification         Exhibit 31.2

Section 906 Certifications                                  Exhibit 32

<PAGE> 3
                                     PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS

                                     General

     Developments  relating  to  individual  aspects  of  the  business  of  BOK
Financial  Corporation  ("BOK  Financial" or "the Company") are described below.
Additional  discussion  of the Company's  activities  during the current year is
incorporated  by reference to the  "Management's  Assessment of  Operations  and
Financial   Condition"   section  of  BOK  Financial's  2005  Annual  Report  to
Shareholders (the "2005 Annual Report").  Information  regarding BOK Financial's
acquisitions  is  incorporated  by reference to Note 2 of "Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements" within the 2005 Annual Report.

                             Description of Business

     BOK Financial is a financial  holding company whose  activities are limited
by the Bank Holding  Company Act of 1956  ("BHCA"),  as amended by the Financial
Services Modernization Act or Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act. BOK Financial offers full
service banking in Oklahoma, Dallas and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
Northwest Arkansas, Denver, Colorado, and Phoenix, Arizona. The Company also has
commercial loan production,  mortgage banking and institutional sales offices in
the Kansas  City  market.  Principal  subsidiaries  are Bank of  Oklahoma,  N.A.
("BOk"), Bank of Texas, N.A., Bank of Albuquerque, N.A., Bank of Arkansas, N.A.,
Colorado State Bank and Trust, N.A. and Bank of Arizona, N.A. (collectively, the
"Banks"). Other subsidiaries include BOSC, Inc., a broker/dealer that engages in
retail and institutional securities sales and municipal bond underwriting. Other
non-bank subsidiary operations are not significant.

     Our overall  strategic  objective is to emphasize growth in long-term value
by  building  on  our  leadership   position  in  Oklahoma  and  expanding  into
high-growth  markets.  We have a solid  position in Oklahoma and are the state's
largest financial  institution as measured by deposit market share.  Since 1997,
we have  expanded  into  Dallas and  Houston,  Texas,  Albuquerque,  New Mexico,
Denver, Colorado, and Phoenix, Arizona. We are currently exploring opportunities
for further  growth in our regional  markets and expansion  into the Kansas City
market through acquisition or de novo banking operations.

     Our primary  focus is to provide a broad range of  financial  products  and
services,  including  loans and deposits,  cash management  services,  fiduciary
services,  mortgage  banking and brokerage and trading services to middle-market
businesses,  financial  institutions  and  consumers.  Our  revenue  sources are
diversified. Approximately 43% of our revenue comes from commissions and fees.

     Commercial  banking  is a  significant  part of our  business.  Our  credit
culture  emphasizes  building  relationships  by making high  quality  loans and
providing a full range of financial products and services to our customers.

     Our  acquisition   strategy   targets  quality   organizations   that  have
demonstrated  solid growth in their business lines. We provide additional growth
opportunities by hiring talent to enhance competitiveness, adding locations, and
broadening  product   offerings.   Our  operating   philosophy   embraces  local
decision-making   through  the  boards  of  directors   for  each  of  our  bank
subsidiaries.

     BOK  Financial's  corporate  headquarters  is located  at Bank of  Oklahoma
Tower, P.O. Box 2300, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74192.

     The Company's Annual Reports on Form 10-K,  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available on the
Company's  website at www.bokf.com as soon as reasonably  practicable  after the
Company  electronically  files  such  material  with  or  furnishes  it  to  the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE> 4

                               Operating Segments

     BOK Financial operates five principal lines of business: Oklahoma corporate
banking,  Oklahoma consumer banking,  mortgage banking,  wealth management,  and
regional  banking.  Mortgage  banking  activities  include loan  origination and
servicing across all markets served by the Company.  Wealth management  provides
brokerage  and  trading,  private  financial  services and  investment  advisory
services in all markets.  Wealth management also provides  fiduciary services in
all markets  except  Colorado.  Fiduciary  services in Colorado  are included in
regional banking.  Regional banking consists primarily of corporate and consumer
banking  activities  in  the  respective  local  markets.  Discussion  of  these
principal  lines of  business  is  incorporated  by  reference  to the  Lines of
Business section of Management's  Discussion and Analysis within the 2005 Annual
Report and to Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated  Financial  Statements within the
2005 Annual Report.

                                   Competition

     BOK Financial and its operating segments face competition from other banks,
thrifts,  credit  unions  and other  non-bank  financial  institutions,  such as
investment banking firms, investment advisory firms, brokerage firms, investment
companies,  government agencies,  mortgage brokers and insurance companies.  The
Company  competes largely on the basis of customer  services,  interest rates on
loans and deposits,  lending  limits and customer  convenience.  Some  operating
segments face competition from institutions that are not as closely regulated as
banks, and therefore are not limited by the same capital  requirements and other
restrictions.  All market share information  presented below is based upon share
of deposits in specified  areas  according to SNL  DataSource as of December 31,
2005.

     BOk is the largest banking  subsidiary of BOK Financial and has the largest
market share in Oklahoma  with 12% of the state's total  deposits.  In the Tulsa
and Oklahoma City areas, BOk has 27% and 10% of the market share,  respectively.
BOk competes  with two banks that have  operations  nationwide  and have greater
access to funds at lower costs,  higher  lending  limits,  and greater access to
technology resources. BOk also competes with regional and locally owned banks in
both the Tulsa and Oklahoma City areas,  as well as in every other  community in
which we do business throughout the state.

     Through other subsidiary banks, BOK Financial competes in Dallas-Fort Worth
and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Denver, Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona,
and  Northwest  Arkansas.  Bank of Texas  competes  against  numerous  financial
institutions,  including  some of the  largest in the United  States,  and has a
market share of  approximately  1% in each of the Dallas-Fort  Worth and Houston
areas.  Bank of Albuquerque  has a number four market share position with 11% of
deposits in the  Albuquerque  area and competes with two large  national  banks,
some regional banks and several  locally-owned smaller community banks. Colorado
State Bank and Trust has a market share of  approximately 1% in the Denver area.
Bank of Arizona  operates  as a  community  bank with  locations  in Phoenix and
Scottsdale.  Bank of Arkansas serves Benton and Washington counties in Arkansas.
The  Company's  ability to expand  into  additional  states  remains  subject to
various federal and state laws.

                                    Employees

     As of December 31, 2005, BOK Financial and its subsidiaries  employed 3,825
full-time equivalent employees.  None of the Company's employees are represented
by collective bargaining agreements. Management considers its employee relations
to be good.

                           Supervision and Regulation

     BOK Financial  and its  subsidiaries  are subject to extensive  regulations
under  federal  and state  laws.  These  regulations  are  designed  to  protect
depositors,  the Bank  Insurance  Fund and the banking system as a whole and not
necessarily to protect  shareholders  and creditors.  As detailed  below,  these
regulations  may restrict the Company's  ability to diversify,  to acquire other
institutions  and to pay dividends on its capital

<PAGE> 5

stock.  They also may require the  Company to provide  financial  support to its
subsidiaries, maintain certain capital balances and pay higher deposit insurance
premiums.

     Proposals to change laws and regulations governing the banking industry are
frequently  introduced in Congress,  in the state  legislatures  and before bank
regulatory  agencies.  The  likelihood  and  timing  of  any  new  proposals  or
legislation  and the impact they might have on the Company and its  subsidiaries
cannot be predicted at this time.

     The following  information  summarizes  certain laws and  regulations  that
affect the  Company's  operations.  It does not discuss all  provisions of these
laws and  regulations  and it does not summarize all laws and  regulations  that
affect the Company.

General

     As a financial  holding company,  BOK Financial is regulated under the BHCA
and is subject to regular  inspection,  examination and supervision by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board").  Under
the BHCA, BOK Financial files quarterly  reports and other  information with the
Federal Reserve Board.

     The Banks are organized as national banking associations under the National
Banking Act, and are subject to regulation,  supervision  and examination by the
Office of the  Comptroller  of the  Currency  (the "OCC"),  the Federal  Deposit
Insurance  Corporation (the "FDIC"), the Federal Reserve Board and other federal
and state regulatory  agencies.  The OCC has primary supervisory  responsibility
for national  banks and must approve  certain  corporate or structural  changes,
including changes in  capitalization,  payment of dividends,  change of place of
business,  and  establishment  of a  branch  or  operating  subsidiary.  The OCC
performs its functions  through national bank examiners who provide the OCC with
information  concerning  the  soundness  of a  national  bank,  the  quality  of
management  and directors,  and  compliance  with  applicable  regulations.  The
National  Banking Act authorizes the OCC to examine every national bank as often
as necessary.

     A financial  holding  company,  and the  companies  under its control,  are
permitted to engage in activities considered "financial in nature" as defined by
the  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act and  Federal  Reserve  Board  interpretations,  and
therefore may engage in a broader range of  activities  than  permitted for bank
holding  companies and their  subsidiaries.  Activities  that are  "financial in
nature" include  securities  underwriting and dealing,  insurance  underwriting,
operating  a  mortgage  company,  credit  card  company  or  factoring  company,
performing  certain  data  processing  operations,  servicing  loans  and  other
extensions of credit,  providing  investment  and financial  advice,  owning and
operating savings and loan associations, and leasing personal property on a full
pay-out,  non-operating  basis.  In order for a  financial  holding  company  to
commence  any new  activity  permitted  by the  BHCA,  each  insured  depository
institution  subsidiary  of the financial  holding  company must have received a
rating  of at  least  satisfactory  in its most  recent  examination  under  the
Community  Reinvestment  Act. A financial  holding company is required to notify
the Federal  Reserve  Board  within  thirty  days of engaging in new  activities
determined  to be  "financial  in nature."  BOK  Financial is engaged in some of
these activities and has notified the Federal Reserve Board.

     The BHCA requires the Federal Reserve Board's prior approval for the direct
or indirect  acquisition  of more than five percent of any class of voting stock
of any  non-affiliated  bank.  Under the  Federal  Bank  Merger  Act,  the prior
approval of the OCC is required  for a national  bank to merge with another bank
or purchase  the assets or assume the  deposits of another  bank.  In  reviewing
applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition  transactions,  the bank
regulatory authorities consider,  among other things, the competitive effect and
public  benefits  of the  transactions,  the capital  position  of the  combined
organization,   the   applicant's   performance   record  under  the   Community
Reinvestment  Act and fair  housing  laws and the  effectiveness  of the subject
organizations in combating money laundering activities.

     A financial  holding company and its  subsidiaries are prohibited under the
BHCA from  engaging  in  certain  tie-in  arrangements  in  connection  with the
provision of any credit, property or services. Thus, a subsidiary of a financial
holding  company  may not extend  credit,  lease or sell  property,  furnish any

<PAGE> 6

services or fix or vary the  consideration for these activities on the condition
that (1) the customer obtain or provide additional credit,  property or services
from or to the financial holding company or any subsidiary  thereof,  or (2) the
customer  may  not  obtain  some  other  credit,  property  or  services  from a
competitor, except to the extent reasonable conditions are imposed to insure the
soundness of credit extended.

     The Banks and other non-bank subsidiaries are also subject to other federal
and  state  laws  and  regulations.  For  example,  BOSC,  Inc.,  the  Company's
broker/dealer  subsidiary  that engages in retail and  institutional  securities
sales and  municipal  bond  underwriting,  is  regulated by the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission,  the National Association of Securities Dealers,  Inc., the
Federal Reserve Board,  the National  Futures  Association and state  securities
regulators.  As  another  example,  Bank  of  Arkansas  is  subject  to  certain
consumer-protection laws incorporated in the Arkansas Constitution, which, among
other  restrictions,  limit the maximum  interest  rate on general loans to five
percent above the Federal  Reserve  Discount Rate and limit the rate on consumer
loans to the lower of five percent above the discount rate or seventeen percent.

Capital Adequacy and Prompt Corrective Action

     The Federal Reserve Board,  the OCC and the FDIC have issued  substantially
similar risk-based and leverage capital  guidelines  applicable to United States
banking  organizations  to ensure capital adequacy based upon the risk levels of
assets  and  off-balance  sheet  financial  instruments.   In  addition,   these
regulatory  agencies may from time to time  require that a banking  organization
maintain  capital  above the minimum  levels,  whether  because of its financial
condition or actual or  anticipated  growth.  Capital  adequacy  guidelines  and
prompt corrective action regulations  involve  quantitative  measures of assets,
liabilities,  and certain  off-balance  sheet items  calculated under regulatory
accounting  practices.  Capital amounts and  classifications are also subject to
qualitative  judgments by regulators  regarding  components,  risk weighting and
other factors.

     The Federal Reserve Board risk-based guidelines define a three-tier capital
framework.  Core  capital  (Tier 1)  includes  common  shareholders'  equity and
qualifying  preferred  stock,  less goodwill,  most intangible  assets and other
adjustments.  Supplementary  capital  (Tier 2) consists of  preferred  stock not
qualifying as Tier 1 capital,  qualifying mandatory convertible debt securities,
limited amounts of subordinated  debt, other qualifying term debt and allowances
for credit losses, subject to limitations. Market risk capital (Tier 3) includes
qualifying  unsecured  subordinated debt. Assets and off-balance sheet exposures
are assigned to one of four  categories of  risk-weights,  based  primarily upon
relative credit risk.  Risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing Tier
1 and total capital by risk-weighted assets. For a depository  institution to be
considered well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action,  the  institution's  Tier 1 and total capital ratios must be at least 6%
and 10% on a  risk-adjusted  basis,  respectively.  As of December 31, 2005, BOK
Financial's  Tier 1 and total capital ratios under these  guidelines  were 9.84%
and 12.10%, respectively.

     The leverage  ratio is  determined  by dividing  Tier 1 capital by adjusted
average total assets.  Banking organizations are required to maintain a ratio of
at least 5% to be classified as well capitalized. BOK Financial's leverage ratio
at December 31, 2005 was 8.30%.

     The Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  Improvement  Act of 1991 (the
"FDICIA"),  among other things,  identifies five capital  categories for insured
depository institutions from well capitalized to critically undercapitalized and
requires the respective  federal  regulatory  agencies to implement  systems for
prompt  corrective  action  for  institutions  failing to meet  minimum  capital
requirements   within  such  categories.   FDICIA  imposes   progressively  more
restrictive  covenants  on  operations,  management  and capital  distributions,
depending upon the category in which an institution is classified.

     The  various  regulatory  agencies  have  adopted   substantially   similar
regulations that define the five capital categories  identified by FDICIA, using
the total  risk-based  capital,  Tier 1 risk-based  capital and leverage capital
ratios as the relevant  capital  measures.  Such regulations  establish  various
degrees of

<PAGE> 7

corrective   action   to  be   taken   when   an   institution   is   considered
undercapitalized.  Under these guidelines, each of the Banks was considered well
capitalized as of December 31, 2005.

     The federal regulatory authorities' risk-based capital guidelines are based
upon the 1988 capital accord of the Basel Committee on Banking  Supervision (the
"BCBS").  The BCBS is a committee of central banks and bank  regulators from the
major industrialized  countries that develops broad policy guidelines for use by
each country's supervisors in determining the supervisory policies they apply.

     In January  2001,  the BCBS released a proposal to replace the 1988 capital
accord  with a new  capital  accord  that  would set  capital  requirements  for
operational  risk and refine the existing  capital  requirements for credit risk
and market  risk  exposures.  Operational  risk  refers to the risk of direct or
indirect losses resulting from failed internal  processes,  people, and systems.
The 1988  capital  accord does not include  separate  capital  requirements  for
operational risk.

     In June 2004,  the BCBS published the framework for a new set of risk-based
capital standards. Release of proposed rules to implement the new capital accord
is expected in the first half of 2006.  The ultimate  timing and final form of a
new accord are uncertain. However, it is possible that a new capital accord will
eventually be adopted by the BCBS and  implemented  by the United States federal
bank regulatory authorities.  The new capital requirements that may arise from a
new capital accord could increase minimum capital requirements applicable to BOK
Financial and its subsidiaries.

     Further  discussion of regulatory  capital,  including  regulatory  capital
amounts and ratios,  is incorporated by reference to information set forth under
the heading "Borrowings and Capital" within Management's Discussion and Analysis
and Note 16 of the 2005 Annual Report.

Dividends

     The primary  source of liquidity  for BOK  Financial is dividends  from the
Banks,  which are limited by various  banking  regulations  to net  profits,  as
defined,  for the year plus  retained  profits for the  preceding  two years and
further  restricted  by  minimum  capital   requirements.   Based  on  the  most
restrictive  limitations,  the Banks had  excess  regulatory  capital  and could
declare up to $158  million  of  dividends  without  regulatory  approval  as of
December 31, 2005.  BOK  Financial  management  has  developed  and the Board of
Directors has approved an internal  capital policy that is more restrictive than
the regulatory  standards.  Under this policy, the Banks could declare dividends
of up to $86 million as of December 31, 2005.  These amounts are not necessarily
indicative of amounts that may be available to be paid in future periods.

Source of Strength Doctrine

     According to Federal  Reserve  Board  policy,  bank holding  companies  are
expected to act as a source of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to
commit resources to support each such  subsidiary.  This support may be required
at times when a bank holding  company may not be able to provide  such  support.
Similarly, under the cross-guarantee provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act,  in the event of a loss  suffered  by the FDIC as a result of  default of a
banking  subsidiary  or related to FDIC  assistance  provided to a subsidiary in
danger of default,  the other Banks may be assessed for the FDIC's loss, subject
to certain exceptions.

                   Governmental Policies and Economic Factors

     The  operations  of BOK  Financial  and its  subsidiaries  are  affected by
legislative  changes and by the policies of various regulatory  authorities and,
in particular,  the credit  policies of the Federal  Reserve Board. An important
function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the national supply of bank
credit to moderate  recessions  and curb  inflation.  Among the  instruments  of
monetary  policy used by the Federal  Reserve Board to implement its  objectives
are:  open-market  operations  in U.S.  Government  securities,  changes  in the
discount rate and federal funds rate on bank borrowings,  and changes in reserve

<PAGE> 8

requirements on bank deposits.  The effect of future changes in such policies on
the business and earnings of BOK Financial and its subsidiaries is uncertain.

     The  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act (the "Act")  addresses  many  aspects of financial
reporting,  corporate  governance  and public  company  disclosure.  Among other
things,  the Act  establishes  a  comprehensive  framework  for the oversight of
public company auditing and for  strengthening  the independence of auditors and
audit  committees.  Under the Act,  audit  committees  are  responsible  for the
appointment,  compensation  and  oversight  of the  work  of the  auditors.  The
non-audit services that can be provided to a company by its auditor are limited.
Audit  committee   members  are  subject  to  specific  rules  addressing  their
independence.   The  Act  also  requires  enhanced  and  accelerated   financial
disclosures,  and  it  establishes  various  responsibility  measures,  such  as
requiring the chief executive  officer and chief financial officer to certify to
the quality of the company's financial  reporting.  The Act imposes restrictions
on  and  accelerated   reporting   requirements   for  certain  insider  trading
activities. It imposes a variety of penalties for fraud and other violations and
creates a federal felony for securities  fraud.  Various sections of the Act are
applicable to BOK Financial.

                               Foreign Operations

     BOK Financial does not engage in operations in foreign countries,  nor does
it lend to foreign governments.


ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

     ADVERSE  REGIONAL  ECONOMIC   DEVELOPMENTS   COULD  NEGATIVELY  AFFECT  BOK
FINANCIAL'S BUSINESS.

     A substantial majority of BOK Financial loans are generated in Oklahoma and
other markets in the southwest region. As a result,  poor economic conditions in
Oklahoma or other  markets in the  southwest  region may cause BOK  Financial to
incur losses  associated  with higher  default  rates and  decreased  collateral
values in BOK Financial's  loan portfolio.  A regional  economic  downturn could
also adversely  affect revenue from brokerage and trading  activities,  mortgage
loan originations and other sources of fee-based revenue.

     ADVERSE  ECONOMIC  FACTORS  AFFECTING  PARTICULAR  INDUSTRIES  COULD HAVE A
NEGATIVE EFFECT ON BOK FINANCIAL CUSTOMERS AND THEIR ABILITY TO MAKE PAYMENTS TO
BOK FINANCIAL.

     Certain  industry-specific  economic factors also affect BOK Financial. For
example, a portion of BOK Financial's total loan portfolio is comprised of loans
to  borrowers  in the  energy  and  agricultural  industries,  both of which are
historically  cyclical  industries.  Low commodity  prices may adversely  affect
those  industries  and,  consequently,   may  affect  BOK  Financial's  business
negatively. In addition, BOK Financial's loan portfolio includes commercial real
estate  loans.  A downturn  in the real  estate  industry  in  Oklahoma  and the
Southwest   region  could  also  have  an  adverse  effect  on  BOK  Financial's
operations.

     FLUCTUATIONS  IN INTEREST  RATES  COULD  ADVERSELY  AFFECT BOK  FINANCIAL'S
BUSINESS.

     BOK Financial's business is highly sensitive to:

     o    the  monetary  policies  implemented  by the  Federal  Reserve  Board,
          including the discount rate on bank  borrowings and changes in reserve
          requirements,  which affect BOK Financial's  ability to make loans and
          the interest rates we may charge;

<PAGE> 9

     o    changes in prevailing  interest  rates,  due to the  dependency of BOK
          Financial's banks on interest income;

     o    open market operations in U.S. Government securities.

     Significant  increase in market  interest  rates, or the perception that an
increase  may occur,  could  adversely  affect both BOK  Financial's  ability to
originate new loans and BOK Financial's ability to grow. Conversely,  a decrease
in  interest  rates  could  result  in  acceleration  in the  payment  of loans,
including  loans   underlying  BOK  Financial's   holdings  of   mortgage-backed
securities and  termination of BOK Financial's  mortgage  servicing  rights.  In
addition, changes in market interest rates, changes in the relationships between
short-term and long-term  market interest rates or changes in the  relationships
between different interest rate indices, could affect the interest rates charged
on  interest-earning   assets  differently  than  the  interest  rates  paid  on
interest-bearing  liabilities.  This  difference  could result in an increase in
interest  expense  relative to interest  income.  An increase in market interest
rates also could adversely  affect the ability of BOK Financial's  floating-rate
borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations.  If this occurred,  it could
cause an  increase  in  nonperforming  assets and net  charge-offs,  which could
adversely affect BOK Financial's business.

     BOK  FINANCIAL'S  SUBSTANTIAL  HOLDINGS OF  MORTGAGE-BACKED  SECURITIES AND
MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT BOK FINANCIAL'S BUSINESS.

     BOK  Financial  has  invested  a  substantial  amount  of its  holdings  in
mortgage-backed   securities,   which  are  investment  interests  in  pools  of
mortgages.  Mortgage-backed  securities  are  highly  sensitive  to  changes  in
interest  rates.  BOK  Financial  mitigates  this  risk  somewhat  by  investing
principally in shorter duration mortgage  products,  which are less sensitive to
changes in interest  rates. A significant  decrease in interest rates could lead
mortgage  holders to refinance the mortgages  constituting  the pool backing the
securities,  subjecting  BOK  Financial to a risk of  prepayment  and  decreased
return on investment due to subsequent  reinvestment  at lower  interest  rates.
Conversely,  a  significant  increase  in interest  rates  could cause  mortgage
holders to extend the term over which they repay their  loans,  which delays the
Company's opportunity to reinvest funds at higher rates.

     In addition,  as part of BOK Financial's  mortgage  banking  business,  BOK
Financial has substantial  holdings of mortgage  servicing rights.  The value of
these  rights is also very  sensitive  to changes  in  interest  rates.  Falling
interest rates tend to increase loan prepayments, which may lead to cancellation
of the related  servicing  rights.  BOK Financial's  investments and dealings in
mortgage-related  products  increase the risk that falling  interest rates could
adversely affect BOK Financial's business. BOK Financial attempts to manage this
risk by maintaining an active hedging program for its mortgage servicing rights.
BOK  Financial's  hedging  program has only been partially  successful in recent
years.

     SUBSTANTIAL COMPETITION COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT BOK FINANCIAL.

     Banking is a  competitive  business.  BOK Financial  competes  actively for
loan, deposit and other financial  services business in Oklahoma,  as well as in
BOK  Financial's  other markets.  BOK  Financial's  competitors  include a large
number  of  small  and  large  local  and  national  banks,   savings  and  loan
associations,  credit unions, trust companies,  broker-dealers and underwriters,
as well as many financial and nonfinancial  firms that offer services similar to
BOK Financial's. Large national financial institutions have entered the Oklahoma
market.  These institutions have substantial  capital,  technology and marketing
resources.  Such large financial institutions may have greater access to capital
at a lower  cost  than BOK  Financial  does,  which  may  adversely  affect  BOK
Financial's ability to compete effectively.

<PAGE> 10

     BOK  Financial  has  expanded  into markets  outside of Oklahoma,  where it
competes with a large number of financial  institutions that have an established
customer base and greater market share than BOK Financial. BOK Financial may not
be able to  continue  to  compete  successfully  in  these  markets  outside  of
Oklahoma.  With respect to some of its  services,  BOK  Financial  competes with
non-bank companies that are not subject to regulation. The absence of regulatory
requirements may give non-banks a competitive advantage.

     ADVERSE  FACTORS  COULD IMPACT BOK  FINANCIAL'S  ABILITY TO  IMPLEMENT  ITS
OPERATING STRATEGY.

     Although BOK Financial has developed an operating strategy which it expects
to result in continuing  improved  financial  performance,  BOK Financial cannot
assure you that it will be successful  in fulfilling  this strategy or that this
operating  strategy will be  successful.  Achieving  success is dependent upon a
number of  factors,  many of which are beyond BOK  Financial's  direct  control.
Factors that may  adversely  affect BOK  Financial's  ability to  implement  its
operating strategy include:

     o    deterioration of BOK Financial's asset quality;

     o    inability to control BOK Financial's noninterest expenses;

     o    inability to increase noninterest income;

     o    deterioration  in  general  economic  conditions,  especially  in  BOK
          Financial's core markets;

     o    decreases in net interest margins;

     o    increases in competition;

     o    adverse regulatory developments.

     BANKING REGULATIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT BOK FINANCIAL.

     BOK Financial and its  subsidiaries  are  extensively  regulated under both
federal  and state law.  In  particular,  BOK  Financial  is subject to the Bank
Holding  Company Act of 1956 and the National Bank Act.  These  regulations  are
primarily for the benefit and  protection of BOK  Financial's  customers and not
for the  benefit of BOK  Financial's  investors.  In the past,  BOK  Financial's
business  has been  materially  affected  by  these  regulations.  For  example,
regulations  limit BOK Financial's  business to banking and related  businesses,
and they limit the location of BOK Financial's  branches and offices, as well as
the amount of deposits that it can hold in a particular state. These regulations
may limit BOK  Financial's  ability  to grow and  expand  into new  markets  and
businesses.

     Additionally,  under the  Community  Reinvestment  Act,  BOK  Financial  is
required to provide services in traditionally underserved areas. BOK Financial's
ability to make  acquisitions and engage in new business may be limited by these
requirements.

     The Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation  Improvement Act of 1991 and the
Bank  Holding  Company  Act of  1956,  and  various  regulations  of  regulatory
authorities,  require us to maintain  specified  capital ratios.  Any failure to
maintain  required  capital  ratios  would  limit the  growth  potential  of BOK
Financial's business.

<PAGE> 11

     Under a  long-standing  policy of the  Board of  Governors  of the  Federal
Reserve  System,  a bank  holding  company  is  expected  to act as a source  of
financial  strength for its subsidiary  banks.  As a result of that policy,  BOK
Financial  may be  required  to  commit  financial  and other  resources  to its
subsidiary banks in circumstances where we might not otherwise do so.

     The trend toward extensive  regulation is likely to continue in the future.
Laws,  regulations  or  policies  currently  affecting  us and  BOK  Financial's
subsidiaries  may change at any time.  Regulatory  authorities  may also  change
their  interpretation  of  these  statutes  and  regulations.   Therefore,   BOK
Financial's  business may be adversely  affected by any future  changes in laws,
regulations, policies or interpretations.

     STATUTORY  RESTRICTIONS ON SUBSIDIARY DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS AND
DEBTS OF BOK  FINANCIAL'S  SUBSIDIARIES  COULD  LIMIT  AMOUNTS  BOK  FINANCIAL'S
SUBSIDIARIES MAY PAY TO BOK FINANCIAL.

     BOK Financial is a bank holding company,  and a substantial  portion of BOK
Financial's  cash flow typically comes from dividends that BOK Financial's  bank
and nonbank  subsidiaries  pay to BOK Financial.  Various  statutory  provisions
restrict the amount of dividends  BOK  Financial's  subsidiaries  can pay to BOK
Financial without regulatory  approval.  Management also developed,  and the BOK
Financial board of directors  approved,  an internal capital policy that is more
restrictive than the regulatory  capital standards.  In addition,  if any of BOK
Financial's  subsidiaries  liquidates,   that  subsidiary's  creditors  will  be
entitled to receive  distributions from the assets of that subsidiary to satisfy
their claims against it before BOK Financial,  as a holder of an equity interest
in the  subsidiary,  will  be  entitled  to  receive  any of the  assets  of the
subsidiary.  If,  however,  BOK Financial is a creditor of the  subsidiary  with
recognized  claims  against it, BOK  Financial  will be in the same  position as
other creditors.

     ALTHOUGH  PUBLICLY TRADED,  BOK FINANCIAL'S  COMMON STOCK HAS SUBSTANTIALLY
LESS LIQUIDITY THAN THE AVERAGE  TRADING MARKET FOR A STOCK QUOTED ON THE NASDAQ
NATIONAL MARKET SYSTEM.

     A relatively small fraction of BOK Financial's  outstanding common stock is
actively traded. The risks of low liquidity include increased  volatility of the
price of BOK Financial's  common stock.  Low liquidity may also limit holders of
BOK  Financial's  common  stock  in  their  ability  to  sell  or  transfer  BOK
Financial's shares at the price, time and quantity desired.

     BOK  FINANCIAL'S   PRINCIPAL   SHAREHOLDER   CONTROLS  A  MAJORITY  OF  BOK
FINANCIAL'S COMMON STOCK.

     Mr.  George B.  Kaiser  owns a majority  of the  outstanding  shares of BOK
Financial's  common stock.  Mr.  Kaiser is able to elect all of BOK  Financial's
directors and effectively control the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of
BOK  Financial's  common  shareholders.  Mr.  Kaiser's  ability  to  prevent  an
unsolicited  bid for BOK  Financial or any other change in control could have an
adverse  effect  on the  market  price  for  BOK  Financial's  common  stock.  A
substantial majority of BOK Financial's  directors are not officers or employees
of BOK  Financial or any of its  affiliates.  However,  because of Mr.  Kaiser's
control  over the  election of BOK  Financial's  directors,  he could change the
composition  of BOK  Financial's  Board of Directors so that it would not have a
majority of outside directors.

     POSSIBLE  FUTURE SALES OF SHARES BY BOK FINANCIAL'S  PRINCIPAL  SHAREHOLDER
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF BOK FINANCIAL'S COMMON STOCK.

     Mr. Kaiser has the right to sell shares of BOK Financial's  common stock in
compliance  with the federal  securities laws at any time, or from time to time.
The  federal  securities  laws  will be the only

<PAGE> 12

restrictions on Mr. Kaiser's ability to sell.  Because of his current control of
BOK  Financial,  Mr.  Kaiser  could  sell  large  amounts  of his  shares of BOK
Financial's  common  stock  by  causing  BOK  Financial  to file a  registration
statement  that would allow him to sell shares more  easily.  In  addition,  Mr.
Kaiser  could  sell  his  shares  of  BOK   Financial's   common  stock  without
registration  under Rule 144 of the Securities  Act.  Although BOK Financial can
make no predictions as to the effect,  if any, that such sales would have on the
market price of BOK Financial's  common stock,  sales of substantial  amounts of
BOK  Financial's  common stock,  or the perception  that such sales could occur,
would  adversely  affect  market  prices.  If Mr.  Kaiser sells or transfers his
shares of BOK  Financial's  common  stock as a block,  another  person or entity
could become BOK Financial's controlling shareholder.


ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.


ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES

     BOK Financial and its  subsidiaries own and lease improved real estate that
is carried at $123 million, net of depreciation and amortization.  The Company's
principal  offices are located in leased premises in the Bank of Oklahoma Tower,
Tulsa,  Oklahoma.  Banking  offices are primarily  located in Tulsa and Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma,  Dallas-Forth Worth and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
Denver,  Colorado,  and Phoenix,  Arizona.  Operations facilities are located in
Tulsa,  Oklahoma,  Dallas,  Texas,  and Albuquerque,  New Mexico.  The Company's
facilities are suitable for their respective uses and present needs.

     The  information  set  forth in Notes 6 and 15 of the  2005  Annual  Report
provides further discussion related to properties and is incorporated  herein by
reference.


ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The  information  set  forth  in  Note  15 of the  2005  Annual  Report  is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 4 - SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters  were  submitted  to a vote of  security  holders,  through  the
solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the three months ended December 31,
2005.

<PAGE> 13

                                     PART II

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY,  RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

     BOK  Financial's  $.00006  par value  common  stock is traded on the Nasdaq
Stock Market under the symbol BOKF. As of March 1, 2006, common  shareholders of
record numbered 1,143 with 66,955,508 shares outstanding.

     The highest and lowest closing bid price for shares of BOK Financial common
stock follows:


                 First          Second          Third          Fourth
             --------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------
  2005:
    Low          $39.79          $40.09          $45.26        $43.54
    High          48.97           46.02           49.30         48.53

  2004:
    Low          $37.48          $37.29          $38.95        $44.33
    High          39.91           41.20           45.45         49.18


     The Company had a stock  repurchase  plan that was initially  authorized by
the  Company's  board of  directors  on February 24, 1998 and amended on May 25,
1999.  Under the terms of that plan, the Company could  repurchase up to 800,000
shares of its common stock.  As of March 31, 2005,  the Company had  repurchased
638,642  shares  under that plan.  On April 26,  2005,  the  Company's  board of
directors  terminated  this  authorization  and  replaced  it  with a new  stock
repurchase  plan  authorizing the Company to repurchase up to two million shares
of the  Company's  common  stock.  The  specific  timing  and  amount  of shares
repurchased will vary based upon market  conditions,  securities law limitations
and other factors. Repurchases may be made over time in open market or privately
negotiated transactions. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued
at any time without  prior  notice.  As of December  31,  2005,  the Company had
repurchased 30,000 shares under the new plan for $1.3 million.

     During the second  quarter of 2005,  the board of  directors  approved  the
Company's first quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per common share. The quarterly
cash dividend replaced the annual dividend historically paid in shares of common
stock.  Concurrent  with the  first  quarterly  cash  dividend,  holders  of the
Company's  convertible preferred stock exercised their conversion rights. All of
the Series A Preferred Stock was converted into 6,920,666 common shares. For the
year ended December 31, 2005, the Company's  payout ratio of common dividends to
earnings was 9.91%.

<PAGE> 14

     The following table provides  information with respect to purchases made by
or on behalf of the Company or any  "affiliated  purchaser"  (as defined in Rule
10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), of the Company's common
stock during the three months ended December 31, 2005.

<TABLE>
---------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- ------------------------ ---------------------
                                                                               Total Number of Shares    Maximum Number of
                                                                                Purchased as Part of    Shares that May Yet
                                           Total Number of      Average Price    Publicly Announced      Be Purchased Under
                 Period                  Shares Purchased (1)  Paid per Share    Plans or Programs          the Plans
---------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- ------------------------ ---------------------
<S>                                           <C>                 <C>                  <C>                      <C>
October 1, 2005 to October 31, 2005            13,552              $45.63                 -                   1,970,000
---------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- ------------------------ ---------------------
November 1, 2005 to November 30, 2005          16,989              $47.14                 -                   1,970,000
---------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- ------------------------ ---------------------
December 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005          43,960              $46.64                 -                   1,970,000
---------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- ------------------------ ---------------------
Total                                          74,501                                     -
---------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- ------------------------ ---------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  The Company routinely repurchases mature shares from employees to cover the
     exercise  price  and  taxes  in  connection   with  employee  stock  option
     exercises.

     BOK Financial  entered into a limited  price  guarantee on a portion of the
shares  issued  in the Bank of  Tanglewood  acquisition  on  October  25,  2002.
Additional  discussion of this price  guarantee is  incorporated by reference to
information set forth under the "Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements"  heading within
the  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  section and in Note 16 of the 2005
Annual Report.

     The  information  set forth  under  the  headings  "Table 1 -  Consolidated
Selected  Financial  Data,"  "Table  5 -  Selected  Quarterly  Financial  Data,"
"Borrowings  and Capital," and Note 16 of the 2005 Annual Report is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The  information  set  forth  under  the  heading  "Table 1 -  Consolidated
Selected  Financial  Data" of the 2005 Annual Report is  incorporated  herein by
reference.

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

     The information set forth under the headings  "Management's  Discussion and
Analysis,"  "Annual  Financial  Summary - Unaudited"  and  "Quarterly  Financial
Summary  -  Unaudited"  of the 2005  Annual  Report  is  incorporated  herein by
reference.

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     BOK  Financial  is subject to market risk  primarily  through the effect of
changes  in  interest  rates on both its  assets  held for  purposes  other than
trading  and  trading  assets.  The  effects of other  changes,  such as foreign
exchange rates, commodity prices or equity prices do not pose significant market
risk to BOK Financial.  BOK Financial has no material investments in assets that
are  affected  by changes in foreign  exchange  rates or equity  prices.  Energy
derivative  contracts,  which are affected by changes in commodity  prices,  are
matched  against  offsetting  contracts.  Additional  discussion of this type of
market risk is set forth under the heading "Market Risk" within the Management's
Discussion  and Analysis  section of the 2005 Annual Report and is  incorporated
herein by reference.

     BOK  Financial  is also  exposed to market  risk  related to a stock  price
guarantee agreement made in connection with the Bank of Tanglewood  acquisition.
Additional  information  regarding this risk is set

<PAGE> 15

forth under the "Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements" heading within the Management's
Discussion and Analysis section and in Note 16 of the 2005 Annual Report.

     Additional information regarding market risk is set forth under the "Loans"
heading  within the  Management's  Discussion  and Analysis  section of the 2005
Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference,  including disclosures of
loan   concentrations  by  primary  industry  of  the  borrower  and  geographic
concentrations  of the loan  portfolio.  The  information  set  forth  under the
"Deposits"  heading within the  Management's  Discussion and Analysis section of
the 2005  Annual  Report is also  incorporated  herein by  reference,  including
geographic distribution of deposit accounts.

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The  following   information  set  forth  in  the  2005  Annual  Report  is
incorporated  herein by reference:  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements and
Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  of  BOK  Financial  Corporation,
together  with the  report  thereon of Ernst & Young LLP dated  March 10,  2006,
which appears on page 37 of the 2005 Annual Report,  and the Selected  Quarterly
Financial Data in Table 5.

ITEM 9 -  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     None.

ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     As of the end of the period  covered by this  report and  pursuant  to Rule
13a-15  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934  (the  "Exchange  Act"),  the
Company's management,  including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer,  conducted  an  evaluation  of  the  effectiveness  and  design  of the
Company's  disclosure  controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act).  Based upon that  evaluation,  the
Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  concluded,  as of
the end of the period  covered by this  report,  that the  Company's  disclosure
controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and
reporting  information required to be disclosed by the Company,  within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

     In addition and as of the end of the period  covered by this report,  there
have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule  13a-15(f) and  15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the Company's  fourth
fiscal  quarter  that have  materially  affected,  or are  reasonably  likely to
materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting.

     The Report of Management on Financial Statements and Management's Report on
Internal  Control over Financial  Reporting appear on Page 36 of the 2005 Annual
Report and are  incorporated  herein by reference.  The  independent  registered
public accounting firm, Ernst & Young, LLP, has audited the financial statements
included  in  the  2005  Annual  Report  and  has  issued  an  audit  report  on
management's assessment of the internal control over financial reporting,  which
appears  on Page 38 of the 2005  Annual  Report  and is  incorporated  herein by
reference.

ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION

     None.

<PAGE> 16

                                    PART III

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The  information  set forth under the  headings  "Election  of  Directors,"
"Executive  Compensation"  and  "Risk  Oversight  and  Audit  Committee"  in BOK
Financial's 2006 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

     The  Company has a Code of Ethics  which is  applicable  to all  Directors,
officers and employees of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer and
the Chief  Financial  Officer,  the  principal  executive  officer and principal
financial and  accounting  officer,  respectively.  A copy of the Code of Ethics
will be provided  without charge to any person who requests it by writing to the
Company's headquarters at Bank of Oklahoma Tower, P.O. Box 2300, Tulsa, Oklahoma
74192 or telephoning the Chief Auditor at (918) 588-6000.  The Company will also
make  available  amendments to or waivers from its Code of Ethics  applicable to
Directors or executive  officers,  including the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information set forth under the heading "Executive Compensation" in BOK
Financial's 2006 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12 - SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The information set forth under the headings "Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Election of Directors" in BOK Financial's
2006 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

     The  information  set forth under the  heading  "Equity  Compensation  Plan
Information"  in BOK  Financial's  2006 Annual Proxy  Statement is  incorporated
herein by reference.


ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information set forth under the heading  "Certain  Transactions" in BOK
Financial's 2006 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

     The  information  set  forth  under  Note 14 of the 2005  Annual  Report is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

     The information set forth under the heading "Principal  Accountant Fees and
Services" in BOK Financial's 2006 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated  herein
by reference.

<PAGE> 17

                                     PART IV


ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

     (a) (1) Financial Statements

     The  following  financial   statements  and  reports  are  incorporated  by
reference from the 2005 Annual Report:

                                                                 Exhibit 13
                                                             2005 Annual Report
                  Description                                   Page Number

 Consolidated Selected Financial Data                                       1

 Selected Quarterly Financial Data                                         13

 Report of Management on Financial Statements and
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting          36

 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm             37 - 38

 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003                                          39

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2005 and 2004              40

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003                                          41

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
 for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003                 42 - 43

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                           44 - 75

 Annual Financial Summary - Unaudited                                 76 - 77

 Quarterly Financial Summary - Unaudited                              78 - 79


     (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules

     The  schedules  to  the  consolidated   financial  statements  required  by
Regulation  S-X  are  not  required  under  the  related   instructions  or  are
inapplicable and are therefore omitted.

<PAGE> 18

     (a) (3) Exhibits

Exhibit Number            Description of Exhibit

          3.0  The Articles of Incorporation  of BOK Financial,  incorporated by
               reference   to  (i)   Amended   and   Restated   Certificate   of
               Incorporation of BOK Financial filed with the Oklahoma  Secretary
               of  State  on  May  28,  1991,   filed  as  Exhibit  3.0  to  S-1
               Registration  Statement No. 33-90450, and (ii) Amendment attached
               as Exhibit A to Information  Statement and Prospectus  Supplement
               filed November 20, 1991.

          3.1  Bylaws of BOK Financial, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1
               of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

          4.0  The rights of the holders of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock
               of  BOK   Financial   are  set  forth  in  its   Certificate   of
               Incorporation.

          10.0 Purchase and Sale  Agreement  dated  October 25, 1990,  among BOK
               Financial,  Kaiser,  and the FDIC,  incorporated  by reference to
               Exhibit 2.0 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

          10.1 Amendment  to Purchase  and Sale  Agreement  effective  March 29,
               1991, among BOK Financial,  Kaiser, and the FDIC, incorporated by
               reference  to  Exhibit  2.2 of  S-1  Registration  Statement  No.
               33-90450

          10.2 Letter  agreement  dated  April 12,  1991,  among BOK  Financial,
               Kaiser, and the FDIC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 of
               S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

          10.3 Second  Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement  effective April
               15, 1991, among BOK Financial, Kaiser, and the FDIC, incorporated
               by reference  to Exhibit 2.4 of S-1  Registration  Statement  No.
               33-90450.

          10.4 Employment and Compensation Agreements.

          10.4(a)  Employment  Agreement  between BOK  Financial  and Stanley A.
               Lybarger,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.4(a) of Form
               10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991.

          10.4(b) Amendment to 1991 Employment  Agreement  between BOK Financial
               and Stanley A.  Lybarger,  incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit
               10.4(b) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.

          10.4(c) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation  Agreement (Amended
               as of  September  1, 2003)  between  Stanley A.  Lybarger and BOK
               Financial Corporation,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
               (c) of Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003.

          10.4 (d) 409A  Deferred  Compensation  Agreement  between  Stanley  A.
               Lybarger and BOK Financial  Corporation  dated December 31, 2004,
               incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.4 (d) of Form 8-K filed
               on January 5, 2005.

          10.4 (e) Guaranty by George B. Kaiser in favor of Stanley A.  Lybarger
               dated March 7, 2005,  incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.4
               (e) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

<PAGE> 19

          10.4.1(a)  Employee  Agreement  between  BOK  Financial  and V.  Burns
               Hargis,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.4.1(a) of Form
               10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

          10.4.1(b) Amendment to Employee Agreement between BOK Financial and V.
               Burns Hargis,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.4.1(b) of
               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

          10.4.2 Amended and Restated Deferred  Compensation  Agreement (Amended
               as of  December  1,  2003)  between  Steven G.  Bradshaw  and BOK
               Financial  Corporation,  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit
               10.4.2 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

          10.4.2 (a) 409A  Deferred  Compensation  Agreement  between  Steven G.
               Bradshaw and BOK Financial  Corporation  dated December 31, 2004,
               incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.2 (a) of Form 8-K filed
               on January 5, 2005.

          10.4.2 (b)  Employment  Agreement  between BOK Financial and Steven G.
               Bradshaw dated  September 29, 2003,  incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit  10.4.2  (b) of Form  10-K  for  the  fiscal  year  ended
               December 31, 2004.

          10.4.3 Amended and Restated Deferred  Compensation  Agreement (Amended
               as of December 1, 2003) between  William  Jeffrey Pickryl and BOK
               Financial  Corporation,  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit
               10.4.3 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

          10.4.3  (a)  409A  Deferred  Compensation  Agreement  between  William
               Jeffrey Pickryl and BOK Financial  Corporation dated December 31,
               2004, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.3 (a) of Form 8-K
               filed on January 5, 2005.

          10.4.3 (b) Employment  Agreement  between BOK Financial and W. Jeffrey
               Pickryl dated  September 29, 2003,  incorporated  by reference to
               Exhibit  10.4.3  (b) of Form  10-K  for  the  fiscal  year  ended
               December 31, 2004.

          10.4.3 (c) Amendment to Employment Agreement between BOK Financial and
               W.  Jeffrey  Pickryl  dated  August  30,  2004,  incorporated  by
               reference to Exhibit  10.4.3 (c) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year
               ended December 31, 2004.

          10.4.3 (d) Supplemental  Executive Income Agreement dated December 20,
               2005 between W. Jeffrey  Pickryl and BOK  Financial  Corporation,
               incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99 (a) of Form 8-K filed on
               December 22, 2005.

          10.4.4 Amended and Restated  Employment  Agreement (Amended as of June
               14, 2002) among First National Bank of Park Cities, BOK Financial
               Corporation and C. Fred Ball,  Jr.,  incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit  10.4.4 of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December
               31, 2003.

          10.4.5 409A Deferred Compensation  Agreement between Daniel H. Ellinor
               and  BOK   Financial   Corporation   dated   December  31,  2004,
               incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4.5 of Form 8-K filed on
               January 5, 2005.

          10.4.5 (a)  Employment  Agreement  between  BOK  Financial  and Dan H.
               Ellinor  dated  August 29,  2003,  incorporated  by  reference to
               Exhibit  10.4.5  (a) of Form  10-K  for  the  fiscal  year  ended
               December 31, 2004.

<PAGE> 20

          10.4.5 (b) Deferred  Compensation  Agreement  dated  November 28, 2003
               between   Daniel  H.  Ellinor  and  BOK  Financial   Corporation,
               incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4.5 (b) of Form 10-K for
               the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

          10.4.6 409A Deferred Compensation  Agreement between Mark W. Funke and
               BOK Financial  Corporation dated December 31, 2004,  incorporated
               by  reference  to Exhibit  10.4.6 of Form 8-K filed on January 5,
               2005.

          10.4.6  (a)  Amended  and  Restated  Deferred  Compensation  Agreement
               (Amended as of December  1, 2003)  between  Mark W. Funke and BOK
               Financial  Corporation,  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit
               10.4.6 (a) of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,
               2004.

          10.4.7 409A Deferred Compensation Agreement between Steven E. Nell and
               BOK Financial  Corporation dated December 31, 2004,  incorporated
               by  reference  to Exhibit  10.4.7 of Form 8-K filed on January 5,
               2005.

          10.4.7  (a)  Amended  and  Restated  Deferred  Compensation  Agreement
               (Amended as of December 1, 2003)  between  Steven E. Nell and BOK
               Financial  Corporation,  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit
               10.4.7 (a) of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,
               2004.

          10.4.8 Employment Agreement dated August 1, 2005 between BOK Financial
               Corporation  and Donald T. Parker,  incorporated  by reference to
               Exhibit 99 (a) of Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2006.

          10.5 Director  indemnification  agreement dated June 30, 1987, between
               BOk and Kaiser,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of S-1
               Registration   Statement  No.  33-90450.   Substantially  similar
               director indemnification agreements were executed between BOk and
               the following:
                                                  Date of Agreement

                   James E. Barnes                  June 30, 1987
                   William H. Bell                  June 30, 1987
                   James S. Boese                   June 30, 1987
                   Dennis L. Brand                  June 30, 1987
                   Chester E. Cadieux               June 30, 1987
                   William B. Cleary                June 30, 1987
                   Glenn A. Cox                     June 30, 1987
                   William E. Durrett               June 30, 1987
                   Leonard J. Eaton, Jr.            June 30, 1987
                   William B. Fader                 December 5, 1990
                   Gregory J. Flanagan              June 30, 1987
                   Jerry L. Goodman                 June 30, 1987
                   David A. Hentschel               July 7, 1987
                   Philip N. Hughes                 July 8, 1987
                   Thomas J. Hughes, III            June 30, 1987
                   William G. Kerr                  June 30, 1987
                   Philip C. Lauinger, Jr.          June 30, 1987
                   Stanley A. Lybarger              December 5, 1990
                   Patricia McGee Maino             June 30, 1987
                   Robert L. Parker, Sr.            June 30, 1987
                   James A. Robinson                June 30, 1987
                   William P. Sweich                June 30, 1987

<PAGE> 21

          10.6 Capitalization  and Stock Purchase  Agreement dated May 20, 1991,
               between BOK  Financial and Kaiser,  incorporated  by reference to
               Exhibit 10.6 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

          10.7.3 BOK Financial Corporation 1994 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated
               by reference  to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8  Registration  Statement  No.
               33-79834.

          10.7.4 BOK Financial Corporation 1994 Stock Option Plan (Typographical
               Error Corrected  January 16, 1995),  incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit  10.7.4 of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December
               31, 1994.

          10.7.5 BOK Financial Corporation 1997 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated
               by reference  to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8  Registration  Statement  No.
               333-32649.

          10.7.6 BOK Financial Corporation 2000 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated
               by reference  to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8  Registration  Statement  No.
               333-93957.

          10.7.7 BOK Financial Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated
               by reference  to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8  Registration  Statement  No.
               333-62578.

          10.7.8 BOK Financial  Corporation  Directors' Stock Compensation Plan,
               incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.0 of S-8  Registration
               Statement No. 33-79836.

          10.7.9 Bank of Oklahoma Thrift Plan (Amended and Restated Effective as
               of January 1, 1995),  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.6
               of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994.

          10.7.10 Trust Agreement for the Bank of Oklahoma Thrift Plan (December
               30, 1994),  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.7.7 of Form
               10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994.

          10.7.11 BOK Financial Corporation 2003 Stock Option Plan, incorporated
               by reference  to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8  Registration  Statement  No.
               333-106531.

          10.7.12 BOK  Financial  Corporation  2003  Executive  Incentive  Plan,
               incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.0 of S-8  Registration
               Statement No. 333-106530.

          10.8 Lease Agreement between One Williams Center Co. and National Bank
               of Tulsa  (predecessor to BOk) dated June 18, 1974,  incorporated
               by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of S-1  Registration  Statement  No.
               33-90450.

          10.9 Lease Agreement between Security Capital Real Estate Fund and BOk
               dated January 1, 1988, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10
               of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

          10.10Asset Purchase  Agreement (OREO and other assets) between BOk and
               Phi-Lea-Em  Corporation  dated April 30,  1991,  incorporated  by
               reference  to Exhibit  10.11 of S-1  Registration  Statement  No.
               33-90450.

          10.11Asset Purchase  Agreement  (Tanker  Assets) between BOk and Green
               River Exploration  Company dated April 30, 1991,  incorporated by
               reference  to Exhibit  10.12 of S-1  Registration  Statement  No.
               33-90450.

<PAGE> 22

          10.12Asset  Purchase  Agreement  (Recovery  Rights)  between  BOk  and
               Kaiser dated April 30, 1991, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.13 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

          10.13Purchase  and  Assumption  Agreement  dated  August 7, 1992 among
               First Gibraltar Bank, FSB, Fourth Financial  Corporation and BOk,
               as amended,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.14 of Form
               10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

          10.13.1  Allocation  Agreement  dated  August 7, 1992  between BOk and
               Fourth  Financial  Corporation,   incorporated  by  reference  to
               Exhibit  10.14.1 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  December
               31, 1992.

          10.14Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial,  BOKF Merger  Corporation
               Number Two,  Brookside  Bancshares,  Inc.,  The  Shareholders  of
               Brookside  Bancshares,   Inc.  and  Brookside  State  Bank  dated
               December  22,  1992,  as amended,  incorporated  by  reference to
               Exhibit 10.15 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
               1992.

          10.14.1 Agreement to Merge between BOk and Brookside  State Bank dated
               January 27, 1993, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.1 of
               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

          10.15Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial,  BOKF Merger  Corporation
               Number Three, Sand Springs Bancshares,  Inc., The Shareholders of
               Sand Springs  Bancshares,  Inc. and Sand Springs State Bank dated
               December  22,  1992,  as amended,  incorporated  by  reference to
               Exhibit 10.16 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
               1992.

          10.15.1  Agreement to Merge  between BOk and Sand  Springs  State Bank
               dated  January 27,  1993,  incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit
               10.16.1 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

          10.16Partnership Agreement between  Kaiser-Francis Oil Company and BOK
               Financial  dated December 1, 1992,  incorporated  by reference to
               Exhibit 10.16 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
               1993.

          10.16.1 Amendment to Partnership Agreement between  Kaiser-Francis Oil
               Company and BOK  Financial  dated May 17, 1993,  incorporated  by
               reference  to Exhibit  10.16.1  of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year
               ended December 31, 1993.

          10.17Purchase and Assumption  Agreement between BOk and FDIC, Receiver
               of Heartland  Federal Savings and Loan Association  dated October
               9, 1993,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Form 10-K
               for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

          10.18Merger   Agreement   among  BOk,  Plaza  National  Bank  and  The
               Shareholders  of Plaza  National  Bank dated  December  20, 1993,
               incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.18 of Form 10-K for the
               fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

          10.18.1 Amendment to Merger  Agreement  among BOk, Plaza National Bank
               and The  Shareholders  of Plaza  National  Bank dated January 14,
               1994,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.18.1 of Form 10-K
               for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

<PAGE> 23

          10.19Stock Purchase  Agreement  between Texas Commerce Bank,  National
               Association  and  BOk  dated  March  11,  1994,  incorporated  by
               reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
               December 31, 1993.

          10.20Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial  Corporation,  BOKF Merger
               Corporation  Number  Four,  Citizens  Holding  Company and others
               dated May 11, 1994, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of
               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

          10.21Stock  Purchase  and Merger  Agreement  among  Northwest  Bank of
               Enid,  BOk  and  The  Shareholders  of  Northwest  Bank  of  Enid
               effective  as of May  16,  1994,  incorporated  by  reference  to
               Exhibit 10.21 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
               1994.

          10.22Agreement  and Plan of Merger  among BOK  Financial  Corporation,
               BOKF Merger  Corporation  Number Five and Park Cities Bancshares,
               Inc. dated October 3, 1996,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               C of S-4 Registration Statement No. 333-16337.

          10.23Agreement and Plan of Merger among BOK Financial  Corporation and
               First  TexCorp.,  Inc. dated December 18, 1996,  incorporated  by
               reference  to Exhibit  10.24 of S-4  Registration  Statement  No.
               333-16337.

          10.24Purchase  and  Assumption   Agreement  between  Bank  of  America
               National  Trust  and  Savings   Association   and  BOK  Financial
               Corporation dated July 27, 1998.

          10.25Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial  Corporation,  BOKF Merger
               Corporation No. Seven, First Bancshares of Muskogee,  Inc., First
               National  Bank  and  Trust  Company  of  Muskogee,   and  Certain
               Shareholders of First Bancshares of Muskogee, Inc. dated December
               30, 1998.

          10.26Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial  Corporation,  BOKF Merger
               Corporation  Number Nine,  and Chaparral  Bancshares,  Inc. dated
               February 19, 1999.

          10.27Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial  Corporation,  Park Cities
               Bancshares,  Inc.,  Mid-Cities  Bancshares,  Inc. and  Mid-Cities
               National Bank dated February 24, 1999.

          10.28Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial  Corporation,  Park Cities
               Bancshares,  Inc., PC Interim State Bank, Swiss Avenue State Bank
               and Certain  Shareholders  of Swiss Avenue State Bank dated March
               4, 1999.

          10.29Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial  Corporation,  Park Cities
               Bancshares, Inc. and CNBT Bancshares, Inc. dated August 18, 2000,
               incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.29 of Form 10-K for the
               fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

          10.30Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   Bank  of
               Tanglewood,  N.A.  and TW Interim  Bank dated  October 25,  2002,
               incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  2.0 of S-4  Registration
               Statement No. 333-98685.

<PAGE> 24

          10.31Remote  Outsourcing  Services Agreement between Bank of Oklahoma,
               N.A. and Alltel  Information  Services,  Inc., dated September 1,
               2002, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the September
               30, 2002 10-Q filed on November 13, 2002.

          10.32Merger  Agreement  among BOK Financial  Corporation,  BOKF Merger
               Corporation  Number Eleven,  Colorado Funding  Company,  Colorado
               State Bank and Trust and Certain Shareholders of Colorado Funding
               Company dated July 8, 2003,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.32 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

          10.33Merger Agreement between BOK Financial  Corporation,  BOKF Merger
               Corporation  Number  Eight,  Valley  Commerce  Bank,  and  Valley
               Commerce Bancorp,  Ltd. dated December 20, 2004,  incorporated by
               reference  to Exhibit  10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 22,
               2004.

          13.0 Annual Report to Shareholders  for the fiscal year ended December
               31, 2005.  Such report,  except for those portions  thereof which
               are  expressly  incorporated  by  reference  in this  filing,  is
               furnished for the information of the Commission and is not deemed
               to be "filed" as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

          21.0 Subsidiaries of BOK Financial, filed herewith.

          23.0 Consent of independent  registered public accounting firm - Ernst
               & Young LLP, filed herewith.

          31.1 Certification of Chief Executive  Officer Pursuant to Section 302
               of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

          31.2 Certification of Chief Financial  Officer Pursuant to Section 302
               of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

          32   Certification  of Chief  Executive  Officer  and Chief  Financial
               Officer  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant
               to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

          99.0 Additional Exhibits.

          99   (a) Credit Agreement dated December 2, 2005 between BOK Financial
               Corporation and participating lenders,  incorporated by reference
               to Exhibit 99 (a) of Form 8-K filed December 6, 2005.

          99.1 Undertakings  incorporated  by  reference  into S-8  Registration
               Statement  No.  33-44121 for Bank of Oklahoma  Master Thrift Plan
               and Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Form 10-K
               for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

          99.5 Undertakings  incorporated  by  reference  into S-8  Registration
               Statement No. 33-79834 for BOK Financial  Corporation  1994 Stock
               Option  Plan,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of Form
               10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

<PAGE> 25

          99.6 Undertakings  incorporated  by  reference  into S-8  Registration
               Statement No. 33-79836 for BOK Financial  Corporation  Directors'
               Stock  Compensation  Plan,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
               99.6 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

          99.7 Undertakings  incorporated  by  reference  into S-8  Registration
               Statement No. 333-32649 for BOK Financial  Corporation 1997 Stock
               Option  Plan,  Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.7 of Form
               10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997.

          99.8 Undertakings  incorporated  by  reference  into S-8  Registration
               Statement No. 333-93957 for BOK Financial  Corporation 2000 Stock
               Option  Plan,  Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.8 of Form
               10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.

          99.9 Undertakings  incorporated  by  reference  into S-8  Registration
               Statement No. 333-40280 for BOK Financial Corporation Thrift Plan
               for Hourly  Employees,  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.9
               of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.


     (b) Exhibits

         See Item 15 (a) (3) above.


     (c) Financial Statement Schedules

         See Item 15 (a) (2) above.

<PAGE> 26

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                        BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION


DATE:  March 15, 2006                   BY:   /s/ George B. Kaiser
      ------------------------------       -------------------------------------
                                           George B. Kaiser
                                           Chairman of the Board of Directors

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below on March 15, 2006, by the  following  persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities indicated.

                                    OFFICERS


   /s/ George B. Kaiser                      /s/ Stanley A. Lybarger
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
George B. Kaiser                           Stanley A. Lybarger
Chairman of the Board of Directors         Director, President and Chief
                                           Executive Officer


   /s/ Steven E. Nell                        /s/ John C. Morrow
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
Steven E. Nell                             John C. Morrow
Executive Vice President and               Senior Vice President and Director of
Chief Financial Officer                    Financial Accounting and Reporting


                                    DIRECTORS


/s/ Gregory S. Allen                       /s/ V. Burns Hargis
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
Gregory S. Allen                           V. Burns Hargis

/s/ C. F. Ball, Jr.                        /s/ E. Carey Joullian, IV
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
C. Fred Ball, Jr.                          E. Carey Joullian, IV

/s/ Sharon J. Bell                         /s/ Judith Z. Kishner
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
Sharon J. Bell                             Judith Z. Kishner

                                           /s/ David L. Kyle
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
Peter C. Boylan, III                       David L. Kyle

/s/ Chester Cadieux, III                   /s/ Robert J. LaFortune
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
Chester Cadieux, III                       Robert J. LaFortune

/s/ Joseph E. Cappy                        /s/ Steven J. Malcolm
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
Joseph E. Cappy                            Steven J. Malcolm

                                           /s/ Paula Marshall-Chapman
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
William E. Durrett                         Paula Marshall-Chapman

/s/ Robert G. Greer                        /s/ James A. Robinson
-------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
Robert G. Greer                            James A. Robinson

/s/ David F. Griffin
-------------------------------------
David F. Griffin
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
