<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tenk2007.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED 12/31/07
<TEXT>
    As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2008
===============================================================================

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
          (Mark One)

|X|    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
       ACT OF 1934

         For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007

                                       OR

|_|    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

         For the transition period from _____________ to ______________

                           Commission File No. 0-19341

                            BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


          Oklahoma                                       73-1373454
(State or other jurisdiction of              (IRS Employer Identification No.)
 incorporation or organization)

    Bank of Oklahoma Tower
         P.O. Box 2300
         Tulsa, Oklahoma                                   74192
(Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip code)

                                 (918) 588-6000
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: None

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act:
                        Common stock, $0.00006 par value

     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes |X| No |_|

     Indicate by check mark if the  registrant  is not  required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes |_| No |X|

     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |X| No |_|

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |_|

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large  accelerated  filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange  Act.  (Check
one):
Large accelerated filer |X|  Accelerated  filer |_|  Non-accelerated  filer|_|

     Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is a shell  company  (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes |_| No |X|

     The  aggregate  market  value of the  registrant's  common  stock  ("Common
Stock") held by  non-affiliates  is approximately  $1,175,155,864  (based on the
June 30, 2007 closing price of Common Stock of $53.42 per share).  As of January
31, 2008, there were 67,387,053 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Part  III   incorporates   certain   information   by  reference  from  the
Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

===============================================================================
<PAGE>

<PAGE>
                            BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                                      INDEX
ITEM                                                                PAGE

                                     PART I
1.  Business                                                            1

1A. Risk Factors                                                        6

1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                                           8

2.  Properties                                                          8

3.  Legal Proceedings                                                   9

4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                 9

                                     PART II

5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
    Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                   9

6.  Selected Financial Data                                            10

7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operations                                          11

7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk         50

8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                        52

9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
    and Financial Disclosure                                          106

9A. Controls and Procedures                                           106

9B. Other Information                                                 106

                                    PART III

10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance            107

11. Executive Compensation                                            107

12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
    Management and Related Stockholder Matters                        107

13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
    Independence                                                      107

14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services                            107

                                     PART IV

15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules                           107

    Signatures                                                        114

    Chief Executive Officer Section 302 Certification, Exhibit 31.1   116

    Chief Financial Officer Section 302 Certification, Exhibit 31.2   117

    Section 906 Certifications, Exhibit 32                            118

<PAGE>

<PAGE> 1

                                     PART I
ITEM 1.   BUSINESS

                                     General

Developments  relating to  individual  aspects of the business of BOK  Financial
Corporation  ("BOK Financial" or "the Company") are described below.  Additional
discussion of the Company's  activities  during the current year appears  within
Item 7 "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations."  Information regarding BOK Financial's acquisitions is set forth
in Note 2 of the Company's Notes to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  which
appear elsewhere herein.

                             Description of Business

BOK Financial is a financial holding company whose activities are limited by the
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 ("BHCA"),  as amended by the Financial Services
Modernization Act or  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act. BOK Financial offers full service
banking in Oklahoma,  Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston,  Texas,  Albuquerque,  New
Mexico, Northwest Arkansas, Denver, Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona, and Kansas City,
Missouri / Kansas.  Principal  subsidiaries are Bank of Oklahoma,  N.A. ("BOk"),
Bank of Texas, N.A., Bank of Albuquerque, N.A., Bank of Arkansas, N.A., Colorado
State Bank and Trust, N.A., Bank of Arizona, N.A., and Bank of Kansas City, N.A.
(collectively,   the  "Banks").   Other  subsidiaries   include  BOSC,  Inc.,  a
broker/dealer  that  engages in retail and  institutional  securities  sales and
municipal bond underwriting.  Other non-bank subsidiary operations do not have a
significant effect on BOKF financial statements.

Our overall  strategic  objective is to emphasize  growth in long-term  value by
building on our leadership  position in Oklahoma and expanding into  high-growth
markets.  We have a solid  position  in  Oklahoma  and are the  state's  largest
financial  institution as measured by deposit market share.  Since 1997, we have
expanded into Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston,  Texas,  Albuquerque,  New Mexico,
Denver, Colorado,  Phoenix,  Arizona, and Kansas City, Missouri / Kansas. We are
currently exploring opportunities for further growth in our regional markets and
expansion into new markets through acquisitions or de novo banking operations.

Our  primary  focus is to  provide  a broad  range  of  financial  products  and
services,  including  loans and deposits,  cash management  services,  fiduciary
services,  mortgage  banking and brokerage and trading services to middle-market
businesses,  financial  institutions  and  consumers.  Our  revenue  sources are
diversified. Approximately 42% of our revenue comes from commissions and fees.

Commercial  banking is a significant  part of our business.  Our credit  culture
emphasizes  building  relationships by making high quality loans and providing a
full range of  financial  products  and  services to our  customers.  Our energy
financing  expertise enables us to offer commodity  derivatives for customers to
use in their risk management and positioning activities.

Our acquisition  strategy targets quality  organizations  that have demonstrated
solid growth in their business lines. We provide additional growth opportunities
by hiring talent to enhance  competitiveness,  adding locations,  and broadening
product  offerings.  Our operating  philosophy  embraces  local  decision-making
through the boards of directors for each of our bank subsidiaries.

BOK  Financial's  corporate  headquarters  is located at Bank of Oklahoma Tower,
P.O. Box 2300, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74192.

The  Company's  Annual  Reports  on Form 10-K,  Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available on the
Company's  website at www.bokf.com as soon as reasonably  practicable  after the
Company  electronically  files  such  material  with  or  furnishes  it  to  the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

                               Operating Segments

BOK Financial  operates five  principal  lines of business:  Oklahoma  corporate
banking,  Oklahoma consumer banking,  mortgage banking,  wealth management,  and
regional  banking.  Mortgage  banking  activities  include loan  origination and
servicing across all markets served by the Company.  Wealth management  provides
brokerage  and  trading,  private  financial  services and  investment  advisory
services in all markets.  Wealth management also provides  fiduciary services in
all markets  except  Colorado.  Fiduciary  services in Colorado  are included in
regional banking.  Regional banking consists primarily of corporate and consumer
banking  activities  in  the  respective  local  markets.  Discussion  of  these
principal  lines of business  appears  within the Lines of  Business  section of
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations" and within Note 18 of the Company's Notes to Consolidated  Financial
Statements, both of which appear elsewhere herein.

                                   Competition

BOK  Financial and its operating  segments  face  competition  from other banks,
thrifts,  credit  unions  and other  non-bank  financial  institutions,  such as
investment banking firms, investment advisory firms, brokerage firms, investment
companies,  government agencies,  mortgage brokers and insurance companies.  The
Company  competes largely on the basis of customer  services,  interest rates on
loans and deposits,  lending  limits and customer  convenience.  Some  operating
segments face competition from institutions that are not as closely regulated as
banks, and therefore are not limited by the same capital requirements and other

<PAGE> 2

restrictions.  All market share information  presented below is based upon share
of deposits in specified  areas  according to SNL  DataSource as of December 31,
2007.

BOk is the  largest  banking  subsidiary  of BOK  Financial  and has the largest
market share in Oklahoma  with 12% of the state's total  deposits.  In the Tulsa
and Oklahoma City areas,  BOk has 26% and 9% of the market share,  respectively.
BOk competes  with two banks that have  operations  nationwide  and have greater
access to funds at lower costs,  higher  lending  limits,  and greater access to
technology resources. BOk also competes with regional and locally owned banks in
both the Tulsa and Oklahoma City areas,  as well as in every other  community in
which we do business throughout the state.

Through other subsidiary banks, BOK Financial competes in Dallas, Fort Worth and
Houston, Texas,  Albuquerque,  New Mexico, Denver, Colorado,  Phoenix,  Arizona,
Northwest  Arkansas,  and Kansas City, Missouri / Kansas. Bank of Texas competes
against numerous  financial  institutions,  including some of the largest in the
United States,  and has a market share of approximately  2% in the Dallas,  Fort
Worth area and 1% in the Houston  area.  Bank of  Albuquerque  has a number four
market share position with 12% of deposits in the Albuquerque  area and competes
with two large national  banks,  some regional  banks and several  locally-owned
smaller  community  banks.  Colorado  State Bank and Trust has a market share of
approximately  2% in the Denver  area.  Bank of Arizona  operates as a community
bank with locations in Phoenix,  Scottsdale and Tucson.  Bank of Arkansas serves
Benton and Washington  counties in Arkansas,  and Bank of Kansas City serves the
Kansas City  market.  The  Company's  ability to expand into  additional  states
remains subject to various federal and state laws.

                                    Employees

As of December 31, 2007,  BOK  Financial  and its  subsidiaries  employed  4,110
full-time equivalent employees.  None of the Company's employees are represented
by collective bargaining agreements. Management considers its employee relations
to be good.

                           Supervision and Regulation

BOK Financial and its  subsidiaries are subject to extensive  regulations  under
federal and state laws.  These  regulations are designed to protect  depositors,
the Bank Insurance Fund and the banking system as a whole and not necessarily to
protect  shareholders and creditors.  As detailed below,  these  regulations may
restrict the Company's ability to diversify,  to acquire other  institutions and
to pay  dividends  on its  capital  stock.  They also may require the Company to
provide financial support to its subsidiaries, maintain certain capital balances
and pay higher deposit insurance premiums.

Proposals  to change laws and  regulations  governing  the banking  industry are
frequently  introduced in Congress,  in the state  legislatures  and before bank
regulatory  agencies.  The  likelihood  and  timing  of  any  new  proposals  or
legislation  and the impact they might have on the Company and its  subsidiaries
cannot be predicted at this time.

The following  information  summarizes  certain laws and regulations that affect
the Company's  operations.  It does not discuss all provisions of these laws and
regulations and it does not summarize all laws and  regulations  that affect the
Company.

General

As a financial holding company, BOK Financial is regulated under the BHCA and is
subject to  regular  inspection,  examination  and  supervision  by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board"). Under the
BHCA,  BOK Financial  files  quarterly  reports and other  information  with the
Federal Reserve Board.

The Banks are  organized  as national  banking  associations  under the National
Banking Act, and are subject to regulation,  supervision  and examination by the
Office of the  Comptroller  of the  Currency  (the "OCC"),  the Federal  Deposit
Insurance  Corporation (the "FDIC"), the Federal Reserve Board and other federal
and state regulatory  agencies.  The OCC has primary supervisory  responsibility
for national  banks and must approve  certain  corporate or structural  changes,
including changes in  capitalization,  payment of dividends,  change of place of
business,  and  establishment  of a  branch  or  operating  subsidiary.  The OCC
performs its functions  through national bank examiners who provide the OCC with
information  concerning  the  soundness  of a  national  bank,  the  quality  of
management  and directors,  and  compliance  with  applicable  regulations.  The
National  Banking Act authorizes the OCC to examine every national bank as often
as necessary.

A financial holding company,  and the companies under its control, are permitted
to engage in  activities  considered  "financial  in  nature"  as defined by the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and Federal Reserve Board interpretations,  and therefore
may engage in a broader  range of  activities  than  permitted  for bank holding
companies  and their  subsidiaries.  Activities  that are  "financial in nature"
include securities underwriting and dealing, insurance underwriting, operating a
mortgage company,  credit card company or factoring company,  performing certain
data  processing  operations,  servicing  loans and other  extensions of credit,
providing investment and financial advice, owning and operating savings and loan
associations,  and leasing  personal  property on a full pay-out,  non-operating
basis.  In order for a financial  holding  company to commence  any new activity
permitted by the BHCA,  each insured  depository  institution  subsidiary of the
financial  holding company must have received a rating of at least  satisfactory
in its most recent examination under the Community Reinvestment Act. A financial
holding  company is required to notify the Federal  Reserve  Board within thirty
days of engaging in new  activities  determined to be "financial in nature." BOK
Financial  is engaged in some of these  activities  and has notified the Federal
Reserve Board.

<PAGE> 3

The BHCA requires the Federal  Reserve  Board's prior approval for the direct or
indirect  acquisition  of more than five percent of any class of voting stock of
any  non-affiliated  bank. Under the Federal Bank Merger Act, the prior approval
of the OCC is  required  for a  national  bank to  merge  with  another  bank or
purchase  the  assets or assume  the  deposits  of another  bank.  In  reviewing
applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition  transactions,  the bank
regulatory authorities consider,  among other things, the competitive effect and
public  benefits  of the  transactions,  the capital  position  of the  combined
organization,   the   applicant's   performance   record  under  the   Community
Reinvestment  Act and fair  housing  laws and the  effectiveness  of the subject
organizations in combating money laundering activities.

A financial  holding company and its  subsidiaries are prohibited under the BHCA
from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with the provision of
any credit,  property or services.  Thus, a  subsidiary  of a financial  holding
company may not extend credit,  lease or sell property,  furnish any services or
fix or vary the consideration for these activities on the condition that (1) the
customer obtain or provide  additional  credit,  property or services from or to
the financial holding company or any subsidiary thereof, or (2) the customer may
not obtain some other credit, property or services from a competitor,  except to
the extent  reasonable  conditions are imposed to insure the soundness of credit
extended.

The Banks and other non-bank  subsidiaries are also subject to other federal and
state laws and regulations. For example, BOSC, Inc., the Company's broker/dealer
subsidiary  that  engages  in  retail  and  institutional  securities  sales and
municipal  bond  underwriting,  is  regulated  by the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission,  the Financial Industry  Regulatory  Authority (FINRA),  the Federal
Reserve Board, and state  securities  regulators.  As another  example,  Bank of
Arkansas  is subject to certain  consumer-protection  laws  incorporated  in the
Arkansas  Constitution,  which,  among  other  restrictions,  limit the  maximum
interest  rate on  general  loans to five  percent  above  the  Federal  Reserve
Discount Rate and limit the rate on consumer  loans to the lower of five percent
above the discount rate or seventeen percent.

Capital Adequacy and Prompt Corrective Action

The  Federal  Reserve  Board,  the OCC and the FDIC  have  issued  substantially
similar risk-based and leverage capital  guidelines  applicable to United States
banking  organizations  to ensure capital adequacy based upon the risk levels of
assets  and  off-balance  sheet  financial  instruments.   In  addition,   these
regulatory  agencies may from time to time  require that a banking  organization
maintain  capital  above the minimum  levels,  whether  because of its financial
condition or actual or  anticipated  growth.  Capital  adequacy  guidelines  and
prompt corrective action regulations  involve  quantitative  measures of assets,
liabilities,  and certain  off-balance  sheet items  calculated under regulatory
accounting  practices.  Capital amounts and  classifications are also subject to
qualitative  judgments by regulators  regarding  components,  risk weighting and
other factors.

The Federal  Reserve Board  risk-based  guidelines  define a three-tier  capital
framework.  Core  capital  (Tier 1)  includes  common  shareholders'  equity and
qualifying  preferred  stock,  less goodwill,  most intangible  assets and other
adjustments.  Supplementary  capital  (Tier 2) consists of  preferred  stock not
qualifying as Tier 1 capital,  qualifying mandatory convertible debt securities,
limited amounts of subordinated  debt, other qualifying term debt and allowances
for credit losses, subject to limitations. Market risk capital (Tier 3) includes
qualifying  unsecured  subordinated debt. Assets and off-balance sheet exposures
are assigned to one of four  categories of  risk-weights,  based  primarily upon
relative credit risk.  Risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing Tier
1 and total capital by risk-weighted assets. For a depository  institution to be
considered well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action,  the  institution's  Tier 1 and total capital ratios must be at least 6%
and 10% on a  risk-adjusted  basis,  respectively.  As of December 31, 2007, BOK
Financial's  Tier 1 and total capital ratios under these  guidelines  were 9.38%
and 12.54%, respectively.

The leverage ratio is determined by dividing Tier 1 capital by adjusted  average
total assets. Banking organizations are required to maintain a ratio of at least
5% to be classified  as well  capitalized.  BOK  Financial's  leverage  ratio at
December 31, 2007 was 8.20%.

The  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation   Improvement  Act  of  1991  (the
"FDICIA"),  among other things,  identifies five capital  categories for insured
depository institutions from well capitalized to critically undercapitalized and
requires the respective  federal  regulatory  agencies to implement  systems for
prompt  corrective  action  for  institutions  failing to meet  minimum  capital
requirements   within  such  categories.   FDICIA  imposes   progressively  more
restrictive  covenants  on  operations,  management  and capital  distributions,
depending upon the category in which an institution is classified.

The various regulatory agencies have adopted  substantially  similar regulations
that define the five capital  categories  identified by FDICIA,  using the total
risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital and leverage capital ratios as the
relevant  capital  measures.  Such  regulations  establish  various  degrees  of
corrective   action   to  be   taken   when   an   institution   is   considered
undercapitalized.  Under these guidelines, each of the Banks was considered well
capitalized as of December 31, 2007.

The federal regulatory authorities' risk-based capital guidelines are based upon
the 1988 capital accord of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the
"BIS"). The BIS is a committee of central banks and bank supervisors/regulators
from the major industrialized countries that develops broad policy guidelines
for use by each country's supervisors in determining the supervisory policies
they apply. In 2004, the BIS published a new capital accord to replace its 1988
capital accord, with an update in November 2005 ("Basel II"). Basel II provides
two approaches for setting capital standards for credit risk -- an internal
ratings-based approach tailored to individual institutions' circumstances (which
for many asset classes is itself broken into a "foundation" approach and an
"advanced or A-IRB" approach, the availability of which is subject to additional
restrictions) and a

<PAGE> 4

standardized  approach that bases risk weightings on external credit assessments
to  a  much  greater  extent  than  permitted  in  existing  risk-based  capital
guidelines.  Basel II also would set capital  requirements  for operational risk
and refine the existing capital requirements for market risk exposures.

The U.S. banking and thrift agencies are developing  proposed revisions to their
existing  capital  adequacy  regulations  and  standards  based on Basel  II. In
September  2006,  the agencies  issued a notice of proposed  rulemaking  setting
forth a definitive  proposal for implementing Basel II in the United States that
would apply only to internationally  active banking  organizations -- defined as
those with  consolidated  total assets of $250  billion or more or  consolidated
on-balance sheet foreign exposures of $10 billion or more -- but that other U.S.
banking   organizations  could  elect  but  would  not  be  required  to  apply.
Furthermore, the U.S. agencies are proposing only to implement the most advanced
version of Basel II, the A-IRB option.  In December 2006, the agencies  issued a
notice of proposed  rulemaking  describing proposed amendments to their existing
risk-based  capital  guidelines  to make  them  more  risk-sensitive,  generally
following  aspects  of the  standardized  approach  of Basel  II.  These  latter
proposed  amendments,  often referred to as "Basel I-A",  would apply to banking
organizations that are not internationally  active banking organizations subject
to the A-IRB approach for  internationally  active banking  organizations and do
not "opt in" to that  approach.  The  agencies  previously  had  issued  advance
notices of proposed  rulemaking on both  proposals (in August 2003 regarding the
A-IRB approach of Basel II for internationally  active banking organizations and
in October 2005 regarding Basel I-A).

BOK Financial is not an internationally  active banking organization and has not
made a  determination  as to  whether  or when it would  opt to apply  the A-IRB
provisions applicable to internationally  active U.S. banking organizations once
they become effective.  Recent U.S. bank regulatory  proposals indicate that the
U.S. banking system will permit adoption of a "standardized"  approach for Basel
II in lieu of the 1-A proposal for non-core Basel II institutions.  BOKF expects
more definitive guidance on the matter from U.S. bank regulators in 2008.

Further discussion of regulatory capital,  including  regulatory capital amounts
and ratios,  is set forth  under the heading  "Borrowings  and  Capital"  within
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations"  and in Note 16 of the  Company's  Notes to  Consolidated  Financial
Statements, both of which appear elsewhere herein.

Deposit Insurance

Substantially all of the deposits held by the Banks are insured up to applicable
limits by the  Deposit  Insurance  Fund  ("DIF") of the FDIC and are  subject to
deposit  insurance  assessments  to  maintain  the  DIF.  The  FDIC  utilizes  a
risk-based  assessment system that imposes insurance  premiums based upon a risk
matrix that takes into account a bank's  capital  level and  supervisory  rating
("CAMELS  rating").  As of January 1, 2007,  the previous  nine risk  categories
utilized in the risk  matrix were  condensed  into four risk  categories,  which
continue to be  distinguished  by capital levels and  supervisory  ratings.  For
large Risk Category 1 institutions (generally those with assets in excess of $10
billion) that have  long-term debt issuer  ratings,  including Bank of Oklahoma,
assessment rates are determined from  weighted-average  CAMELS component ratings
and long-term debt issuer ratings.  The minimum  annualized  assessment rate for
large  institutions  is 5 basis  points  per $100 of  deposits  and the  maximum
annualized  assessment rate for large institutions is 7 basis points per $100 of
deposits.  Quarterly  assessment rates for large institutions in Risk Category 1
may vary within this range  depending upon changes in CAMELS  component  ratings
and long-term debt issuer ratings.

In addition,  the Banks are  assessed a charge based on deposit  balances by the
Financing  Corporation  ("FICO").  The  FICO  is  a  mixed-ownership  government
corporation  established by the Competitive  Equality  Banking Act of 1987 whose
sole purpose was to function as a financing  vehicle for the now defunct Federal
Savings & Loan Insurance Corporation.

Dividends

The primary  source of liquidity for BOK Financial is dividends  from the Banks,
which are limited by various banking regulations to net profits, as defined, for
the  year  plus  retained  profits  for the  preceding  two  years  and  further
restricted  by  minimum  capital  requirements.  Based on the  most  restrictive
limitations, the Banks had excess regulatory capital and could declare up to $93
million of dividends  without  regulatory  approval as of December 31, 2007. BOK
Financial  management  has  developed and the Board of Directors has approved an
internal capital policy that is more restrictive than the regulatory  standards.
Under this policy,  the Banks could declare dividends of up to $75 million as of
December 31, 2007. These amounts are not necessarily  indicative of amounts that
may be available to be paid in future periods.

Source of Strength Doctrine

According to Federal Reserve Board policy,  bank holding  companies are expected
to act as a source of financial  strength to each  subsidiary bank and to commit
resources to support each such subsidiary. This support may be required at times
when a bank holding company may not be able to provide such support.  Similarly,
under the  cross-guarantee  provisions of the Federal Deposit  Insurance Act, in
the event of a loss  suffered  by the FDIC as a result of  default  of a banking
subsidiary or related to FDIC  assistance  provided to a subsidiary in danger of
default, the other Banks may be assessed for the FDIC's loss, subject to certain
exceptions.

<PAGE> 5

                   Governmental Policies and Economic Factors

The operations of BOK Financial and its subsidiaries are affected by legislative
changes  and  by  the  policies  of  various  regulatory   authorities  and,  in
particular,  the credit  policies of the Federal  Reserve  Board.  An  important
function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the national supply of bank
credit to moderate  recessions  and curb  inflation.  Among the  instruments  of
monetary  policy used by the Federal  Reserve Board to implement its  objectives
are:  open-market  operations  in U.S.  Government  securities,  changes  in the
discount rate and federal funds rate on bank borrowings,  and changes in reserve
requirements on bank deposits.  The effect of future changes in such policies on
the business and earnings of BOK Financial and its subsidiaries is uncertain.

The   Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  (the  "Act")  addresses  many  aspects  of  financial
reporting,  corporate  governance  and public  company  disclosure.  Among other
things,  the Act  establishes  a  comprehensive  framework  for the oversight of
public company auditing and for  strengthening  the independence of auditors and
audit  committees.  Under the Act,  audit  committees  are  responsible  for the
appointment,  compensation  and  oversight  of the  work  of the  auditors.  The
non-audit services that can be provided to a company by its auditor are limited.
Audit  committee   members  are  subject  to  specific  rules  addressing  their
independence.   The  Act  also  requires  enhanced  and  accelerated   financial
disclosures,  and  it  establishes  various  responsibility  measures,  such  as
requiring the chief executive  officer and chief financial officer to certify to
the quality of the company's financial  reporting.  The Act imposes restrictions
on  and  accelerated   reporting   requirements   for  certain  insider  trading
activities. It imposes a variety of penalties for fraud and other violations and
creates a federal felony for securities  fraud.  Various sections of the Act are
applicable to BOK Financial.

                               Foreign Operations

BOK Financial  does not engage in operations in foreign  countries,  nor does it
lend to foreign governments.

<PAGE> 6

ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS

Adverse regional economic  developments  could negatively affect BOK Financial's
business.

A  substantial  majority of BOK  Financial  loans are  generated in Oklahoma and
other markets in the southwest region. As a result,  poor economic conditions in
Oklahoma or other  markets in the  southwest  region may cause BOK  Financial to
incur losses  associated  with higher  default  rates and  decreased  collateral
values in BOK Financial's  loan portfolio.  A regional  economic  downturn could
also adversely  affect revenue from brokerage and trading  activities,  mortgage
loan originations and other sources of fee-based revenue.

Adverse economic factors affecting  particular  industries could have a negative
effect on BOK  Financial  customers  and their  ability to make  payments to BOK
Financial.

Certain  industry-specific  economic  factors  also  affect BOK  Financial.  For
example, a portion of BOK Financial's total loan portfolio is comprised of loans
to borrowers in the energy industry,  which is historically a cyclical industry.
Low commodity prices may adversely affect that industry and,  consequently,  may
affect BOK Financial's  business negatively.  In addition,  BOK Financial's loan
portfolio  includes  commercial real estate loans. A downturn in the real estate
industry  in  general or in  certain  segments  of the  commercial  real  estate
industry in Oklahoma and the Southwest  region could also have an adverse effect
on BOK Financial's operations.

Fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect BOK Financial's business.

BOK Financial's business is highly sensitive to:

     o    the  monetary  policies  implemented  by the  Federal  Reserve  Board,
          including the discount rate on bank  borrowings and changes in reserve
          requirements,  which affect BOK Financial's  ability to make loans and
          the interest rates we may charge;

     o    changes in prevailing  interest  rates,  due to the  dependency of BOK
          Financial's banks on interest income;

     o    open market operations in U.S. Government securities.

Significant  increase  in  market  interest  rates,  or the  perception  that an
increase  may occur,  could  adversely  affect both BOK  Financial's  ability to
originate new loans and BOK Financial's ability to grow. Conversely,  a decrease
in  interest  rates  could  result  in  acceleration  in the  payment  of loans,
including  loans   underlying  BOK  Financial's   holdings  of   mortgage-backed
securities and  termination of BOK Financial's  mortgage  servicing  rights.  In
addition, changes in market interest rates, changes in the relationships between
short-term and long-term  market interest rates or changes in the  relationships
between different interest rate indices, could affect the interest rates charged
on  interest-earning   assets  differently  than  the  interest  rates  paid  on
interest-bearing  liabilities.  This  difference  could result in an increase in
interest  expense  relative to interest  income.  An increase in market interest
rates also could adversely  affect the ability of BOK Financial's  floating-rate
borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations.  If this occurred,  it could
cause an  increase  in  nonperforming  assets and net  charge-offs,  which could
adversely affect BOK Financial's business.

BOK Financial's substantial holdings of mortgage-backed  securities and mortgage
servicing rights could adversely affect BOK Financial's business.

BOK   Financial   has  invested  a   substantial   amount  of  its  holdings  in
mortgage-backed   securities,   which  are  investment  interests  in  pools  of
mortgages.  Mortgage-backed  securities  are  highly  sensitive  to  changes  in
interest  rates.  BOK  Financial  mitigates  this  risk  somewhat  by  investing
principally in shorter duration mortgage  products,  which are less sensitive to
changes in interest  rates. A significant  decrease in interest rates could lead
mortgage  holders to refinance the mortgages  constituting  the pool backing the
securities,  subjecting  BOK  Financial to a risk of  prepayment  and  decreased
return on investment due to subsequent  reinvestment  at lower  interest  rates.
Conversely,  a  significant  increase  in interest  rates  could cause  mortgage
holders to extend the term over which they repay their  loans,  which delays the
Company's opportunity to reinvest funds at higher rates.

Mortgage-backed  securities are also subject to credit risk from  delinquency or
default of the underlying  loans. BOK Financial  mitigates this risk somewhat by
investing  in  securities  issued by U.S.  government  agencies.  Principal  and
interest  payments on the loans underlying  these securities are guaranteed,  in
whole or in part, by these agencies.  Credit risk on mortgage-backed  securities
originated  by private  issuers is  mitigated  somewhat by  investing  in senior
tranches with additional collateral support.

In addition, as part of BOK Financial's mortgage banking business, BOK Financial
has substantial holdings of mortgage servicing rights. The value of these rights
is also very sensitive to changes in interest rates. Falling interest rates tend
to increase  loan  prepayments,  which may lead to  cancellation  of the related
servicing rights. BOK Financial's  investments and dealings in  mortgage-related
products  increase the risk that falling  interest rates could adversely  affect
BOK  Financial's  business.  BOK  Financial  attempts  to  manage  this  risk by
maintaining an active hedging  program for its mortgage  servicing  rights.  BOK
Financial's hedging program has only been partially  successful in recent years.
The value of mortgage servicing rights may also

<PAGE> 7

decrease due to rising  delinquency or default of the loans serviced.  This risk
is mitigated somewhat by adherence to underwriting standards on loans originated
for sale.

Substantial competition could adversely affect BOK Financial.

Banking is a competitive  business.  BOK Financial  competes  actively for loan,
deposit and other  financial  services  business in Oklahoma,  as well as in BOK
Financial's other markets. BOK Financial's competitors include a large number of
small and large local and national banks, savings and loan associations,  credit
unions,  trust  companies,  broker-dealers  and  underwriters,  as  well as many
financial and nonfinancial firms that offer services similar to BOK Financial's.
Large national  financial  institutions have entered the Oklahoma market.  These
institutions have substantial capital,  technology and marketing resources. Such
large financial  institutions may have greater access to capital at a lower cost
than BOK Financial does, which may adversely  affect BOK Financial's  ability to
compete effectively.

BOK Financial has expanded into markets  outside of Oklahoma,  where it competes
with a large number of financial  institutions that have an established customer
base and greater market share than BOK Financial.  BOK Financial may not be able
to continue to compete  successfully in these markets outside of Oklahoma.  With
respect to some of its services,  BOK Financial competes with non-bank companies
that are not subject to regulation.  The absence of regulatory  requirements may
give non-banks a competitive advantage.

Adverse factors could impact BOK Financial's  ability to implement its operating
strategy.

Although BOK Financial has developed an operating  strategy  which it expects to
result in continuing improved financial performance, BOK Financial cannot assure
that it will be successful in  fulfilling  this strategy or that this  operating
strategy will be  successful.  Achieving  success is dependent  upon a number of
factors,  many of which are beyond BOK Financial's direct control.  Factors that
may adversely affect BOK Financial's ability to implement its operating strategy
include:

     o    deterioration of BOK Financial's asset quality;

     o    inability to control BOK Financial's noninterest expenses;

     o    inability to increase noninterest income;

     o    deterioration  in  general  economic  conditions,  especially  in  BOK
          Financial's core markets;

     o    decreases in net interest margins;

     o    increases in competition;

     o    adverse regulatory developments.

Banking regulations could adversely affect BOK Financial.

BOK Financial and its subsidiaries are extensively  regulated under both federal
and state law.  In  particular,  BOK  Financial  is subject to the Bank  Holding
Company Act of 1956 and the National Bank Act. These  regulations  are primarily
for the benefit and  protection  of BOK  Financial's  customers  and not for the
benefit of BOK Financial's investors.  In the past, BOK Financial's business has
been materially  affected by these regulations.  For example,  regulations limit
BOK Financial's  business to banking and related businesses,  and they limit the
location  of BOK  Financial's  branches  and  offices,  as well as the amount of
deposits that it can hold in a particular state. These regulations may limit BOK
Financial's ability to grow and expand into new markets and businesses.

Additionally, under the Community Reinvestment Act, BOK Financial is required to
provide services in traditionally  underserved areas. BOK Financial's ability to
make   acquisitions  and  engage  in  new  business  may  be  limited  by  these
requirements.

The Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation  Improvement Act of 1991 and the Bank
Holding Company Act of 1956, and various regulations of regulatory  authorities,
require us to  maintain  specified  capital  ratios.  Any  failure  to  maintain
required  capital  ratios would limit the growth  potential  of BOK  Financial's
business.

Under a  long-standing  policy of the Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve
System,  a bank  holding  company is  expected  to act as a source of  financial
strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of that policy, BOK Financial may
be required to commit  financial and other resources to its subsidiary  banks in
circumstances where we might not otherwise do so.

The trend toward extensive regulation is likely to continue in the future. Laws,
regulations or policies currently affecting us and BOK Financial's  subsidiaries
may  change  at  any  time.   Regulatory   authorities  may  also  change  their
interpretation  of these statutes and  regulations.  Therefore,  BOK Financial's
business may be adversely  affected by any future changes in laws,  regulations,
policies or interpretations.

<PAGE> 8

Statutory restrictions on subsidiary dividends and other distributions and debts
of BOK Financial's subsidiaries could limit amounts BOK Financial's subsidiaries
may pay to BOK Financial.

BOK  Financial  is a bank  holding  company,  and a  substantial  portion of BOK
Financial's  cash flow typically comes from dividends that BOK Financial's  bank
and nonbank  subsidiaries  pay to BOK Financial.  Various  statutory  provisions
restrict the amount of dividends  BOK  Financial's  subsidiaries  can pay to BOK
Financial without regulatory  approval.  Management also developed,  and the BOK
Financial board of directors  approved,  an internal capital policy that is more
restrictive than the regulatory  capital standards.  In addition,  if any of BOK
Financial's  subsidiaries  liquidates,   that  subsidiary's  creditors  will  be
entitled to receive  distributions from the assets of that subsidiary to satisfy
their claims against it before BOK Financial,  as a holder of an equity interest
in the  subsidiary,  will  be  entitled  to  receive  any of the  assets  of the
subsidiary.  If,  however,  BOK Financial is a creditor of the  subsidiary  with
recognized  claims  against it, BOK  Financial  will be in the same  position as
other creditors.

Although publicly traded,  BOK Financial's  common stock has substantially  less
liquidity  than the  average  trading  market  for a stock  quoted on the Nasdaq
National Market System.

A  relatively  small  fraction of BOK  Financial's  outstanding  common stock is
actively traded. The risks of low liquidity include increased  volatility of the
price of BOK Financial's  common stock.  Low liquidity may also limit holders of
BOK  Financial's  common  stock  in  their  ability  to  sell  or  transfer  BOK
Financial's shares at the price, time and quantity desired.

BOK  Financial's  principal  shareholder  controls a majority of BOK Financial's
common stock.

Mr.  George  B.  Kaiser  owns  a  majority  of  the  outstanding  shares  of BOK
Financial's  common stock.  Mr.  Kaiser is able to elect all of BOK  Financial's
directors and effectively control the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of
BOK  Financial's  common  shareholders.  Mr.  Kaiser's  ability  to  prevent  an
unsolicited  bid for BOK  Financial or any other change in control could have an
adverse  effect  on the  market  price  for  BOK  Financial's  common  stock.  A
substantial majority of BOK Financial's  directors are not officers or employees
of BOK  Financial or any of its  affiliates.  However,  because of Mr.  Kaiser's
control  over the  election of BOK  Financial's  directors,  he could change the
composition  of BOK  Financial's  Board of Directors so that it would not have a
majority of outside directors.

Possible future sales of shares by BOK Financial's  principal  shareholder could
adversely affect the market price of BOK Financial's common stock.

Mr.  Kaiser  has the right to sell  shares of BOK  Financial's  common  stock in
compliance  with the federal  securities laws at any time, or from time to time.
The  federal  securities  laws  will be the only  restrictions  on Mr.  Kaiser's
ability to sell.  Because of his current  control of BOK  Financial,  Mr. Kaiser
could  sell  large  amounts of his  shares of BOK  Financial's  common  stock by
causing BOK Financial to file a  registration  statement that would allow him to
sell shares more easily.  In addition,  Mr.  Kaiser could sell his shares of BOK
Financial's  common stock without  registration under Rule 144 of the Securities
Act.  Although BOK Financial can make no predictions  as to the effect,  if any,
that such sales would have on the market price of BOK Financial's  common stock,
sales of substantial  amounts of BOK Financial's common stock, or the perception
that such sales could occur, could adversely affect market prices. If Mr. Kaiser
sells or  transfers  his  shares  of BOK  Financial's  common  stock as a block,
another person or entity could become BOK Financial's controlling shareholder.

ITEM 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

BOK Financial and its  subsidiaries  own and lease  improved real estate that is
carried at $187 million,  net of depreciation  and  amortization.  The Company's
principal  offices are located in leased premises in the Bank of Oklahoma Tower,
Tulsa,  Oklahoma.  Banking  offices are primarily  located in Tulsa and Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma, Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque,  New Mexico,
Denver, Colorado,  Phoenix, Arizona, and Kansas City, Missouri / Kansas. Primary
operations facilities are located in Tulsa and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma,  Dallas,
Texas, and Albuquerque,  New Mexico.  The Company's  facilities are suitable for
their respective uses and present needs.

The  information  set  forth  in  Notes  6 and  15 of  the  Company's  Notes  to
Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  which appear  elsewhere  herein,  provides
further discussion related to properties.

<PAGE> 9

ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The  information  set forth in Note 15 of the  Company's  Notes to  Consolidated
Financial Statements, which appear elsewhere herein, provides discussion related
to legal proceedings.

ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No  matters  were  submitted  to  a  vote  of  security  holders,   through  the
solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the three months ended December 31,
2007.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S  COMMON EQUITY,  RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

BOK  Financial's  $.00006 par value  common  stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol BOKF.  As of January 31, 2008,  common  shareholders  of
record numbered 1,046 with 68,044,438 shares outstanding.

The highest  and lowest  closing  bid price for shares of BOK  Financial  common
stock follows:

                     First          Second          Third          Fourth
                 -------------- --------------- -------------- ---------------
     2007:
       Low           $49.37         $48.59           $47.37        $51.44
       High           55.43          54.96            54.20         55.43

     2006:
       Low           $44.40         $46.85           $48.13        $50.40
       High           47.65          49.60            53.30         54.98

<PAGE> 10

                      Shareholder Return Performance Graph

Set forth below is a line graph  comparing the change in cumulative  shareholder
return of the NASDAQ Index, the NASDAQ Bank Index, and the KBW 50 Bank Index for
the period commencing December 31, 2002 and ending December 31, 2007.*

TOTAL RETURN PERFORMANCE graph shown here.  Data points are:

<TABLE>
                                                            Period Ending
                             -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index                           12/31/02     12/31/03     12/31/04     12/31/05     12/31/06     12/31/07
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
BOK Financial Corporation         100.00       123.13       159.71       149.80       183.29       174.83
NASDAQ Composite                  100.00       150.01       162.89       165.13       180.85       198.60
NASDAQ Bank Index                 100.00       129.93       144.21       137.97       153.15       119.35
KBW 50                            100.00       134.04       149.51       149.24       178.19       139.33
</TABLE>

*    Graph assumes value of an investment in the Company's Common Stock for each
     index was $100 on December  31,  2002.  The KBW 50 Bank index is the Keefe,
     Bruyette & Woods, Inc. index,  which is available only for calendar quarter
     end  periods.  During the  periods  shown,  no  dividends  were paid on BOK
     Financial  Common Stock  except (i) on May 18, 2001,  the Company paid a 3%
     dividend on BOK Financial Common Stock  outstanding as of May 7, 2001, (ii)
     on May 29,  2002,  the Company paid a 3% dividend on BOK  Financial  Common
     Stock  outstanding  as of May 13, 2002,  (iii) on May 31, 2003, the Company
     paid a 3% dividend on BOK Financial Common Stock  outstanding as of May 10,
     2003,  (iv) and on May 31,  2004,  the  Company  paid a 3%  dividend on BOK
     Financial  Common Stock  outstanding as of May 10, 2004.  Cash dividends on
     Common  Stock,  which  were first  paid in 2005,  are  assumed to have been
     reinvested in BOK Financial Common Stock.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The selected financial data is set forth within Table 1 of Item 7, "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and results of Operations."

<PAGE> 11

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
Table 1     Consolidated Selected Financial Data
            (Dollars In Thousands Except Per Share Data)
                                                                                December 31,
                                                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                          2007          2006           2005         2004         2003
                                                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Selected Financial Data
    For the year:
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>
      Interest revenue                               $1,160,737     $ 986,429      $ 769,934    $ 614,284    $ 565,173
      Interest expense                                  616,252       499,741        320,593      191,041      173,678
      Net interest revenue                              544,485       486,688        449,341      423,243      391,495
      Provision for credit losses                        34,721        18,402         12,441       20,439       35,636
      Net income                                        217,664       212,977        201,505      179,023      158,360
    Period-end:
      Loans, net of reserve                          11,890,570    10,606,306      9,036,102    7,820,349    7,369,105
      Assets                                         20,839,864    18,059,624     16,327,069   14,145,660   13,595,598
      Deposits                                       13,459,291    12,386,705     11,375,318    9,674,398    9,219,863
      Subordinated debentures                           398,273       297,800        295,964      151,594      154,332
      Shareholders' equity                            1,935,384     1,721,022      1,539,154    1,398,494    1,228,630
      Nonperforming assets(2)                           104,159        44,343         40,017       61,112       62,330

 Profitability Statistics
    Earnings per share (based on average equivalent shares):
      Basic                                           $    3.24     $    3.19      $    3.14    $    3.00    $    2.67
      Diluted                                              3.22          3.16           3.01         2.68         2.38
    Percentages (based on daily averages):
      Return on average assets                              1.14%         1.27%         1.29%        1.28%        1.24%
      Return on average shareholders' equity               12.01         13.23         13.78        13.80        13.66
      Average shareholders' equity to average assets        9.53          9.58          9.38         9.25         9.07

 Common Stock Performance
    Per Share:
      Book value per common share(5)                  $    28.75    $    25.66     $    23.07   $    23.28   $    20.60
      Market price: December 31 close                      51.70         54.98          45.43        48.76        38.72
      Market range - High close                            55.57         54.98          49.31        49.18        41.02
                   - Low close                             47.47         44.43          39.79        37.29        31.00
      Cash dividends declared                               0.75          0.55           0.30            -            -

 Selected Balance Sheet Statistics
    Period-end:
      Tier 1 capital ratio                                  9.38%         9.78%          9.84%       10.02%        9.15%
      Total capital ratio                                  12.54         11.58          12.10        11.67        11.31
      Leverage ratio                                        8.20          8.79           8.30         7.94         7.17
      Tangible capital ratio                                7.65          8.22           7.94         8.31         7.33
      Reserve for loan losses to nonperforming loans      133.79        305.37         329.34       189.40       208.15
      Reserve for loan losses to loans(1)                   1.06          1.03           1.14         1.38         1.55
      Combined reserves for credit losses to loans (1), (4) 1.24          1.22           1.37         1.61         1.73

 Miscellaneous (at December 31)
    Number of employees (full-time equivalent)             4,110         3,958          3,825         3,548        3,449
    Number of banking locations                              189           163            150           149          142
    Number of TransFund locations                          1,822         1,649          1,421         1,389        1,442
    Trust assets                                     $36,288,592   $31,704,091    $28,464,745   $24,589,053  $21,283,791
    Mortgage loan servicing portfolio(3)               5,481,736     4,988,611      4,492,524     4,486,513    4,746,279
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1) Excludes residential mortgage loans held for sale.
(2) Includes nonaccrual loans, renegotiated loans and assets acquired in
    satisfaction of loans. Excludes loans past due 90 days or more and still
    accruing.
(3) Includes outstanding principal for loans serviced for affiliates.
(4) Includes reserve for loan losses and reserve for off-balance sheet credit
    losses.
(5) Conversion of Series A preferred stock added 6.9 million common
    shares outstanding in 2005.

<PAGE> 12

Management's Assessment of Operations and Financial Condition

Overview

BOK Financial  Corporation  ("BOK  Financial"  or "the  Company") is a financial
holding  company  that  offers  full  service  banking  in  Oklahoma,  Northwest
Arkansas,  Dallas,  Fort Worth and  Houston,  Texas,  Albuquerque,  New  Mexico,
Denver,  Colorado,  Phoenix,  Arizona and Kansas City, Missouri. The Company was
incorporated  in 1990 in  Oklahoma  and is  headquartered  in  Tulsa,  Oklahoma.
Activities  are governed by the Bank Holding  Company Act of 1956, as amended by
the Financial Services  Modernization Act or  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act. Principal
banking subsidiaries are Bank of Oklahoma, N.A., Bank of Albuquerque, N.A., Bank
of Arkansas,  N.A., Bank of Texas,  N.A.,  Colorado State Bank and Trust,  N.A.,
Bank of Arizona,  N.A. and Bank of Kansas City, N.A. Other subsidiaries  include
BOSC, Inc. a broker/dealer  that engages in retail and institutional  securities
sales and municipal bond underwriting.

Our overall  strategic  objective is to emphasize  growth in long-term  value by
building on our leadership  position in Oklahoma and expanding into  high-growth
markets in contiguous  states.  We have a solid position in Oklahoma and are the
state's largest financial institution as measured by deposit market share. Since
1997, we have expanded into Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston, Texas,  Albuquerque,
New Mexico,  Denver,  Colorado,  Phoenix,  Arizona and Kansas  City,  Missouri /
Kansas.  At  December  31,  2007,  51% of our  outstanding  loans and 45% of our
deposits are in markets outside of Oklahoma.

Our  primary  focus is to  provide  a broad  range  of  financial  products  and
services, which includes loans and deposits, cash management services, fiduciary
services,  mortgage banking, and brokerage and trading services to middle-market
businesses,  financial  institutions,  and  consumers.  Our revenue  sources are
diversified. Approximately 42% of our revenue comes from commissions and fees.

Commercial  banking is a significant  part of our business.  Our credit  culture
emphasizes  building  relationships by making high-quality loans and providing a
full range of  financial  products  and  services to our  customers.  Our energy
financing  expertise enables us to offer commodity  derivatives for customers to
use in their risk management and positioning activities.

Our acquisition  strategy targets quality  organizations  that have demonstrated
solid growth in their business lines. We provide additional growth opportunities
by hiring talent to enhance  competitiveness,  adding locations,  and broadening
product  offerings.  Our operating  philosophy  embraces  local  decision-making
through the boards of directors for each of our bank subsidiaries.  During 2007,
we expanded  our  presence in local  markets  through the  acquisition  of Worth
National Bank in Ft. Worth, Texas and First United Bank in Denver, Colorado. The
Worth National  acquisition  increased loans and deposits in the Texas market by
$284 million and $369 million,  respectively,  and added five branch  locations.
The First United acquisition increased loans and deposits in the Colorado market
by  $94  million  and  $133  million,  respectively,  and  added  eleven  branch
locations.

BOK Financial  operates five  principal  lines of business:  Oklahoma  corporate
banking,  Oklahoma consumer banking,  mortgage banking,  wealth management,  and
regional  banking.  Mortgage  banking  activities  include loan  origination and
servicing across all markets served by the Company.  Wealth management  provides
brokerage  and  trading,  private  financial  services and  investment  advisory
services in all markets.  Wealth management also provides  fiduciary services in
all markets  except  Colorado.  Fiduciary  services in Colorado  are included in
regional  banking.  Regional banking consist primarily of corporate and consumer
banking activities in the respective local markets.

Performance Summary

BOK  Financial's net income for 2007 totaled $217.7 million or $3.22 per diluted
share  compared  with  $213.0  million or $3.16 per diluted  share in 2006.  Net
income for 2007 was reduced $7.5  million or $0.11 per diluted  share by charges
recognized for the impairment of certain  securities and for the Company's share
of contingent  liabilities to support Visa's antitrust  litigation costs.  These
charges are  discussed in the  Assessment  of Financial  Conditions - Securities
Portfolio and  Assessment of Operations - Other  Operating  Expense  sections of
this report.

Net income  growth for 2007 was  attributed  primarily  to increases in both net
interest  revenue and fees and commissions  revenue.  Net interest  revenue grew
$57.8 million or 12% during 2007 while fees and  commissions  revenue  increased
$33.9  million or 9%.  Revenue  growth was  partially  offset by a $16.3 million
increase in the  provision for credit losses and a $62.7 million or 12% increase
in operating expenses.

Average earning assets increased $2.2 billion for 2007, including a $1.7 billion
increase in average  outstanding  loans and a $447  million  increase in average
securities.  Growth in  average  earning  assets  was  funded by a $2.2  billion
increase in  interest-bearing  liabilities.  Average  interest-bearing  deposits
increased $1.4 billion and other borrowed funds  increased $826 million.  Growth
in average  interest-bearing  liabilities also funded a $152 million decrease in
average demand  deposits.  Net interest  margin was 3.28% for 2007, down 8 basis
points from the previous year.

Nonperforming  assets  totaled $104  million at December  31, 2007,  up from $44
million at December 31, 2006. Approximately, $19 million of nonperforming assets
are either  guaranteed  by U.S.  government  agencies or supported by a sellers'
escrow fund.

<PAGE> 13

Net loans  charged off totaled  $21.1  million or 0.19% of average loans in 2007
compared  with net loans  charged off of $12.5 million or 0.13% of average loans
in 2006.

Fees and commissions totaled $405.6 million, a 9% increase over 2006.  Brokerage
and trading  revenue,  transaction card revenue and trust fees grew 17%, 15% and
10%, respectively due primarily to increases in transaction volumes or the value
of assets  managed.  Other revenue  decreased  $3.8 million due largely to lower
fees earned on margin  assets  carried in support of the  Company's  derivatives
business  and  leasing  revenue.  Decreased  fees  earned on margin  assets  are
generally  offset by an increase in net  interest  revenue due to lower  funding
costs.  Mortgage banking revenue  decreased $4.7 million or 17% due primarily to
lower  value of loans sold in the  secondary  market as  compared to the cost to
originate mortgage loans.

Operating  expenses  increased  $62.7  million  or 12%  compared  with  2006 due
primarily to increased personnel costs.  Personnel costs increased $32.4 million
or 11%. Total employment and average  compensation per employee grew.  Incentive
compensation  also  increased  over  last  year.  Changes  in the fair  value of
mortgage servicing rights increased  operating expenses for 2007 by $5.9 million
over 2006. All other  operating  expenses  combined were up $24.3 million or 11%
over 2006.

Net income for the fourth  quarter of 2007 totaled $51.2 million or 76 cents per
diluted share  compared with $50.6 million or 75 cents per diluted share for the
fourth  quarter of 2006.  Net income for the fourth  quarter of 2007 was reduced
$7.5 million or $0.11 per diluted share by charges recognized for the impairment
of certain  securities and for the Company's share of contingent  liabilities to
Visa. Net interest  revenue grew $17.0 million or 14% over the fourth quarter of
2006 due to earning asset growth,  partially offset by a 3 basis point reduction
in net interest  margin.  The  provision for credit losses was $13.2 million for
the fourth  quarter of 2007,  up $7.2  million over 2006.  Nonperforming  assets
totaled $104 million or 0.87% of  outstanding  loans and  repossessed  assets at
December 31, 2007,  up from $44 million or 0.42% at December 31, 2006.  Fees and
commissions  revenue increased $18.5 million or 20%. All major categories of fee
income  were up over the same  period  last  year.  Changes in the fair value of
mortgage  servicing rights net of economic hedges reduced pre-tax income by $2.1
million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Operating expenses,  excluding changes in
the fair value of mortgage servicing rights increased $20.2 million or 15%.

Critical Accounting Policies

Application of Critical Accounting Policies

Preparation of our consolidated  financial  statements is based on the selection
of certain accounting  policies,  which requires  management to make significant
assumptions and estimates.  The following discussion addresses the most critical
areas where these assumptions and estimates could affect financial condition and
results of operations.  Application of these  critical  accounting  policies and
estimates has been  discussed  with the  appropriate  committees of the Board of
Directors.  New accounting standards first adopted in 2007 included Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 157, "Fair Value  Measurements" ("FAS 157")
and FASB  Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an
Interpretation  of FASB  Statement  No.  109"  ("FIN 48") . Neither of these new
accounting  standards had a significant  effect on the financial  statements for
2007.

Reserves for Loan Losses and Off-Balance Sheet Credit Losses

Reserves for loan losses and  off-balance  sheet  credit  losses are assessed by
management  based on an ongoing  evaluation  of the  probable  estimated  losses
inherent in the portfolio and probable estimated losses on unused commitments to
provide financing. A consistent,  well-documented methodology has been developed
that  includes  reserves  assigned to specific  loans and  commitments,  general
reserves  that are based on a  statistical  migration  analysis and  nonspecific
reserves  that are  based on  analysis  of  current  economic  conditions,  loan
concentrations, portfolio growth and other relevant factors.

An independent  Credit  Administration  department is responsible for performing
this  evaluation for all of our  subsidiaries  to ensure that the methodology is
applied consistently.

All significant  loans and commitments that exhibit  weaknesses or deteriorating
trends are reviewed  quarterly.  Specific reserves for impairment are determined
through  evaluation  of  estimated  future cash flows and  collateral  values in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting
by Creditors for the Impairment of a Loan",  regulatory accounting standards and
other authoritative literature.

General  reserves for  commercial and  commercial  real estate loan losses,  and
related  commitments,  are determined  primarily through an internally developed
migration  analysis  model.  The  purpose  of this  model  is to  determine  the
probability that each credit  relationship in the portfolio has an inherent loss
based on historical  trends. We use an eight-quarter  aggregate  accumulation of
net losses as a basis for this model.  Greater emphasis is placed on loan losses
in more recent  periods.  A minimum  reserve level is established  for each loan
grade based on long-term loss history.  This model assigns a general  reserve to
all  commercial  loans and leases and  commercial  real estate loans,  excluding
loans that have a specific impairment reserve.

Separate  models are used to  determine  the  general  reserve  for  residential
mortgage loans, excluding residential mortgage loans held for sale, and consumer
loans.  The  general  reserve  for  residential  mortgage  loans  is based on an
eight-quarter average

<PAGE> 14

percent of loss. General reserves for consumer loans are based on a migration of
loans from current status to loss.  Separate migration factors are determined by
major product line, such as indirect automobile loans and direct consumer loans.

Nonspecific reserves are maintained for risks beyond those factors specific to a
particular  loan or those  identified  by the  migration  models.  These factors
include trends in the general economy in our primary  lending areas,  conditions
in specific industries where we have a concentration, such as energy, commercial
real estate and homebuilders and  agriculture,  concentrations  in large credits
and overall growth in the loan portfolio. Evaluation of the nonspecific reserves
also considers duration of the business cycle,  regulatory  examination results,
potential  errors in the migration  analysis models and the underlying data, and
other  relevant  factors.  A range of potential  losses is  determined  for each
factor identified.

A  separate  reserve  for  off-balance  sheet  credit  risk is  maintained.  The
provision for credit losses includes the combined charge to expense for both the
reserve for loan losses and the reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses. All
losses  incurred  from  lending  activities  will  ultimately  be  reflected  in
charge-offs against the reserve for loan losses after funds are advanced against
outstanding commitments and after the exhaustion of collection efforts.

Valuation of Mortgage Servicing Rights

We have a significant  investment in mortgage servicing rights. These rights are
either  purchased  from other  lenders or  retained  from sales of loans we have
originated.  Originated  mortgage  servicing rights are initially  recognized at
fair value.  Fair value is based on market quotes for similar  servicing rights,
which is a Level 2 input as defined by FAS 157. Subsequent changes in fair value
are recognized in earnings as they occur.

There is no active  market for trading in mortgage  servicing  rights.  We use a
cash flow model to determine fair value.  Key  assumptions and estimates used by
this model include  projected  prepayment  speeds and assumed  servicing  costs,
earnings on escrow deposits,  ancillary income and discount rates, and are based
on current  market  sources.  Assumptions  used to value our mortgage  servicing
rights are  considered  Level 3 inputs as defined by FAS 157 and  represent  our
best estimate of assumptions  that market  participants  would use to value this
asset. A separate third party model is used to estimate  prepayment speeds based
on  interest  rates,   housing  turnover  rates,   estimated  loan  curtailment,
anticipated defaults and other relevant factors. The prepayment model is updated
daily for changes in market  conditions.  Prepayment  projections  determined by
this model are adjusted to better  reflect  actual  performance of our servicing
portfolio. The discount rate is based on benchmark rates for mortgage loans plus
a market spread expected by investors in servicing rights. At least annually, we
request  estimates of fair value from outside sources to corroborate the results
of the valuation model.

The  assumptions  used in this model are  primarily  based on mortgage  interest
rates.  Evaluation  of  the  effect  of  a  change  in  one  assumption  without
considering  the effect of that change on other  assumptions is not  meaningful.
Considering  all  related  assumptions,  a 50 basis  point  increase in mortgage
interest rates is expected to increase the fair value of our servicing rights by
$3.3 million.  A 50 basis point decrease in mortgage  interest rates is expected
to decrease the fair value of our servicing rights by $5.3 million.

Intangible Assets

Intangible assets, which consist primarily of goodwill,  core deposit intangible
assets and other acquired intangibles,  for each business unit are evaluated for
impairment  annually or more  frequently if conditions  indicate that impairment
may have occurred.  The evaluation of possible  impairment of intangible  assets
involves significant judgment based upon short-term and long-term projections of
future performance.

The fair value of each of our  business  units is  estimated  by the  discounted
future earnings  method.  Income growth is projected over a five-year period for
each unit and a terminal  value is  computed.  The  projected  income  stream is
converted to current fair value by using a discount rate that reflects a rate of
return required by a willing buyer. Assumptions used to value our business units
are  considered  Level 3 inputs as  defined  by FAS 157 and  represent  our best
estimate of  assumptions  that market  participants  would use to determine fair
value.

At December  31, 2007,  Bank of Texas had $240 million or 72% of total  goodwill
and  Colorado  State  Bank & Trust  had $55  million  or 16% of total  goodwill.
Because of the large concentration of goodwill in these business units, the fair
value  determined by the discounted  future earnings method was  corroborated by
comparison  to the fair  value of  publicly  traded  banks of  similar  size and
characteristics.  No  goodwill  impairment  was  indicated  by either  valuation
method. In addition,  the effect of a 10% negative change in assumptions used to
evaluate  goodwill  impairment  using the discounted  future earnings method was
simulated. No impairment was indicated by this simulation.

Intangible assets with finite lives, such as core deposit intangible assets, are
amortized  over their  estimated  useful  lives.  Such assets are  reviewed  for
impairment  whenever events indicate that the remaining  carrying amount may not
be recoverable.

<PAGE> 15

Valuation of Derivative Instruments

We use interest rate derivative instruments to manage our interest rate risk. We
also offer interest rate,  commodity,  and foreign exchange derivative contracts
to our customers. All derivative instruments are carried on the balance sheet at
fair  value.  Fair  values  for  exchange-traded  contracts  are based on quoted
prices. Fair values for over-the-counter  interest rate contracts used to manage
our  interest  rate risk are  provided  either  by  third-party  dealers  in the
contracts or by quotes  provided by independent  pricing  services.  Information
used by these third-party  dealers or independent  pricing services to determine
fair values are considered  Level 2, observable  market inputs as defined by FAS
157.  Interest  rate,  commodity  and  foreign  exchange  contracts  used in our
customer  hedging  programs  are based on  valuations  generated  internally  by
third-party provided pricing models. These models use Level 2, observable market
inputs to estimate  fair values.  Changes in  assumptions  used in these pricing
models could significantly  affect the reported fair values of derivative assets
and liabilities, though the net effect of these changes should not significantly
affect earnings.

Credit  risk  is  considered  in  determining   the  fair  value  of  derivative
instruments.  Deterioration in the credit rating of customers or dealers reduces
the fair value of asset contracts.  The reduction in fair value is recognized in
earnings during the current period.

Income Taxes

Determination  of income tax  expense  and  related  assets and  liabilities  is
complex and requires  estimates  and judgments  when  applying tax laws,  rules,
regulations  and  interpretations.  It  also  requires  judgments  as to  future
earnings and the timing of future  events.  Accrued  income  taxes  represent an
estimate of net amounts  due to or from  taxing  jurisdictions  based upon these
estimates, interpretations and judgments.

Quarterly,  management evaluates the Company's effective tax rate based upon its
current estimate of net income, tax credits and statutory tax rates expected for
the full year. Changes in income tax expense due to changes in the effective tax
rate are recognized on a cumulative  basis.  Annually,  we file tax returns with
each jurisdiction  where we conduct business and settle our return  liabilities.
We may also provide for estimated  liabilities  associated with uncertain filing
positions.

On January 1, 2007, we adopted the provisions of FIN 48 accounting for uncertain
income tax positions. We recognize the benefit of uncertain income tax positions
when  based  upon all  relevant  evidence  it is  more-likely-than-not  that our
position would prevail upon examination, including resolution of related appeals
or litigation,  based upon the technical  merits of the position.  A reserve for
the  uncertain  portion of the tax  benefit,  including  estimated  interest and
penalties,  is part of our  current  accrued  income  tax  liability.  Estimated
penalties and interest are  recognized  in income tax expense.  This reserve for
uncertain tax  positions may reduce income tax expense in future  periods if the
uncertainty is favorably  resolved,  generally upon completion of an examination
by the taxing authorities,  expiration of a statute of limitations or changes in
facts and circumstances.

Pensions

The Company offers a defined-benefit, cash-balance pension plan to all employees
who  satisfied  certain  age and length of service  requirements.  Pension  plan
benefits were curtailed as of April 1, 2006. No participants may be added to the
plan and no additional  service benefits will be accrued.  Interest continues to
accrue  on  employees'  account  balances  at  5.25%.  Accounting  for this plan
requires management to make assumptions regarding the expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets and the discount rate. Changes in these assumptions affect
pension  liability  and  pension  expense.   Management,  in  consultation  with
independent actuaries, bases its assumptions on currently available information.

All plan assets are  invested in the American  Performance  Balanced  Fund.  The
expected  long-term  return on plan assets is based on this fund's  life-to-date
performance,   adjusted  for  any  known  or  expected  changes  in  the  fund's
compositions  or objectives.  The expected  return on plan assets was reduced to
7.00% for 2007 from 8.00% for 2006.

The  discount  rate,  which  is used  to  determine  the  present  value  of our
obligation  to provide  future  benefits  to plan  participants  and the related
interest cost, is based on a spot-rate yield curve of high-quality  fixed income
securities  such as AA rate  industrial and utility  bonds.  A weighted  average
discount rate is determined by matching  expected  future cash outflows from the
plan to interest  rates at various  spots along the yield curve.  This method of
determining the discount rate was enhanced in 2007, with no significant  impact,
and is expected to better  represent the cost of future cash flows as the static
participant pool decreases over time. The discount rate was 6.00% as of December
31, 2007 and 5.50% as of December  31,  2006.  A 25 basis point  decrease in the
discount rate increases the pension  liability by approximately  $1.5 million or
3% and has no significant  effect on pension  expense because of the curtailment
of benefits in 2006.

Stock-Based Compensation

Stock-based compensation consists of stock options and non-vested shares awarded
officers and employees of the Company.  Awards may be granted on a discretionary
basis  as  described  in the  employee  stock  option  plan  or as  required  by
employment  agreements and incentive  compensation  plans with certain executive
officers.  Accounting for stock-based  compensation  requires management to make
assumptions regarding the valuation of financial instruments for which there are
no  readily  available  market  values,  achievement  of  specified  performance
conditions and expected forfeiture rates.

<PAGE> 16

The  majority of our stock  options  have  graded  vesting.  One-seventh  of the
options  awarded vest annually  starting one year after the grant date.  Options
expire three years after vesting. Each tranche of these options are considered a
separate award when determining fair value.

We use the Black-Scholes  option pricing model. This model requires  assumptions
of expected  volatility  of our stock price and expected term between grant date
and  exercise  date,  along with other input to determine  fair value.  Expected
volatility  is based on  historical  changes in our stock price  measured over a
period that  approximates the expected term of our stock options.  Expected term
and forfeitures are based on historical  trends.  Information  about assumptions
used to  value  stock  options  can be  found  in  Note  13 to the  Consolidated
Financial  Statements.  Non-vested shares, which cliff-vest five years after the
grant date,  are valued at the grant date market price for BOK Financial  common
stock.

Stock options are generally granted  annually.  Certain key terms and conditions
of the awards,  such as vesting periods and expiration dates, are defined by the
stock  option  plan  document.  The  number of  options  to be  awarded  to each
individual employee is recommended by management and approved by the Independent
Compensation  Committee of the Board of Directors  prior to setting the exercise
price.  The exercise price of the options is the closing price for the Company's
common stock on the second business Friday of January, which is the grant date.

Executive   incentive  plans  and  individual   employment   agreements  include
performance  conditions  that may  increase  or  decrease  the  number of awards
granted based on future events.  Unrecognized compensation cost, which generally
will be  recognized  as expense over the service  period,  based on the probable
outcome of these conditions is $15.0 million.  Future  compensation  cost ranges
from approximately $7.7 million, if none of the performance  conditions are met,
to $19.9 million if all of the performance conditions are met.

Assessment of Operations

Net Interest Revenue

Tax-equivalent  net interest  revenue  totaled  $553.6 million for 2007 compared
with $493.7 million for 2006. Net interest  revenue growth was driven  primarily
by a $2.2 billion increase in average earning assets.  Average outstanding loans
increased $1.7 billion and average securities increased $447 million.  Growth in
the  securities  portfolio  generally  consisted  of  highly-rated,   fixed-rate
mortgage-backed  securities.  These securities supplement the Company's earnings
and help to manage the balance sheet to a position that is relatively neutral to
changes in interest rates. Growth in average earning assets was funded primarily
by a $1.4  billion  increase in  interest-bearing  deposits  and a $826  million
increase in borrowed  funds.  Average  demand  deposit  accounts  decreased $152
million. Table 2 shows the effects on net interest revenue of changes in average
balances  and  interest  rates  for the  various  types of  earning  assets  and
interest-bearing liabilities.

Yields on average  earning  assets  and rates  paid on average  interest-bearing
liabilities  both  increased  during  2007 due  primarily  to rising  short-term
interest rates. Net interest margin,  the ratio of  tax-equivalent  net interest
revenue to average earning assets decreased to 3.28% in 2007 compared with 3.36%
in 2006. The decrease in net interest margin reflected loan spread  compression,
competition  for  deposits  and a  decreasing  non-rate  funds gap.  Loan spread
compression limited the increase in yield on loans to 6 basis points.  Beginning
in late 2004, the weighted  average spread of our commercial loan portfolio over
funding sources  decreased from  approximately 290 basis points to approximately
235 basis points due largely to competitive  pricing pressure.  During 2007, the
spread of our  commercial  loan  portfolio  over funding  sources ranged between
approximately 235 and 240 basis points. In the second half of 2007,  competition
from banks whose wholesale  funding sources were affected by credit  disruptions
increased market rates on average interest bearing deposits 26 basis points.  In
addition,  while earning assets have grown significantly over the past year, the
non-rate funds gap has declined as a percent of earning assets.  Non-rate funds,
which include demand  deposits,  other  liabilities  and  shareholders'  equity,
decreased from 22% of total  liabilities  and equity in 2006 to 20% in 2007. The
decrease in non-rate  funds  reduced  2007 net  interest  margin 4 basis  points
compared with 2006.

<PAGE> 17

<TABLE>
Table 2     Volume/Rate Analysis
            (In Thousands)
                                                         2007/2006                               2006/2005
                                            -------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
                                                             Change Due To(1)                          Change Due To(1)
                                                         ------------------------                ------------------------
                                              Change       Volume    Yield/Rate       Change       Volume    Yield/Rate
                                            ------------ ----------- ------------   ------------ ----------- ------------
Tax-equivalent interest revenue:
<S>                                          <C>         <C>          <C>             <C>        <C>          <C>
  Securities                                 $ 32,162    $  20,068    $ 12,094        $20,564    $   4,262    $ 16,302
  Trading securities                              904          456         448            274          260          14
  Loans                                       140,760      134,830       5,930        196,884       86,991     109,893
  Funds sold and resell agreements              2,639        2,260         379            554          (98)        652
------------------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ------------ - ------------ ----------- ------------
Total                                         176,465      157,614      18,851        218,276       91,415     126,861
------------------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ------------ - ------------ ----------- ------------
Interest expense:
  Transaction deposits                         45,631       30,668      14,963         76,265       23,499      52,766
  Savings deposits                                 91          158         (67)           302          (89)        391
  Time deposits                                30,116       13,155      16,961         49,941       15,148      34,793
  Funds purchased and repurchase agreements    28,864       29,980      (1,116)        43,877        8,455      35,422
  Other borrowings                              7,188        5,889       1,299          2,850      (11,577)     14,427
  Subordinated debentures                       4,621        6,595      (1,974)         5,913        3,779       2,134
------------------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ------------ - ------------ ----------- ------------
Total                                         116,511       86,445      30,066        179,148       39,215     139,933
------------------------------------------- ------------                          - ------------
Tax-equivalent net interest revenue            59,954     $ 71,169   $ (11,215)        39,128     $ 52,200  $  (13,072)
                                                         ------------------------                 -----------------------
Increase in tax-equivalent
  adjustment                                   (2,157)                                 (1,781)
------------------------------------------- ------------                          - ------------
Net interest revenue                        $  57,797                               $  37,347
------------------------------------------- ------------                          - ------------
</TABLE>

                                               4th Qtr 2007/4th Qtr 2006
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                          Change Due To(1)
                                                      ------------------------
                                            Change      Volume     Yield/Rate
                                          ----------- ------------ -----------
Tax-equivalent interest revenue:
  Securities                              $ 13,961    $ 10,353     $  3,608
  Trading securities                           167         102           65
  Loans                                     15,824      28,100      (12,276)
  Funds sold and resell agreements             757         680           77
----------------------------------------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Total                                       30,709      39,235       (8,526)
----------------------------------------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Interest expense:
  Transaction deposits                       5,947       9,085       (3,138)
  Savings deposits                             (17)         49          (66)
  Time deposits                              1,832       1,498          334
  Funds purchased and repurchase agreements  1,433       6,940       (5,507)
  Other borrowings                           3,483       4,589       (1,106)
  Subordinated debentures                      483       1,587       (1,104)
----------------------------------------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Total                                       13,161      23,748      (10,587)
----------------------------------------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Tax-equivalent net interest revenue         17,548    $ 15,487      $ 2,061
                                                      ------------ -----------
Increase in tax-equivalent adjustment         (537)
----------------------------------------- -----------
Net interest revenue                      $ 17,011
----------------------------------------- -----------

(1)  Changes  attributable  to both volume and  yield/rate are allocated to both
     volume and yield/rate on an equal basis.

Management  regularly  models the  effects of changes in  interest  rates on net
interest  revenue.  Based on this  modeling,  we expect net interest  revenue to
increase slightly over a one-year forward looking period. However, other factors
such as loan spread  compression,  deposit product mix and overall balance sheet
composition may affect this general  expectation.  For example,  throughout 2007
the loan  portfolio's  yield increased less than rates paid on  interest-bearing
liabilities increased.  Additionally,  we have a large portion of our securities
portfolio in mortgage-backed securities.  These securities re-price as cash flow
received is reinvested at current market rates. The resulting change in yield of
the securities  portfolio  occurs more slowly than changes in market rates.  The
tax-equivalent  yield on the securities portfolio increased 23 basis points over
2006  while  the  average  loan  yield  increased  6 basis  points.  The cost of
interest-bearing  deposits  increased  26 basis points while the average cost of
other interest bearing liabilities decreased 4 basis points.

Our overall objective is to manage the Company's balance sheet to be essentially
neutral to changes in interest rates.  Approximately  67% of our commercial loan
portfolio is either  variable rate or fixed rate that will  re-price  within one
year.  These  loans are funded  primarily  by deposit  accounts  that are either
non-interest bearing, or that re-price more slowly than the loans. The result is
a balance sheet that would be asset sensitive, which means that assets generally
re-price  more quickly than  liabilities.  Among the  strategies  that we use to
achieve  a  rate-neutral  position,  we  purchase  fixed-rate,   mortgage-backed
securities  to offset  the  short-term  nature of the  majority  of our  funding
sources.  The expected  duration of these securities is approximately  2.3 years
based  on  a  range  of   interest   rate  and   prepayment   assumptions.   The
liability-sensitive   nature  of  this  strategy   provides  an  offset  to  the
asset-sensitive characteristics of our loan portfolio.

We also use derivative  instruments  to manage our interest rate risk.  Interest
rate swaps with a combined  notional  amount of $372 million  convert fixed rate
liabilities to floating rate based on LIBOR.  The purpose of these  derivatives,
which  include  interest  rate  swaps  designated  as fair value  hedges,  is to
position  our  balance  sheet to be  relatively  neutral to changes in  interest
rates.  We also have interest rate swaps with a notional  amount of $100 million
that convert prime-based loans to fixed rate. The

<PAGE> 18

purpose of these  derivatives,  which have been  designated as cash flow hedges,
also is to position  our balance  sheet to be  relatively  neutral to changes in
interest rates.

The  effectiveness of these strategies is reflected in the overall change in net
interest revenue due to changes in interest rates as shown in Table 2 and in the
interest  rate  sensitivity  projections  as shown in the Market Risk section of
this report.

Fourth Quarter 2007 Net Interest Revenue

Tax-equivalent  net  interest  revenue  for the fourth  quarter of 2007  totaled
$143.8  million  compared  with $126.2  million for the fourth  quarter of 2006.
Average earning assets  increased $2.4 billion or 15%,  including a $1.4 billion
or 14%  increase  in  average  loans and an $897  million  increase  in  average
securities.  Growth in  average  earning  assets  was  funded by a $2.4  billion
increase in interest-bearing  liabilities,  including a $1.4 billion increase in
average  interest  bearing  deposits  and  a  $1.0  billion  increase  in  other
borrowings.  The  increase in interest  bearing  liabilities  also funded a $188
million decrease in average demand deposits. Net interest margin was 3.22%, down
3 basis points from the fourth  quarter of 2006. The spread between the yield on
average earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing  liabilities  improved
by 6 basis points. However, the benefit provided by non-interest bearing funding
sources decreased by 9 basis points.

2006 Net Interest Revenue

Tax-equivalent net interest revenue for 2006 was $493.7 million, a $39.1 million
or 9% increase from 2005.  Average earning assets increased $1.3 billion or 10%,
including a $1.2  billion  increase in average  outstanding  loans.  As shown in
Table 2, net interest revenue  increased $52.2 million due to changes in earning
assets and interest  bearing  liabilities.  Net interest  revenue  growth due to
earning assets was partially  offset by a $13.1 million  decrease due to changes
in interest  yields and rates.  Changes in interest rates and yields include the
narrowing of spreads due to competitive pressures and other market conditions.

Other Operating Revenue

Other operating revenue increased $27.0 million compared with last year due to a
$33.9 million or 9% increase in fees and commission  revenue partially offset by
net losses on securities,  derivatives and other assets.  Diversified sources of
fees and commission  revenue are a significant part of our business strategy and
represented  42% of total  revenue,  excluding  gains and losses on asset sales,
securities  and  derivatives.  We believe that a variety of fee revenue  sources
provide an offset to changes in interest  rates,  values in the equity  markets,
commodity prices and consumer spending,  all of which can be volatile. We expect
continued  growth in other operating  revenue through  offering new products and
services and by expanding into new markets.  However,  increased competition and
saturation in our existing markets could affect the rate of future increases.

<TABLE>
Table 3     Other Operating Revenue
            (In Thousands)
                                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                     --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         2007          2006        2005        2004        2003
                                                     ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------
<S>                                                  <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>
Brokerage and trading revenue                        $   62,542    $   53,413  $   48,024  $   44,221    $ 46,633
Transaction card revenue                                 90,425        78,622      72,036      64,816      57,352
Trust fees and commissions                               78,231        71,037      65,187      57,532      45,763
Deposit service charges and fees                        109,218       102,436      98,361      93,712      82,042
Mortgage banking revenue                                 22,275        26,996      30,681      28,189      52,336
Bank-owned life insurance                                10,058         2,558          62           -           -
Other revenue                                            32,873        36,634      30,513      23,757      20,639
---------------------------------------------------- ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------
    Total fees and commissions                          405,622       371,696     344,864     312,227     304,765
---------------------------------------------------- ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------
Gain (loss) on sales of assets                             (928)        1,499       7,798       1,225       2,275
Gain (loss) on securities, net                           (8,328)         (950)     (6,895)     (3,088)      7,188
Gain (loss) on derivatives, net                           2,282          (622)      1,179      (1,474)     (9,375)
---------------------------------------------------- ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------
    Total other operating revenue                    $  398,648    $  371,623  $  346,946  $  308,890    $304,853
---------------------------------------------------- ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------
</TABLE>

Fees and Commissions Revenue

Brokerage  and trading  revenue  grew $9.1  million or 17%  compared  with 2006.
Retail brokerage  revenue  increased $4.9 million to $18.3 million,  up 37% over
2006.  Revenue from sales of fixed income  investments  and  annuities  were up,
primarily in the Oklahoma and Texas markets.  Securities trading revenue totaled
$23.4 million,  up $3.7 million or 18% over the previous year. Market conditions
for  institutional  securities sales improved during 2007 compared with previous
years.  Revenue from customer hedging  activities  increased 4% to $15.0 million
over 2006.

Transaction  card revenue  increased  $11.8  million or 15%.  Check card revenue
increased  24% due to growth in  transaction  volume.  The  number of check card
transactions  processed  during 2007 increased 21% over 2006. ATM fees grew $6.3
million or 19% compared to the previous year.  During 2006, we signed  contracts
to add 140 TransFund ATMs in convenience stores

<PAGE> 19

located  in the  Dallas,  Fort  Worth,  Texas  market  and in  locations  across
Arkansas,  Oklahoma,  Kansas, Missouri and Nebraska. The number of TransFund ATM
locations  totaled 1,822 at December 31, 2007,  up 10% over last year.  Merchant
discount revenue totaled $26.5 million, up 3% over 2006.

Trust  fees  increased  $7.2  million  or  10%.  The  fair  value  of all  trust
relationships  overseen  by the  Company,  which is the basis for a  significant
portion of trust fees  increased to $36.3  billion at December 31, 2007 compared
with $31.7  billion at December  31, 2006.  Approximately  31% of trust fees are
earned on  personal  trust  relationships.  Additionally,  20% of trust fees are
earned by managing employee benefit plan assets and 21% are based on mutual fund
activities.

Service charges on deposit accounts increased $6.8 million,  or 7% compared with
2006.  Overdraft  fees  increased  9% to $74.3  million and  commercial  account
service  charge revenue  increased 6% to $29.5 million.  The number of overdraft
transactions  increased  during  2007 and per item  charges  were  increased  in
selected markets. In addition, the increase in commercial service charge revenue
reflected an increase in the earnings  credit  available to  commercial  deposit
customers.  The earnings credit, which provides a non-cash method for commercial
customers  to avoid  incurring  charges for  deposit  services,  increases  when
interest rates rise. Service charges on retail deposit accounts decreased 13% to
$5.4 million due to growth in service-charge free products.

Mortgage banking revenue  decreased $4.7 million  compared with 2006.  Servicing
revenue was up $592  thousand or 4% to $17.1  million.  Gains on mortgage  loans
sold,  including the value of capitalized  mortgage servicing rights,  decreased
$5.3 million due to competitive pricing and higher origination costs.

Other revenue  totaled $32.9  million,  down $3.8 million or 10% from 2006.  The
Company is required to pledge  margin assets to secure  derivative  liabilities.
Fees earned on margin  assets in 2007,  which are based on average  balances and
short-term  interest  rates totaled $4.8 million,  down $5.4 million or 53% over
2006.  Margin  assets  averaged  $117  million in 2007 and $238 million in 2006.
Reduction  in fees earned on margin  assets is largely  offset by an increase in
net interest revenue due to lower funding costs.

Gains on Sales of Assets

Net gains / losses on asset sales decreased to a $928 thousand loss in 2007 from
a $1.5 million gain in 2006.  Net losses on asset sales in 2007  included a $1.0
million charge to reduce the carrying  value of a branch  facility that is being
held for sale. In addition,  gains on student loans sold in 2007  decreased $443
thousand compared to 2006.

Securities and Derivatives

Net losses on securities totaled $8.3 million in 2007 and $950 thousand in 2006.
During the fourth quarter of 2007, the Company  recorded an $8.6 million pre-tax
other-than-temporary-impairment  charge to  recognize  the  decrease in the fair
value of its holdings of variable rate perpetual  preferred  stock issued by six
major banks and brokerage  houses.  In addition,  during 2007 we recognized  net
losses of $486  thousand  on  securities  held as  economic  hedges of  mortgage
servicing rights and net gains of $799 thousand from sales of other  securities.
Use  of  securities  as an  economic  hedge  of  mortgage  servicing  rights  is
more-fully  discussed in the Line of Business - Mortgage Banking section of this
report.

During  2006,  net losses on  securities  consisted of losses of $1.1 million on
securities  held as an economic hedge of mortgage  servicing  rights,  partially
offset  by net  gains of $152  thousand  on sales  of  other  securities.  Other
securities  are bought and sold as necessary to maximize the  portfolio's  total
return and to manage prepayment or extension risk.

Net gains on derivatives  totaled $2.3 million in 2007, compared with net losses
of $622 thousand in 2006. Net gains and losses on derivatives  consist primarily
of fair value  adjustments of all derivatives  used to manage interest rate risk
and when  permitted  by Statement of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 133,
changes in the fair value of related hedged  liabilities.  Our fair value hedges
use interest  rate swaps to convert  fixed rate  liabilities  to floating  rate,
LIBOR based liabilities, and represent hedges of changes in the full fair value,
not only changes in fair value due to the benchmark interest rate, of the hedged
liabilities. Any ineffectiveness of our hedges, including ineffectiveness due to
credit risk is recognized in this line item.

Fourth Quarter 2007 Other Operating Revenue

Other operating revenue for the fourth quarter of 2007 totaled $107.3 million, a
$13.6  million  or 15%  increase  over the  fourth  quarter  of  2006.  Fees and
commission  revenue  increased  $18.5  million or 20%  compared  with the fourth
quarter of 2006.  Brokerage  and trading  revenue was up $6.0 million or 42% for
the fourth  quarter due largely to securities  trading  gains and  completion of
investment banking transactions. Deposit service charges and fees increased $4.2
million or 16% due to growth in overdraft fees and commercial  account  activity
charges. Transaction card revenue increased $3.3 million or 16% compared to 2006
due to ATM fees and debit card processing volumes.  Trust revenue increased $1.9
million or 10% due largely to a 15% increase in the fair value of trust  assets.
Growth in other  operating  revenue due to fees and  commissions  was  partially
offset  by a $1.0  million  charge  to  reduce  the  carrying  value of a branch
facility  that is being held for sale and the $8.6 million  charge to reduce the
carrying value of certain preferred stocks.

<PAGE> 20

2006 Other Operating Revenue

Other  operating  revenue totaled $371.6 million for 2006, up $24.7 million over
2005. Fees and commissions  revenue increased $26.8 million or 8%. Brokerage and
trading  revenue was up $5.4 million or 11% due  primarily to growth in customer
hedging  activities.  Trust fees increased $5.9 million or 9%. The fair value of
trust  relationships  overseen  by  the  Company,  which  is  the  basis  for  a
significant portion of trust fees,  increased from $28.5 billion at December 31,
2005 to $31.7 billion at December 31, 2006.  Transaction  card revenue grew $6.6
million  or 9% due to a $2.7  million  or 9%  increase  in ATM  fees  and a $3.7
million or 19% increase in check card revenue.  Growth in other revenue included
a $3.2 million increase in fees earned on margin assets.

Net gains on asset sales  decreased from $7.8 million in 2005 to $1.5 million in
2006.  Net gains in 2005  included  $4.8 million from the sale of the  Company's
interest in an Oklahoma  City office  building and $1.2 million from the sale of
loans from the community  development mortgage loan portfolio.  The Company also
recognized  net losses on securities  and  derivatives of $950 thousand and $622
thousand, respectively, during 2006.

Other Operating Expense

Other operating expense for 2007 totaled $575.0 million,  a $62.7 million or 12%
increase  over 2006.  This  increase  resulted  primarily  from a $32.4  million
increase in personnel expense. Growth in personnel expense was driven largely by
total employment,  average compensation per employee and incentive  compensation
expense.

<TABLE>
Table 4     Other Operating Expense
            (In Thousands)
                                                                        Years ended December 31,
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        2007          2006          2005          2004         2003
                                                   ------------- ------------- -------------- ------------ ------------
<S>                                                  <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
Personnel expense                                    $328,705      $296,260      $258,971       $240,661     $222,922
Business promotion                                     21,888        19,351        17,964         15,618       12,937
Contribution of stock to BOK Charitable                     -             -             -          5,561            -
Foundation
Professional fees and services                         22,795        17,744        16,596         15,487       17,935
Net occupancy and equipment                            57,284        52,188        50,195         47,289       45,967
Data processing and communications                     72,733        66,926        67,026         60,025       53,398
Printing, postage and supplies                         16,570        15,862        15,066         14,034       13,930
Net (gains) losses and operating expenses of
   repossessed assets                                     691           474           572         (4,016)         271
Amortization of intangible assets                       7,358         5,327         6,943          8,138        8,101
Mortgage banking costs                                 12,018        11,829        14,562         18,167       40,296
Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights       2,893        (3,009)            -              -            -
Recovery for impairment of mortgage servicing rights        -             -        (3,915)        (1,567)     (22,923)
Other expense                                          32,052        29,355        25,126         21,827       20,604
-------------------------------------------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- ------------ ------------
     Total                                           $ 574,987     $ 512,307     $ 469,106      $ 441,224    $413,438
-------------------------------------------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- ------------ ------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 21

Personnel Expense

Personnel  expense  increased $32.4 million or 11% to $328.7 million.  Severance
and other net charges  related to a workforce  reduction of 145 employees  fully
recognized in the third quarter of 2007 added $2.5 million to personnel expense.
This  workforce  reduction was an initiative  to align  personnel  expenses with
revenue growth and affected both management and staff level employees throughout
the  Company's  eight-state  region.  Management  estimates  that the  workforce
reduction  along with the  elimination  of unfilled  positions will result in an
ongoing quarterly pre-tax savings of approximately  $4.0 million.  The effect of
these costs has been excluded  from the  following  discussion to provide a more
meaningful comparison of expense trends.

<TABLE>
Table 5      Personnel Expense
                   (In Thousands)
                                                                Years Ended December 31,
                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        2007             2006           2005              2004             2003
                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>
Regular compensation               $   206,857     $   185,466     $   165,529      $   148,468      $   141,264
Incentive compensation:
     Cash-based                         62,657          54,093          44,726           42,725           40,023
     Stock-based                         8,763          11,111           5,097           11,694            5,776
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total incentive compensation            71,420          65,204          49,823           54,419           45,799
Employee benefits                       47,929          45,590          43,619           37,774           35,859
Workforce reduction costs, net           2,499               -               -                -                -
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total personnel expense          $   328,705     $   296,260     $   258,971      $   240,661      $   222,922
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average staffing
  (full-time equivalent)                 4,106           3,828           3,677            3,509            3,474
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Regular compensation expense, which consists of salaries and wages, overtime pay
and temporary personnel costs,  totaled $206.9 million, up $21.4 million, or 12%
increase over 2006. The increase in regular compensation expense was due to a 4%
increase in average regular compensation per full-time equivalent employee and a
278 person or 7% increase in average staffing. Acquisitions of First United Bank
and Worth National Bank in the second quarter of 2007 increased average staffing
by 130 employees.

Incentive compensation increased $6.2 million, or 10% to $71.4 million.  Expense
for cash-based incentive compensation plans increased $8.6 million or 16%. These
plans are  intended  to  provide  current  rewards  to  employees  who  generate
long-term  business  opportunities  for the  Company  based on  growth in loans,
deposits,  customer  relationships  and other  measurable  metrics.  Stock-based
compensation  expense  decreased $2.3 million or 21%. The Company's  stock-based
compensation plans include both equity awards and liability awards. Compensation
expense  associated  with liability  award plans  decreased  $2.9 million.  This
decrease  reflected changes in the market value of BOK Financial common stock at
December 31, 2007  compared  with  December 31, 2006.  Compensation  expense for
equity awards  increased $567 thousand or 9% over 2006.  Additional  information
about  our  stock-based  compensation  plans  is  provided  in  Note  13 to  the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Employee  benefit  expenses  increased  $2.3  million  or 5% to  $47.9  million.
Employee  insurance  costs  increased  $301  thousand  or 2% and  payroll  taxes
increased  $2.5  million or 16%.  Retirement  benefit  costs and other  benefits
decreased $482 thousand.

Professional Fees

Professional  fees increased $5.1 million or 28% to $22.8 million  compared with
2006.  Growth in other  professional fees includes costs related to acquisitions
and  subordinated  debt issued during 2007,  costs related to the Securities and
Exchange  Commission's  examination  of  our  mutual  fund  advisory  activities
discussed in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,  and professional
fees related to debt collection activities.

Data Processing and Communications Expense

Data  processing  and  communication  expenses  totaled $72.7  million,  up $5.8
million  or 9%  from  the  prior  year.  This  expense  consists  of  two  broad
categories,  data  processing  systems and  transaction  card  processing.  Data
processing  systems  costs  increased  $4.3  million  or 11%  due to  growth  in
processing  volumes and  acquisitions  during 2007.  Transaction card processing
costs increased $1.5 million or 6% due to growth in processing volumes.

Other Operating Expenses

Business  promotion  expense  increased  $2.5 million or 13% compared  with last
year.  Promotional  activities in support of regional  banking growth  increased
$1.9 million. These activities included support for our new full-service banking
operations in Kansas City and our  acquisitions in Fort Worth and Denver.  Other
expenses  were up over  2006 due to a $2.8  million  charge  for our  contingent
obligation  to support  Visa's  antitrust  litigation  costs and a $695 thousand
increase in FDIC insurance premiums.

<PAGE> 22

In 2006,  other  operating  expenses  included a $1.8  million  non-cash  charge
related to taxes on the Company's investment in bank-owned life insurance.

On November  7, 2007,  Visa  announced  that it had  reached a  settlement  with
American  Express related to an antitrust  lawsuit,  and in a subsequent  filing
with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  Visa  disclosed  that  it had
recognized a  contingent  liability  for a similar  lawsuit  with  Discover.  In
addition,  Visa is a party to other  litigation  matters  that could  affect BOK
Financial.  As a member,  we are obligated for a  proportionate  share of losses
incurred by Visa. Visa intends that payments related to these litigation matters
will be funded by an escrow  account  to be  established  with a portion  of the
proceeds from its initial public offering,  which is currently planned for 2008.
We anticipate  that our  proportionate  share of the proceeds of Visa's  initial
public  offering  will  exceed  the  contingent   liabilities  related  to  Visa
litigation based on information available at this time.

In 2006, The Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation  determined that the deposit
insurance fund should reach a level of 1.25% of estimated insured  deposits.  In
order  to  achieve  this  objective,  starting  in 2007  all  insured  financial
institutions were charged deposit  insurance  premiums with rates ranging from 5
basis points to 43 basis  points per  assessable  deposit  based upon their risk
category.  As  provided  by the Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Reform Act of 2005,
eligible  depository  institutions  were granted a one-time credit which largely
offset deposit insurance  premiums in 2007.  Deposit insurance expense offset by
this credit totaled $5.6 million.  Based on current assessment rates,  projected
deposit  growth and the  remaining  unused  balance of the one-time  credit,  we
expect deposit insurance expense, which is included in other operating expenses,
to increase by $1.8 million per quarter in 2008.

Fourth Quarter 2007 Operating Expenses

Operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2007, excluding changes in the fair
value of mortgage  servicing rights totaled $154.4 million,  up $20.2 million or
15% over the same period in 2006.  Personnel costs increased $6.5 million or 8%.
Regular  compensation  expense increased $3.5 million or 7% due to a 1% increase
in average  compensation  per employee  and a 6% increase in staffing.  Staffing
increase includes the acquisitions of Worth National Bank and First United Bank.
Incentive  compensation  expense  rose $2.6  million  or 14%,  including  a $3.7
million  increase  for  cash-based  incentive  compensation  expense  and a $1.1
million decrease for stock-based incentive compensation expense.

Non-personnel  operating  expenses  for the fourth  quarter  of 2007,  excluding
changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, were up $13.7 million or
24% over 2006.  Contingent  obligations to support Visa's  antitrust  litigation
increased  fourth quarter  operating  expenses by $2.8 million and the June 2007
acquisitions   of  Worth   National   Bank  and  First  United  Bank   increased
non-personnel operating expenses by $2.9 million.

2006 Operating Expenses

Operating  expenses  for 2006 totaled  $512.3  million,  up $43.2  million or 9%
increase over 2005.  This increase  resulted  primarily from personnel  expense.
Growth in  personnel  expense was driven  largely by total  employment,  average
compensation per employee and incentive compensation expense.

Personnel costs increased $37.3 million or 14%. Regular  compensation  increased
$19.9  million or 12% to $185.5  million  due  primarily  to an 8%  increase  in
average regular compensation per employee and a 4% increase in average staffing.
Incentive compensation increased $15.4 million or 31% to $65.2 million. The cost
of cash-based  incentive  compensation plans increased $9.4 million or 21% while
the cost of stock-based  incentive  compensation plans increased $6.0 million or
118%.  Stock-based  incentive  compensation plans include both equity awards and
liability  awards.  Compensation  expense  associated with liability award plans
increased  $4.9 million due to an increase in the market value of BOK  Financial
common  stock.  Employee  benefit  expenses  increased  $2.0  million  or 5% due
primarily to higher employee insurance costs. The Company self-insures a portion
of its employee health care coverage.

Income Taxes

Income tax expense  was $115.8  million  for 2007,  $114.6  million for 2006 and
$113.2 million for 2005. This  represented  35%, 35% and 36%,  respectively,  of
book taxable  income.  Tax expense  currently  payable totaled $129.2 million in
2007 compared with $122.1 million in 2006 and $112.7 million in 2005.

The statute of  limitations  expired on an  uncertain  state income tax position
during 2006. Income tax expense was reduced by $2.2 million from the reversal of
a reserve previously established for this uncertainty. Excluding the reversal of
this reserve,  income tax expense would have been $116.8  million or 36% of book
taxable income for 2006.

Effective January 1, 2007, the Company adopted FIN 48 which provided  accounting
guidance for uncertain  income tax positions.  FIN 48 requires that we recognize
the benefit of uncertain  income tax positions only when based upon all relevant
evidence  it is  more-likely-than-not  that  our  position  would  prevail  upon
examination,  including resolution of related appeals or litigation,  based upon
the technical merits of the position. This is substantially the same criteria we
used for uncertain tax positions prior to the adoption of FIN 48. The transition
adjustment  increased  our reserve for  uncertain tax positions by $609 thousand
which was recognized as a reduction of retained earnings.

<PAGE> 23

Reserves for uncertain tax positions  totaled $13.2 million at December 31, 2007
and $12.6  million at  January  1, 2007.  BOK  Financial  operates  in  numerous
jurisdictions,  which  requires  judgment  regarding  the  allocation of income,
expense and earnings under various laws and  regulations of each of these taxing
jurisdictions.  Each  jurisdiction  may  audit  our tax  returns  and  may  take
different positions with respect to these allocations.

<TABLE>
Table 6     Selected Quarterly Financial Data
            (In Thousands Except Per Share Data)
                                                                      Fourth       Third        Second        First
                                                                   ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
                                                                                          2007
                                                                   ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Interest revenue                                                   $ 297,096     $300,380     $288,685      $274,576
Interest expense                                                     155,807      160,935      153,772       145,738
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Net interest revenue                                                 141,289      139,445      134,913       128,838
Provision for credit losses                                           13,200        7,201        7,820         6,500
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Net interest revenue after provision for credit losses               128,089      132,244      127,093       122,338
Other operating revenue                                              112,038      103,759       96,616        92,281
Gain (loss) on securities, net                                        (6,251)       4,748       (6,262)         (563)
Gain (loss) on derivatives, net                                        1,529          865         (183)           71
Other operating expense                                              154,383      147,572      139,192       130,947
Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights                      3,344        3,446       (5,061)        1,164
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Income before taxes                                                   77,678       90,598       83,133        82,016
Income tax expense                                                    26,518       30,750       29,270        29,223
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Net income                                                          $ 51,160      $59,848     $ 53,863      $ 52,793
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------

Earnings per share:
   Basic                                                            $   0.76      $  0.89     $   0.80      $   0.79
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
   Diluted                                                          $   0.76      $  0.89     $   0.80      $   0.78
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------

Average shares:
   Basic                                                              67,051       67,078       67,117        67,085
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
   Diluted                                                            67,483       67,538       67,606        67,575
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------

                                                                                          2006
                                                                   ----------------------------------------------------

Interest revenue                                                    $ 266,924   $ 255,480    $ 240,440     $ 223,585
Interest expense                                                     142,646      131,502      119,334       106,259
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Net interest revenue                                                 124,278      123,978      121,106       117,326
Provision for credit losses                                            5,953        5,254        3,795         3,400
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Net interest revenue after provision for credit losses               118,325      118,724      117,311       113,926
Other operating revenue                                               95,107       93,486       93,635        90,967
Gain (loss) on securities, net                                          (864)       3,718       (2,583)       (1,221)
Gain (loss) on derivatives, net                                         (520)         379         (172)         (309)
Other operating expense                                              134,227      130,889      125,740       124,460
Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights                       (236)       7,921       (3,613)       (7,081)
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Income before taxes                                                   78,057       77,497       86,064        85,984
Income tax expense                                                    27,472       24,837       31,080        31,236
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
  Net income                                                        $ 50,585      $52,660     $ 54,984      $ 54,748
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------

Earnings per share:
   Basic                                                            $   0.76       $ 0.79     $   0.82      $   0.82
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
   Diluted                                                          $   0.75       $ 0.78     $   0.82      $   0.81
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------

Average shares:
   Basic                                                              66,814       66,756       66,775        66,715
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
   Diluted                                                            67,359       67,325       67,318        67,261
------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 24

Lines of Business

BOK Financial  operates five  principal  lines of business:  Oklahoma  corporate
banking,  Oklahoma consumer banking,  mortgage banking,  wealth management,  and
regional  banking.  Mortgage  banking  activities  include loan  origination and
servicing across all markets served by the Company.  Wealth management  provides
brokerage  and  trading,  private  financial  services and  investment  advisory
services in all  markets.  It also  provides  fiduciary  services in all markets
except  Colorado.  Fiduciary  services  in  Colorado  are  included  in regional
banking.  Regional banking consists  primarily of corporate and consumer banking
activities in the respective local markets.

In addition to its lines of business, BOK Financial has a funds management unit.
The primary  purpose of this unit is to manage the overall  liquidity  needs and
interest rate risk of the company.  Each line of business borrows funds from and
provides  funds  to the  funds  management  unit  as  needed  to  support  their
operations.  Operating results for Funds Management and Other include the effect
of interest rate risk positions and risk  management  activities,  the provision
for credit losses,  tax planning  strategies and certain executive  compensation
costs that are not attributed to the lines of business.

BOK Financial  allocates  resources and  evaluates  performance  of its lines of
business after allocation of funds, certain indirect expenses, taxes and capital
costs.  The  cost of  funds  borrowed  from  the  funds  management  unit by the
operating lines of business is transfer priced at rates that approximate  market
for funds with similar  duration.  Market is generally  based on the  applicable
LIBOR or interest rate swap rates,  adjusted for prepayment risk. This method of
transfer-pricing  funds that support  assets of the operating  lines of business
tends to insulate them from interest rate risk.

The value of funds  provided  by the  operating  lines of  business to the funds
management  unit is based on  applicable  Federal Home Loan Bank advance  rates.
Deposit accounts with indeterminate maturities,  such as demand deposit accounts
and  interest-bearing  transaction  accounts,  are  transfer-priced at a rolling
average based on expected duration of the accounts. The expected duration ranges
from 90 days for certain rate-sensitive deposits to five years.

Economic  capital is assigned to the business  units by a third-party  developed
capital  allocation  model that reflects  management's  assessment of risk. This
model  assigns  capital based upon credit,  operating,  interest rate and market
risk inherent in our business lines and recognizes the diversification  benefits
among the units. The level of assigned  economic capital is a combination of the
risk taken by each business line,  based on its actual  exposures and calibrated
to its own loss history where  possible.  Additional  capital is assigned to the
regional banking line of business based on our investment in those entities.

As shown in Table 7, net income  attributed  to our lines of business  increased
$2.3 million or 1% over last year.  Net losses from funds  management  and other
activities   for  2007  included  the   other-than-temporary-impairment   charge
recognized  on certain  preferred  stocks,  the excess of  provision  for credit
losses  over net loans  charged  off and the  contingent  obligation  to support
Visa's litigation costs.

During 2007,  operating  results for customer  hedging programs were transferred
from Regional  Banking to Wealth  Management which better aligns with management
responsibility  for this unit.  In  previous  years,  operating  results for the
Wealth  Management  Division included only hedging programs offered to customers
in the Oklahoma market.  Operating  results for 2006 and 2005 have been restated
for this change.

Table 7     Net Income by Line of Business
            (In Thousands)
                                           Years ended December 31,
                                        2007          2006           2005
                                   ------------- -------------- -------------
Oklahoma corporate banking           $ 78,306      $ 77,811       $ 68,150
Oklahoma consumer banking              37,194        35,703         24,511
Mortgage banking                         (325)        1,960          1,841
Wealth management                      28,952        28,250         21,903
Regional banking                       92,494        90,555         77,488
---------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------
     Subtotal                         236,621       234,279        193,893
Funds management and all other        (18,957)      (21,302)         7,612
---------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------
     Total                           $217,664      $212,977       $201,505
---------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------

<PAGE> 25

Oklahoma Corporate Banking

The Oklahoma  Corporate  Banking Division  provides loan and lease financing and
treasury and cash  management  services to  businesses  throughout  Oklahoma and
certain  relationships in surrounding states. In addition to serving the banking
needs of small businesses, middle market and larger customers, this Division has
specialized groups that serve customers in the energy,  agriculture,  healthcare
and banking/finance industries, and includes the TransFund network. The Oklahoma
Corporate Banking Division  contributed $78.3 million or 36% to consolidated net
income for 2007. This Division  contributed $77.8 million or 37% to consolidated
net income in 2006.  Net loans  charged off for the Oklahoma  Corporate  Banking
Division  totaled $7.2 million or 0.16% of average loans in 2007. Net recoveries
of loans charged off increased this  Division's  pre-tax income $495 thousand in
2006. Net interest  revenue  increased $6.5 million or 4% due primarily to asset
growth.  Average  earning  assets  attributed to this  division,  which consists
primarily of commercial  loans,  increased  $355 million or 8% over 2006 to $4.6
billion.  Average loans increased $258 million or 6% to $4.4 billion due largely
to growth in energy,  healthcare and indirect  automobile  loans.  Average funds
provided to the funds  management unit increased $94 million.  Average  deposits
attributed to the Oklahoma  Corporate Banking Division increased $316 million or
18%.  Operating  revenue grew $4.8 million or 5%. Operating  revenue provided by
TransFund  increased  $7.1 million or 13%.  Growth in fee revenue from TransFund
was partially offset by a $2.9 million  decrease in leasing  revenue.  Operating
expenses,  which  consist  primarily of  personnel  and data  processing  costs,
increased $3.7 million or 3%.  Personnel costs increased $3.1 million or 8%; all
other operating expenses increased $661 thousand.

Table 8   Oklahoma Corporate Banking
            (Dollars in Thousands)

                                 Years ended December 31,
                           ----------------------------------------
                                 2007         2006         2005
                           ----------------------------------------
   NIR (expense) from
     external sources        $ 248,889    $ 244,781    $ 208,044
   NIR (expense) from
     internal sources          (93,375)     (95,766)     (67,875)
                           ----------------------------------------
   Total net interest
     revenue                   155,514      149,015      140,169
   Other operating
     revenue                    93,865       89,106       83,619
   Gain on sale of assets        1,075            -        4,758
   Operating expense           115,116      111,380      110,395
   Net loans charged off         7,234         (495)       6,481
   Net income                $  78,306    $  77,811    $  68,150

   Average assets           $5,841,449   $5,214,916   $4,722,030
   Average economic capital    391,920      395,490      338,470

   Return on assets               1.34%        1.49%        1.44%
   Return on economic capital    19.98        19.67        20.13
   Efficiency ratio              45.96        46.77        48.30

<PAGE> 26

Oklahoma Consumer Banking

The Oklahoma Consumer Banking Division provides a full line of deposit, loan and
fee-based  services  to  customers   throughout   Oklahoma  through  four  major
distribution channels:  traditional branches,  supermarket branches, the 24-hour
ExpressBank  call  center and the  Internet.  Additionally,  the  division  is a
significant  referral  source for the Bank of  Oklahoma  Mortgage  Division  and
BOSC's retail brokerage division.  Consumer banking services are offered through
34 locations in Tulsa, 32 locations in Oklahoma City and 16 locations throughout
the state.  Oklahoma Consumer Banking opened six branches during 2007, including
two in the Tulsa and four in the  Oklahoma  City areas.  Plans for 2008  include
opening four new banking locations, primarily in Tulsa and Oklahoma City.

The Oklahoma  Consumer  Banking  Division  contributed  $37.2  million or 17% to
consolidated  net  income  for  2007,  compared  to  $35.7  million  or  17%  of
consolidated  net income for 2006. Net interest  revenue grew $4.3 million or 6%
over 2006. Average loans attributed to the Oklahoma Consumer Banking Division in
2007 increased $19 million or 7% compared with 2006.  Average deposits  provided
by the  Oklahoma  Consumer  Banking  Division  grew  $87  million  or 3% to $2.9
billion.  Average demand deposits were up $24 million or 7% over 2006.  Interest
bearing  deposits  increased  $64 million or 3%,  including an $85 million or 9%
increase  in  interest  bearing  transaction  accounts  and a $22  million or 2%
decrease in time  deposits.  Other  operating  revenue was up $5.6 million or 8%
over 2006 largely from check card revenue and overdraft fees. Operating expenses
increased $7.3 million or 9% over 2006, including a $2.9 million or 10% increase
in personnel expense and a $4.4 million or 9% increase in non-personnel expense.
Net loans  charged-off,  which consist  primarily of overdrawn deposit accounts,
totaled $2.9 million for 2007 and $2.8 million for 2006.

Table 9     Oklahoma Consumer Banking
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                           Years ended December 31,
                                   ------------------------------------------
                                        2007          2006          2005
                                     ------------ ------------- -------------

  NIR (expense) from external sources    $(68,034)   $ (62,447)   $  (43,411)
  NIR (expense from internal sources      140,980      131,131        98,291
                                      ------------ ------------- -------------
  Total net interest
     revenue                              72,946       68,684        54,880
  Other operating
     revenue                              78,296       72,699        66,174
  Operating expense                       87,556       80,250        77,757
  Net loans charged
     off                                   2,918        2,780         3,094
  Net income                            $ 37,194     $ 35,703      $ 24,511

  Average assets                      $2,927,994   $2,836,692    $2,657,824
  Average economic capital                61,780       58,570        51,480

  Return on assets                         1.27%        1.26%         0.92%
  Return on economic capital              60.20        60.96         47.61
  Efficiency ratio                        57.89        56.76         64.23

<PAGE> 27

Mortgage Banking

BOK Financial  engages in mortgage banking  activities  through the BOk Mortgage
Division  of  Bank  of  Oklahoma.  These  activities  include  the  origination,
marketing and servicing of conventional and government-sponsored mortgage loans.
BOk Mortgage incurred a net loss of $325 thousand in 2007 compared to net income
of $2.0 million in 2006. Changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights,
net of hedging  activity,  reduced net income $2.1 million in 2007 and increased
net income $1.2 million in 2006.

Mortgage banking activities consisted primarily of two sectors,  loan production
and loan servicing.  The loan  production  sector  generally  performs best when
mortgage  rates  are  relatively  low and loan  origination  volumes  are  high.
Conversely,  the loan  servicing  sector  generally  performs best when mortgage
rates are relatively  high and  prepayments  are low. In addition,  the Mortgage
Banking  Division  holds a permanent  portfolio of $422  million of  residential
mortgage loans which generated net income of $1.2 million in 2007.

Table 10     Mortgage Banking
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                    Years ended December 31,
                           -------------------------------------------
                                2007         2006           2005
                           -------------------------------------------
  NIR (expense) from
    external sources         $ 36,800     $ 23,638       $ 20,237
  NIR (expense) from
    internal sources          (32,451)     (20,307)       (14,882)
                           -------------------------------------------
  Total net interest
    revenue                     4,349        3,331          5,355
  Capitalized mortgage
    servicing rights           14,080       11,917         17,402
  Other operating
    revenue                    16,732       17,287         15,347
  Gain on sale of assets            -            -          1,232
  Operating expense            31,706       30,731         34,736
  Change in fair value of
    mortgage servicing rights   2,893       (3,009)             -
  Recovery for
    impairment of mortgage
    servicing rights                -            -         (3,915)
  Gain (loss) on
    financial
    instruments, net             (486)      (1,102)        (5,087)
  Net income (loss)          $   (325)    $  1,960       $  1,841

  Average assets             $724,378     $519,371       $514,530
  Average economic capital     24,100       24,460         23,580

  Return on assets              (0.04)%       0.38%          0.36%
  Return on economic capital    (1.35)        8.01           7.81
  Efficiency ratio              90.17        94.46          88.31

Loan Production Sector

Loan production  revenue totaled $10.5 million in 2007,  including $14.1 million
of capitalized  mortgage  servicing  rights,  partially  offset by net losses on
mortgage  loans sold.  Loan  production  revenue  totaled $11.2 million in 2006.
Capitalized  mortgage servicing rights provided $11.9 million,  partially offset
by net  losses on  mortgage  loans  sold.  The  average  initial  fair  value of
servicing rights on mortgage loans funded was 1.39% for 2007 and 1.37% for 2006.
The increased loss on mortgage loans sold was due to competitive  pricing during
the year and  increased  costs of loan  originations.  During 2007 we  increased
compensation  rates paid for loan production in our regional  markets.  Mortgage
loans  funded  totaled  $1.1  billion in 2007,  including  $777 million for home
purchases and $326 million of refinanced  loans.  Mortgage  loans funded in 2006
totaled $871 million, including $628 million for home purchases and $243 million
of refinanced  loans.  Approximately 61% and 13% of the loans funded during 2007
were in Oklahoma and Texas, respectively. In 2006, approximately 68% of mortgage
loans  funded  were in  Oklahoma.  Operating  expenses,  excluding  direct  loan
production costs which are recognized as part of the gain or loss on loans sold,
totaled  $11.6 million in 2007 and $11.5  million in 2006.  Pre-tax  income from
loan  production  totaled $80 thousand for 2007  compared with $142 thousand for
the previous  year.  The  pipeline of mortgage  loan  applications  totaled $330
million at December 31, 2007, compared to $199 million at December 31, 2006.

<PAGE> 28

Loan Servicing Sector

The loan  servicing  sector had pre-tax loss of $2.6  million for 2007  compared
with pre-tax  income of $1.6 million for 2006.  We recognized a net pre-tax loss
of $3.4  million  in 2007 and a net  pre-tax  gain of $1.9  million in 2006 from
changes  in  the  value  of  mortgage  servicing  rights  and  economic  hedging
activities.  Changes in mortgage commitment rates, prepayment speed assumptions,
discount rates and other estimates of future activities decreased the fair value
of mortgage  servicing  rights  recognized  in earnings by $2.9 million in 2007.
These same factors  increased the fair value of mortgage  servicing  rights $3.0
million  in 2006.  Changes  in the fair  value of  securities  designated  as an
economic  hedge of our servicing  rights did not offset the decrease in value of
our servicing  rights in 2007.  Economic hedge  activity  produced net losses of
$486 thousand in 2007 and $1.1 million in 2006.

Servicing revenue,  including revenue on loans serviced for affiliates,  totaled
$19.2 million in 2007 compared to $18.5 million in 2006. The average outstanding
balance of loans  serviced was $5.2 billion during 2007 compared to $4.9 billion
during 2006.  Servicing  revenue per  outstanding  loan  principal  was 37 basis
points in 2007 compared with 38 basis points in 2006. Approximately 92% of loans
serviced was in our primary  market areas at December 31, 2007,  compared to 88%
at December  31,  2006.  Servicing  costs  total $7.6  million for 2007 and $8.1
million for 2006.  At December 31, 2007,  the total number of loans  serviced by
BOk Mortgage  totaled  58,228.  Serviced loans  delinquent 90 days or more or in
process of foreclosure  totaled 589; 361 of these loans are in Oklahoma,  56 are
in Arkansas and 33 are in Texas.

The fair value of mortgage  servicing rights decreased $10.8 million during 2007
and $10.4  million  during  2006 due to actual  runoff of the  underlying  loans
serviced.  This reduction in fair value is included in mortgage banking costs in
the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.

BOK Financial  designated a portion of its  securities  portfolio as an economic
hedge  against the risk of changes in the fair value of its  mortgage  servicing
rights.  These securities,  which are identified as mortgage trading  securities
are carried at fair value.  Changes in fair value are  recognized in earnings as
they occur.  Additionally,  mortgage-related  derivative  contracts  may also be
designated  as an  economic  hedge  of the  risk of loss on  mortgage  servicing
rights.  Because  the fair  values of these  instruments  are  expected  to vary
inversely  to the fair  value of the  servicing  rights,  they are  expected  to
partially  offset risk. No special hedge  accounting  treatment is applicable to
either the mortgage servicing rights or the financial instruments  designated as
an economic hedge.

Our hedging strategy presents certain risks. A well-developed  market determines
the  fair  value  for  the  securities  and  derivatives,  however  there  is no
comparable market for mortgage servicing rights.  Therefore, the computed change
in value of the servicing  rights for a specified  change in interest  rates may
not correlate to the change in value of the securities.

At December 31, 2007,  financial  instruments  with a fair value of $155 million
and an  unrealized  gain of $781  thousand  were  held  for the  economic  hedge
program.  The interest rate  sensitivity  of the mortgage  servicing  rights and
securities  held as a hedge is modeled over a range of +/- 50 basis  points.  At
December 31, 2007,  the pre-tax  results of this  modeling on reported  earnings
were:

Table 11    Interest Rate Sensitivity - Mortgage Servicing
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                          50 bp        50 bp
                                         Increase     Decrease
                                      ------------- -----------
  Anticipated change in:
    Fair value of mortgage
       servicing rights                $  3,327      $ (5,295)
    Fair value of hedging securities     (3,976)        3,606
  ----------------------------------- ------------- -----------
  Net                                  $   (649)     $ (1,689)
  ----------------------------------- ------------- -----------

Table 11 shows the non-linear effect of changes in mortgage  commitment rates on
the value of mortgage  servicing  rights.  A 50 basis point increase in rates is
expected to increase the fair value of our servicing rights $3.3 million while a
50 basis point decrease is expected to reduce the fair value $5.3 million.  This
considers that there is an upper limit to appreciation in the value of servicing
rights as rates  rise due to the  contractual  repayment  terms of the loans and
other factors. This is much less of a limit of the speed at which mortgage loans
may prepay in a declining rate environment.

Modeling  changes in the value of  mortgage  servicing  rights due to changes in
interest rates assumes stable  relationships  between mortgage  commitment rates
and discount rates used to determine the present value of future cash flows.  It
also assumes a stable  relationship  between the assumed loan prepayment  speeds
and actual  prepayments of our loans.  Changes in market conditions can increase
or decrease the discount  spread over  benchmark  rates expected by investors in
mortgage servicing rights and actual prepayments may increase or decrease due to
factors other than changes in interest rates. These factors and others may cause
changes  in the  value of our  mortgage  servicing  rights  to  differ  from our
expectations.

<PAGE> 29

Wealth Management

BOK  Financial  provides a wide range of financial  services  through its wealth
management line of business, including trust and private financial services, and
brokerage and trading activities.  This line of business includes the activities
of BOSC,  Inc.,  a  registered  broker /  dealer.  Trust and  private  financial
services  includes sales of institutional,  investment and retirement  products,
loans and other  services to affluent  individuals,  businesses,  not-for-profit
organizations,  and governmental agencies. Trust services are provided primarily
to  clients  throughout  Oklahoma,  Texas and New  Mexico.  Additionally,  trust
services  include a nationally  competitive,  self-directed  401-(k) program and
administrative  and  advisory  services to the  American  Performance  family of
mutual funds. Brokerage and trading activities within the wealth management line
of business consists of retail sales of mutual funds, securities, and annuities,
institutional  sales of securities and derivatives,  bond underwriting and other
financial advisory services and customer risk management programs.

Wealth  Management  contributed  $29.0 million or 13% to consolidated net income
for 2007. This compared to $28.2 million or 13% of  consolidated  net income for
2006.

Trust and private  financial  services  provided  $20.3 million of net income in
2007,  down $1.2  million or 6% from 2006.  Trust fees and  commissions  for the
Wealth Management line of business totaled $67.6 million,  a $6.0 million or 10%
increase  over last year. At December 31, 2007 and 2006,  the Wealth  Management
line of business was responsible  for trust assets with aggregate  market values
of $33.3  billion  and $29.0  billion,  respectively,  under  various  fiduciary
arrangements.  The growth in trust assets  reflected  increased  market value of
assets  managed in addition to new business  generated  during the year. We have
sole or joint  discretionary  authority  over $12.7  billion of trust  assets at
December  31, 2007  compared to $10.8  billion of trust  assets at December  31,
2006.  The fair value of  non-managed  assets  increased  $1.3  billion to $12.7
billion at year-end  2007.  Assets held in  safekeeping  totaled $7.9 billion at
December 31, 2007.  Operating expenses attributed to trust and private financial
services  increased  $6.5 million or 10%,  including $3.9 million from personnel
expenses.  Expenses also included $2.2 million paid to settle claims made by the
American  Performance  Funds  against  AXIA  Investment   Management,   Inc.,  a
wholly-owned  subsidiary  of BOk whose  activities  are  included  in the Wealth
Management  line  of  business.  See  Note  15  to  the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements for additional information.

Brokerage  and trading  activities  provided  $8.6 million of net income in 2007
compared to $6.7 million in the previous year.  Operating revenue increased $6.2
million or 10% due to a $4.8 million  increase in revenue from retail  brokerage
activities.  Operating  expenses,  which  consisted  primarily  of  compensation
expense increased $6.1 million or 14%. Incentive  compensation  expense which is
directly related to revenue growth was up $3.8 million or 25%.

Table 12   Wealth Management
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                     Years ended December 31,
                               --------------------------------------
                                    2007         2006         2005
                               ------------- ------------ ------------
  NIR (expense) from
    external sources            $  13,385     $  15,148    $  12,488
  NIR (expense) from
    internal sources               18,781        13,030        8,504
                                ------------- ------------ ------------
  Total net interest
     revenue                       32,166        28,178       20,992
  Other operating
     revenue                      137,057       124,170      109,405
  Operating expense               118,493       105,906       94,338
  American Performance Fund
    settlement                      2,232            -             -
  Net income                    $  28,952     $  28,250    $  21,903

  Average assets               $1,894,677    $1,831,377   $1,748,104
  Average economic capital        154,540       149,960      114,400

  Return on assets                   1.53%         1.54%        1.25%
  Return on economic capital        18.73         18.84        19.15
  Efficiency ratio                  71.34         69.52        72.35

<PAGE> 30

Regional Banking

Regional  banking  consists  primarily of the corporate and  commercial  banking
services  provided  by Bank of Texas,  Bank of  Albuquerque,  Bank of  Arkansas,
Colorado State Bank and Trust,  Bank of Arizona and Bank of Kansas City in their
respective  markets.  It also includes  fiduciary  services provided by Colorado
State Bank and Trust.  Small businesses and  middle-market  corporations are the
regional  banks' primary  customer focus.  Regional  banking  contributed  $92.5
million or 42% to consolidated  net income during 2007. This compares with $90.6
million  or 43% of  consolidated  net  income  in  2006.  Growth  in net  income
contributed by the regional  banking came primarily from operations in Texas and
Colorado. Net income for 2007 in Texas and Colorado increased $2.6 million or 5%
and $1.6 million or 12%,  respectively,  from the previous year. In addition net
income from our Arkansas  banking  operations  grew $711  thousand or 26%. A $74
million  increase in average  indirect  automobile  loans  helped  increase  net
interest revenue $2.8 million or 40% over 2006.

Texas growth  resulted  from an increase in net interest  revenue.  Net interest
revenue  increased  $11.9 million or 8%. Average  earning assets  increased $442
million,  including a $569 million increase in loans and a $122 million decrease
in securities.  Average loans totaled $2.9 billion for 2007 and $2.3 billion for
2006.  Middle market loans were up $245 million or 49% with solid growth in both
Dallas,  Fort Worth and Houston.  The  acquisition  of Worth National Bank added
$157 million of average outstanding loans in the Fort Worth market. Energy loans
grew $36  million or 7% and real  estate  loans  increased  $72  million or 21%.
Community  banking loans  increased $47 million or 6% over last year. The growth
in average  earning  assets was funded  primarily by a $294 million  increase in
average  deposits.  Average  deposits  totaled  $3.0  billion  for 2007 and $2.7
billion  for 2006.  Corporate  banking  deposits  were up $162  million  or 37%.
Average community  banking deposits  decreased $16 million or 1% from last year.
Consumer banking  deposits also increased,  up $53 million or 6%. In addition to
five branches  acquired with Worth  National Bank, we opened five branch offices
in the Texas market during 2007 and plan to open four locations in 2008.

Other operating  revenue in the Texas market  increased $4.2 million or 18% over
2006 due  primarily  to a $3.1  million  increase in deposit fees and debit card
revenue.  Operating  expenses  were up $13.4  million or 16%,  including an $8.2
million or 18% increase in personnel  costs.  Approximately  $4.5 million of the
increase in  personnel  costs was due to the Worth  National  Bank  acquisition.
Worth National Bank was fully-integrated  into our Texas banking operations upon
completion of the systems conversion in February 2008.

Net income continued to increase at our Colorado operations,  up $1.6 million or
12%.  Net interest  revenue  increased  $8.0  million or 22% over 2006.  Average
earning assets attributed to our Colorado  operations  increased $467 million or
42%.  Securities  and funds sold to the funds  management  unit  increased  $261
million.  Average  loans  totaled $733 million for 2007,  up $206 million or 39%
over 2006.  Energy loans in the Colorado  market  increased  $74 million or 39%.
Commercial  real estate loans were up $77 million or 57%,  including  commercial
real estate loans acquired with First United Bank.  Average  deposits  increased
$282 million or 39% to $1.0 billion,  including  consumer deposit growth of $137
million and wealth management deposit growth of $105 million.

Other operating revenue increased $2.4 million or 21% due primarily to growth in
trust fees and deposit service charges.  The fair value of trust assets overseen
by Colorado  State Bank and Trust was $3.0 billion at December 31, 2007,  up 13%
from December 31, 2006. Operating expenses in Colorado increased $7.5 million or
28% over last year.  Personnel  expenses  were up $3.0 million and occupancy and
equipment expenses were up $1.5 million,  including additional expenses from the
First United  acquisition.  First United Bank was  integrated  into our Colorado
banking  operations upon completion of the systems conversion in September 2007.
We now have 17 banking  locations  in  Colorado,  including  15 in  metropolitan
Denver, one in Colorado Springs and one in Boulder.

Net income in New Mexico  totaled $21.2 million for 2007, up $828 thousand or 4%
over 2006. Net interest  revenue  increased  $4.2 million or 9% while  operating
revenue was up $1.6 million or 10%.  Average loans increased $111 million or 18%
to $738 million for 2007.  Commercial  loans were up $81 million and  commercial
real estate loans were up $22 million. New Mexico provided deposit growth of $50
million or 5% during 2007,  including $41 million of consumer deposits.  Average
deposits  were  $1.0  billion  for 2007 and $961  million  for  2006.  Operating
expenses  increased $2.9 million or 10%. Personnel costs in New Mexico increased
$1.0  million  or 9% and  deposit  insurance  costs were up $555  thousand.  The
one-time credit that offsets deposit  insurance expense was not available to our
banking  operations  in New Mexico.  Operating  results for 2007  included  $3.6
million of net loans  charged off, up from $2.1 million of net loans charged off
in 2006.

Net income at Bank of Arizona decreased $597 thousand in its second full year of
operations  as a BOK Financial  unit.  Net income for 2007 totaled $1.2 million,
down from $1.8 million last year.  The decrease in net income was due largely to
a $1.6 million increase in net loans charged off. Net interest revenue grew $3.8
million.  Average loans  increased $202 million to $515 million.  Small business
and middle market  commercial  loans increased $83 million  compared to 2006. In
addition,  average  commercial  real  estate  loans  grew $33  million or 28% in
Phoenix and $93 million or 141% in Tucson.  Operating  expenses  increased  $3.5
million,  including $2.1 million of personnel  costs as we continue to expand in
the Arizona market.

We initiated  full-service  banking operations in the Kansas City market in late
2006. Currently,  we have one location in Overland Park, Kansas and one location
in Kansas City,  Missouri.  During 2007, average loans in the Kansas City market
increased  $27  million to $135  million.  Operations  in the Kansas City market
incurred a $2.6 million net loss due primarily to initial operating costs.

<PAGE> 31

Table 13   Bank of Texas
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                             Years ended December 31,
                                     -----------------------------------------
                                        2007          2006          2005
                                     -----------------------------------------

NIR (expense) from external sources   $191,235      $168,486      $143,081
NIR (expense) from internal sources    (33,727)      (22,848)      (12,269)
                                     ------------- ------------- -------------
Total net interest revenue             157,508       145,638       130,812

Other operating revenue                 27,907        23,720        23,719
Operating expense                       98,044        84,628        79,371
Net loans charged off                    2,602         5,081         2,719
Net income                            $ 54,498      $ 51,866      $ 47,350

Average assets                      $4,341,793    $3,734,953    $3,235,236
Average economic capital               192,720       247,710       183,430
Average invested capital               444,980       414,790       350,510

Return on assets                           1.26%         1.39%         1.46%
Return on economic capital                28.28         20.94         25.81
Return on average invested capital        12.25         12.50         13.51
Efficiency ratio                          52.88         49.97         51.36


Table 14   Bank of Albuquerque
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                             Years ended December 31,
                                     -----------------------------------------
                                        2007          2006          2005
                                     -----------------------------------------
NIR (expense) from external sources    $73,501      $ 64,695      $ 57,169
NIR (expense) from internal sources    (21,973)      (17,332)      (11,764)
                                     ------------- ------------- -------------
Total net interest revenue              51,528        47,363        45,405

Other operating revenue                 17,290        16,023        15,282
Operating expense                       30,792        27,891        28,049
Net loans charged off                    3,645         2,117           932
Net income                            $ 21,238      $ 20,410      $ 19,385

Average assets                      $1,604,217    $1,463,374    $1,549,928
Average economic capital                90,230        82,810        76,760
Average invested capital               109,320       101,900        95,850

Return on assets                           1.32%         1.39%         1.25%
Return on economic capital                23.54         24.65         25.25
Return on average invested capital        19.43         20.03         20.22
Efficiency ratio                          44.74         44.00         46.22

<PAGE> 32

Table 15   Bank of Arkansas
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                             Years ended December 31,
                                     -----------------------------------------
                                        2007          2006          2005
                                     -----------------------------------------
NIR (expense) from external sources    $16,798      $ 10,442      $ 11,100
NIR (expense) from internal sources     (6,895)       (3,389)       (3,603)
                                     ------------- ------------- -------------
Total net interest revenue               9,903         7,053         7,497

Other operating revenue                  1,276         1,538         1,605
Operating expense                        4,343         3,859         3,543
Net loans charged off                    1,171           205            53
Net income                            $  3,453      $  2,742      $  3,376

Average assets                        $344,164      $202,018      $250,863
Average economic capital                18,280        14,940        11,950
Average invested capital                18,280        14,940        11,950

Return on assets                          1.00%         1.36%         1.35%
Return on economic capital               18.89         18.35         28.25
Return on average invested capital       18.89         18.35         28.25
Efficiency ratio                         38.85         44.92         38.93


Table 16   Colorado State Bank and Trust
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                              Years ended December 31,
                                      -----------------------------------------
                                         2007          2006          2005
                                      -----------------------------------------
NIR (expense) from external sources    $ 74,062      $ 54,722      $ 35,302
NIR (expense) from internal sources     (29,555)      (18,227)       (7,679)
                                      ------------- ------------- -------------
Total net interest revenue               44,507        36,495        27,623

Other operating revenue                  13,449        11,137         9,912
Operating expense                        33,655        26,195        23,507
Net loans charged off / (recovered)         209           (36)        2,517
Net income                             $ 14,742      $ 13,119      $  6,991

Average assets                       $1,733,926    $1,214,161      $783,269
Average economic capital                 89,500        59,610        47,440
Average invested capital                144,800       114,910        89,430

Return on assets                            0.85%         1.08%         0.89%
Return on economic capital                 16.47         22.01         14.74
Return on average invested capital         10.18         11.42          7.82
Efficiency ratio                           58.07         54.99         62.63

<PAGE> 33

Table 17   Bank of Arizona
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                              Years ended December 31,
                                      -----------------------------------------
                                         2007          2006          2005
                                      -----------------------------------------
NIR (expense) from external sources     $40,140       $27,818       $10,855
NIR (expense) from internal sources     (20,651)      (12,119)       (2,796)
                                      ------------- ------------- -------------
Total net interest revenue               19,489        15,699         8,059

Other operating revenue                     771           532           956
Operating expense                        16,764        13,238         8,556
Net loans charged off / (recovered)       1,588             9           (31)
Net income                             $  1,166      $  1,763      $    386

Average assets                         $583,156      $404,920      $199,224
Average economic capital                 47,740        29,370         7,070
Average invested capital                 64,390        46,020        23,720

Return on assets                           0.20%         0.44%         0.19%
Return on economic capital                 2.44          6.00          5.46
Return on average invested capital         1.81          3.83          1.63
Efficiency ratio                          82.74         81.56         94.91


Table 18   Bank of Kansas City
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                               Years ended December 31,
                                       ------------------------------------
                                          2007          2006          2005
                                       ------------------------------------
NIR (expense) from external sources     $ 10,651          ***          ***
NIR (expense) from internal sources       (6,317)         ***          ***
                                       ------------- ------------- --------
Total net interest revenue                 4,334          ***          ***

Other operating revenue                    2,546          ***          ***
Operating expense                         11,136          ***          ***
Net loans charged off                          3          ***          ***
Net income                              $ (2,603)         ***          ***

Average assets                          $177,773          ***          ***
Average economic capital                   7,520          ***          ***
Average invested capital                   7,520          ***          ***

Return on assets                           (1.46)%        ***          ***
Return on economic capital                (34.61)         ***          ***
Return on average invested capital        (34.61)         ***          ***
Efficiency ratio                          161.86          ***          ***

*** Data not applicable or meaningful due to commencement of operations in
November 2006.

<PAGE> 34

Assessment of Financial Condition

Securities

BOK Financial maintains a securities portfolio to support its interest rate risk
management  strategies,  provide  liquidity  and  profitability  and comply with
regulatory   requirements.   Securities   are  classified  as  either  held  for
investment, available for sale or trading.

<TABLE>
Table 19   Securities
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                         December 31,
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   2007                      2006                      2005
                                         ------------------------- ------------------------- -------------------------
                                          Amortized      Fair       Amortized      Fair       Amortized      Fair
                                            Cost         Value        Cost         Value        Cost         Value
                                         ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Investment:
<S>                                       <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>
  U.S. Treasury                           $        -   $        -   $    1,999   $    1,995  $    1,994    $    1,976
  Municipal and other tax-exempt             242,274      243,061      240,976      238,869     240,359       238,649
  Other debt securities                        5,675        5,727        5,714        5,744       2,772         2,781
---------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
     Total                                $  247,949   $  248,788   $  248,689   $  246,608  $  245,125    $  243,406
---------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Available for sale:
    U.S. Treasury                         $    6,961      $ 7,088   $    6,014   $    5,983  $   16,037    $   15,827
    Municipal and other tax-exempt            26,478       26,578       77,860       78,614      17,153        17,078
    Mortgage-backed securities:
      U.S. agencies                        3,838,219    3,817,939    3,204,592    3,128,138    3,507,047    3,424,356
      Other                                1,664,537    1,641,189    1,361,373    1,333,533    1,277,161    1,250,701
---------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
        Total mortgage-backed securities   5,502,756    5,459,128    4,565,965    4,461,671    4,784,208    4,675,057
---------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
    Other debt securities                         42           41           46           45          124          124
    Equity securities and mutual funds       151,689      157,705      101,960      108,748      108,914      113,489
---------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total                               $5,687,926   $5,650,540   $4,751,845   $4,655,061  $ 4,926,436   $4,821,575
---------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
  Mortgage trading:
    Mortgage-backed U.S. agency securities$  153,920   $  154,701   $  163,094   $  162,837            -            -
---------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
</TABLE>

Investment securities,  which consist primarily of Oklahoma municipal bonds, are
carried at cost and  adjusted  for  amortization  of  premiums or  accretion  of
discounts.  At December 31,  2007,  investment  securities  were carried at $248
million  and had a fair value of $249  million.  Management  has the ability and
intent to hold these securities until they mature.

Available for sale securities,  which may be sold prior to maturity, are carried
at fair value.  Unrealized gains or losses, less deferred taxes, are recorded as
accumulated other  comprehensive  income in shareholders'  equity. The amortized
cost of available for sale securities totaled $5.7 billion at December 31, 2007,
up $936 million  compared with the previous  year-end.  Growth in the securities
portfolio  generally  consisted  of  highly-rated,  fixed  rate  mortgage-backed
securities.  These securities  supplement the Company's earnings and help manage
the  balance  sheet to a  position  that is  essentially  neutral  to changes in
interest rates.  Mortgage-backed  securities  represented 97% of total available
for sale securities at year end.

The primary  risk of holding  mortgage-backed  securities  comes from  extension
during periods of rising interest rates or prepayment  during periods of falling
interest  rates. We evaluate this risk through  extensive  modeling of risk both
before  making  an  investment  and  throughout  the life of the  security.  The
expected duration of the mortgage-backed  securities portfolio was approximately
2.3 years at December 31, 2007.  Management estimates that the expected duration
would extend to  approximately  3.1 years  assuming a 300 basis point  immediate
rate shock. Mortgage-backed securities also have credit risk from delinquency or
default of the underlying  loans.  The Company  mitigates this risk by primarily
investing  in  securities  issued by U.S.  government  agencies.  Principal  and
interest  payments  on the  underlying  loans  are  either  fully  or  partially
guaranteed.  Credit risk on  mortgage-backed  securities  originated  by private
issuers is mitigated by investment in senior tranches with additional collateral
support.

During the first half of 2007, the Company invested $41 million in variable rate
perpetual  preferred  stocks  issued by six major  banks and  brokerage  houses.
Although  these  issuers  remain  rated  investment  grade by the  major  rating
agencies and all scheduled  dividend payments have been made, the fair values of
these stocks  declined to $33 million at December  31,  2007.  Based on widening
credit spreads, the duration and severity of the reduction in fair value and the
market's  negative  outlook  on the  financial  services  sector  for  2008,  we
determined  that a  recovery  of fair  value to at least the cost basis of these
securities was not expected in the near term. An other-than-temporary-impairment
charge of $8.6 million was recognized through earnings.

Net unrealized  losses on available for sale  securities  totaled $37 million at
December 31, 2007 compared with net unrealized losses of $97 million at December
31, 2006. The aggregate  gross amount of unrealized  losses at December 31, 2007
totaled $62 million.  Management evaluated the securities with unrealized losses
to  determine  if we believe  that the losses were  temporary.  This  evaluation
considered  factors such as causes of the  unrealized  losses and  prospects for
recovery over various interest rate

<PAGE> 35

scenarios and time periods. The portfolio does not hold any securities backed by
sub-prime mortgage loans, collateralized debt obligations or collateralized loan
obligations. Approximately $395 million of Alt-A mortgage-backed securities were
held at  December  31,  2007  with a  total  unrealized  loss  of $6.7  million.
Approximately  79%  of  the  Alt-A  backed   securities,   including  all  Alt-A
mortgage-backed  securities  originated in 2006 and 2007,  are AAA rated and are
credit enhanced with additional collateral support.  Approximately 96% of all of
our Alt-A  mortgage-backed  securities  represent  pools of fixed-rate  mortgage
loans. Management does not believe that any of the unrealized losses were due to
credit  concerns.  We also  considered  our intent and ability to either hold or
sell the securities.  It is our belief, based on currently available information
and our  evaluation,  that  the  unrealized  losses  in  these  securities  were
temporary.

Certain mortgage-backed  securities,  identified as mortgage trading securities,
have been  designated as economic  hedges of mortgage  servicing  rights.  These
securities  are carried at fair value with changes in fair value  recognized  in
current period income.  These  securities are held with the intent that gains or
losses will offset changes in the fair value of mortgage  servicing rights.  The
Company  also  maintains  a  separate  trading   portfolio.   Trading  portfolio
securities,  which are also  carried at fair  value  with  changes in fair value
recognized in current  period  income,  are acquired and held with the intent to
sell at a profit to the Company.

Bank-Owned Life Insurance

The Company invested $202 million in bank-owned life insurance during 2006. This
investment  is  expected  to provide a  long-term  source of earnings to support
existing  employee  benefit  plans.  Substantially  all of the funds are held in
separate accounts and invested in U.S. government, mortgage-backed and corporate
debt  securities.  The cash surrender  value of the life  insurance  policies is
further  supported by a stable value wrap, which protects against changes in the
fair  value of the  investments.  The  cash  surrender  value  of the  policies,
including  the value of the stable value wrap,  was $207 million at December 31,
2007. In addition to the investment in the separate accounts,  $8 million of the
amount  invested was used to pay taxes on the  insurance  premiums.  These taxes
will be recovered over a ten-year  period.  At December 31, 2007, a $5.9 million
receivable  was recorded  based on the present  value of the taxes.  The Company
also has life insurance policies obtained through various bank acquisitions with
an aggregate cash surrender value of $17 million.

Loans

The aggregate  loan  portfolio  before  allowance for loan losses  totaled $12.0
billion at December 31,  2007,  a $1.3 billion or 12% increase  since last year.
Loan growth was broadly  distributed among the various segments of the portfolio
and across all geographic markets.

The commercial loan portfolio increased $529 million during 2007 to $6.7 billion
at December 31, 2007.  Energy loans  totaled $2.0 billion or 16% of total loans.
Outstanding   energy   loans   increased   $192  million  or  11%  during  2007.
Approximately $1.6 billion of energy loans was to oil and gas producers, up from
$1.5  billion at December  31,  2006.  The amount of credit  available  to these
customers  generally depends on a percentage of the value of their proven energy
reserves based on anticipated prices. The energy category also included loans to
borrowers  involved  in the  transportation  and  sale  of oil  and  gas  and to
borrowers  that  manufacture  equipment or provide other  services to the energy
industry.  The energy category of our loan portfolio is distributed $1.0 billion
in Oklahoma, $600 million in Texas and $294 million in Colorado.

The services  sector of the loan portfolio  totaled $1.7 billion or 14% of total
loans  and  consists  of a large  number of loans to a  variety  of  businesses,
including communications, gaming and transportation services. Approximately $1.2
billion of the services category is made up of loans with individual balances of
less than $10 million.  Approximately $641 million of the outstanding balance of
services loans is attributed to Texas, $563 million to Oklahoma and $231 million
to New Mexico.

Other  notable loan  concentrations  by primary  industry of the  borrowers  are
presented in Table 20.

<PAGE> 36

<TABLE>
Table 20    Loans
            (In Thousands)
                                                                               December 31,
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          2007         2006         2005         2004          2003
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Commercial:
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
   Energy                                            $1,954,967   $1,763,180   $1,399,417   $1,223,195    $1,231,599
   Services                                           1,721,143    1,555,141    1,425,821    1,190,814       989,906
   Wholesale/retail                                   1,081,172      932,531      793,032      699,318       668,202
   Manufacturing                                        493,185      609,571      514,792      484,423       482,657
   Healthcare                                           680,294      602,273      520,309      424,257       393,929
   Agriculture                                          236,860      321,380      291,858      262,436       228,222
   Other commercial and industrial                      569,884      424,808      354,706      291,393       342,187
                                                      ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total commercial                                 6,737,505    6,208,884    5,299,935    4,575,836     4,336,702
Commercial real estate:
   Construction and land development                  1,004,547      889,925      638,366      457,399       436,087
   Multifamily                                          214,388      239,000      204,620      231,985       271,119
   Other real estate loans                            1,531,537    1,317,615    1,146,916      931,726       922,886
                                                      ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total commercial real estate                     2,750,472    2,446,540    1,989,902    1,621,110     1,630,092
Residential mortgage:
   Secured by 1-4 family residential properties       1,531,296    1,256,259    1,169,331    1,198,918     1,015,643
   Residential mortgages held for sale                   76,677       64,625       51,666       40,262        56,543
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total residential mortgage                       1,607,973    1,320,884    1,220,997    1,239,180     1,072,186
Consumer                                                921,297      739,495      629,144      492,841       444,909
---------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total                                          $12,017,247  $10,715,803   $9,139,978   $7,928,967    $7,483,889
---------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
</TABLE>

BOK Financial participates in shared national credits when appropriate to obtain
or maintain business relationships with local customers. Shared national credits
are defined by banking  regulators  as credits of more than $20 million and with
three or more  non-affiliated  banks as participants.  At December 31, 2007, the
outstanding principal balance of these loans totaled $1.7 billion. Substantially
all of these  loans  are to  borrowers  with  local  market  relationships.  BOK
Financial serves as the agent lender in approximately 28% of its shared national
credits,  based on dollars  committed.  The Company's lending policies generally
avoid loans in which we do not have the opportunity to maintain or achieve other
business relationships with the customer.

Commercial  real estate loans totaled $2.8 billion or 23% of the loan  portfolio
at December 31, 2007.  Over the past five years,  the  percentage  of commercial
real  estate  loans to our total  loan  portfolio  ranged  from 20% to 23%.  The
outstanding  balance of commercial  real estate loans  increased $304 million or
12% from the  previous  year end.  Growth in  commercial  real estate  loans was
located  primarily  in Texas and Arizona.  Commercial  real estate loans were up
$176 million in Texas and $111 million in Arizona. In addition,  commercial real
estate loans were up $59 million in Colorado and $30 million in Arkansas. Growth
in commercial real estate loans was partially offset by a $72 million  reduction
in Oklahoma.

Construction  and land  development  included  $756  million of loans for single
family residential lots and premises,  up $57 million,  or 8% since December 31,
2006.  Approximately  $246  million of our single  family  residential  lots and
premises loans are in the Oklahoma market, $188 million are in the Texas market,
$131  million  are in the  Colorado  market and $106  million are in the Arizona
market.  Other  commercial  real estate loans included $539 million in Oklahoma,
$525  million in Texas,  $163 million in New Mexico and $153 million in Arizona.
The  major  components  of  other  commercial  real  estate  loans  were  retail
facilities - $372 million and office buildings $395 million.

Residential mortgage loans, excluding loans held for sale, totaled $1.5 billion,
up  $275  million  or 22%  since  December  31,  2006.  At  December  31,  2007,
residential  mortgage  loans  included $442 million of home equity  loans,  $447
million  of loans  held for  business  relationship  purposes,  $422  million of
adjustable  rate  mortgages  and  $144  million  of  loans  held  for  community
development.  We have no concentration in sub-prime  residential mortgage loans.
Home equity  loans  increased  $14 million or 13% compared to December 31, 2006.
Approximately $61 million of home equity loans represent second lien loans where
the proceeds were used to finance the down payment which was applied against the
first lien loan.  Adjustable  rate mortgage  loans  increased $17 million or 17%
over  2006.  Our  portfolio  of  adjustable  rate  mortgage  loans is  generally
underwritten  to prime  standards  and does not include loans with initial rates
that are below market.

At  December  31,  2007,  consumer  loans  included  $625  million  of  indirect
automobile loans.  Approximately $444 million of these loans were purchased from
dealers in Oklahoma and $156 million  were  purchased  from dealers in Arkansas.
The  remaining  $25  million  were  purchased  from  dealers in Texas.  Indirect
automobile  loans  grew $160  million  during  2007,  including  $76  million in
Arkansas, $61 million in Oklahoma and $23 million in Texas.  Approximately 7% of
the outstanding balance at December 31, 2007 is considered near-prime,  which is
defined  as loans to  borrowers  that had poor  credit in the past but that have
re-established  credit  over a period of time.  We  generally  do not  originate
sub-prime indirect automobile loans.

<PAGE> 37

<TABLE>
Table 21  Loan Maturity and Interest Rate Sensitivity at December 31, 2007
            (In Thousands)
                                                             Remaining Maturities of Selected Loans
                                                             --------------------------------------
                                                  Total      Within 1 Year  1-5 Years  After 5 Years
                                              -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
Loan maturity:
<S>                                            <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>
   Commercial                                  $6,737,505     $2,161,680   $3,708,261  $  867,564
   Commercial real estate                       2,750,472      1,306,617    1,062,338     381,517
--------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total                                    $9,487,977     $3,468,297   $4,770,599  $1,249,081
--------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------

Interest rate sensitivity for selected loans with:
   Predetermined interest rates                $3,577,620     $  488,739   $2,477,201    $611,680
   Floating or adjustable interest rates        5,910,357      2,979,558    2,293,398     637,401
--------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total                                    $9,487,977     $3,468,297   $4,770,599  $1,249,081
--------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
</TABLE>

The Company continued to increase geographic  diversification  through expansion
into Texas, New Mexico,  Colorado and Arizona. The percent of the loan portfolio
attributed to Oklahoma declined to 49% at December 31, 2007 from 53% at December
31, 2006.  Table 22 presents the distribution of the major loan categories among
our primary market areas.

<PAGE> 38

<TABLE>
Table 22  Loans by Principal Market Area
            (In Thousands)
                                                                               December 31,
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          2007         2006         2005         2004          2003
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Oklahoma:
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
   Commercial                                        $3,219,176   $3,186,085   $3,059,441   $2,784,657    $2,782,616
   Commercial real estate                               907,034      979,251      859,829      744,724       789,868
   Residential mortgage                               1,080,483      896,567      842,456      901,538       699,274
   Residential mortgage held for sale                    76,677       64,625       51,666       40,262        56,543
   Consumer                                             576,070      512,032      466,180      367,947       324,305
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
      Total Oklahoma                                 $5,859,440   $5,638,560   $5,279,572   $4,839,128    $4,652,606
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Texas:
   Commercial                                        $1,985,645   $1,722,627   $1,356,611   $1,120,069      $963,340
   Commercial real estate                               846,303      670,635      569,921      459,067       477,561
   Residential mortgage                                 275,533      213,801      199,726      191,296       204,481
   Consumer                                             142,958       95,652       89,017       86,732       101,269
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Texas                                     $3,250,439   $2,702,715   $2,215,275   $1,857,164    $1,746,651
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
New Mexico:
   Commercial                                          $473,262     $411,272     $383,325     $354,904      $297,896
   Commercial real estate                               261,056      257,079      232,564      196,832       175,745
   Residential mortgage                                  84,336       75,159       65,784       63,043        66,179
   Consumer                                              16,105       13,256       15,137       13,260        11,070
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total New Mexico                                  $834,759     $756,766     $696,810     $628,039      $550,890
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Arkansas:
   Commercial                                          $106,328      $95,483      $79,719      $61,934       $63,480
   Commercial real estate                               124,317       94,395       75,483       74,478        75,452
   Residential mortgage                                  16,393       23,076       13,044       11,238         6,245
   Consumer                                             163,626       86,017       25,659        3,858         2,671
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Arkansas                                    $410,664     $298,971     $193,905     $151,508      $147,848
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Colorado:
   Commercial                                          $490,373     $451,046     $270,108     $191,459      $209,134
   Commercial real estate                               252,537      193,747      133,537      118,134       111,466
   Residential mortgage                                  26,556       15,812       21,918       31,693        39,464
   Consumer                                              16,457       26,591       27,871       21,044         5,594
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Colorado                                    $785,923     $687,196     $453,434     $362,330      $365,658
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Arizona:
   Commercial                                          $157,341      $96,453      $50,489           $-            $-
   Commercial real estate                               318,170      207,035      115,697       27,875             -
   Residential mortgage                                  46,269       31,280       26,102            -             -
   Consumer                                               5,522        5,947        5,280            -             -
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Arizona                                     $527,302     $340,715     $197,568      $27,875            $-
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Kansas:
   Commercial                                          $305,380     $245,918     $100,242      $62,813       $20,236
   Commercial real estate                                41,055       44,398        2,871            -             -
   Residential mortgage                                   1,726          564          301          110             -
   Consumer                                                 559            -            -            -             -
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Kansas                                      $348,720     $290,880     $103,414      $62,923       $20,236
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total BOK Financial loans                      $12,017,247  $10,715,803   $9,139,978   $7,928,967    $7,483,889
                                                     ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
</TABLE>

Loan Commitments

BOK Financial enters into certain  off-balance sheet  arrangements in the normal
course of business.  These arrangements  included loan commitments which totaled
$5.3  billion  and  standby  letters of credit  which  totaled  $556  million at
December 31, 2007. Loan commitments may be unconditional  obligations to provide
financing or conditional  obligations  that depend on the  borrower's  financial
condition,  collateral  value or other  factors.  Standby  letters of credit are
unconditional  commitments  to guarantee  the  performance  of our customer to a
third party. Since some of these commitments are expected to expire before being
drawn upon, the total  commitment  amounts do not necessarily  represent  future
cash requirements.

<PAGE> 39

<TABLE>
Table 23    Off-Balance Sheet Credit Commitments
            (In Thousands)
                                                              As of December 31,
                                          2007           2006         2005         2004          2003
                                     -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
<S>                                   <C>            <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
Loan commitments                      $5,345,736     $5,318,257    $4,349,114   $3,459,425   $2,964,694
Standby letters of credit                555,758        527,627       558,907      414,228      374,550
Mortgage loans sold with recourse        392,534        329,713       248,150       32,134      103,443
------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
</TABLE>

The Company also has off-balance  sheet  commitments  for  residential  mortgage
loans sold with full or partial  recourse.  These  loans  consist of first lien,
fixed  rate  residential  mortgage  loans  originated  under  various  community
development  programs  and sold to U.S.  government  agencies.  These loans were
underwritten   to   standards   approved  by  the   agencies,   including   full
documentation. However, these loans have a higher risk of delinquency and losses
given default than traditional  residential  mortgage loans. A separate recourse
reserve is maintained as part of other  liabilities.  At December 31, 2007,  the
principal  balance of loans sold  subject to recourse  obligations  totaled $393
million and the reserve for credit risk from these loans  totaled $3.5  million.
Losses incurred during 2007 totaled $1.1 million.

Derivatives with Credit Risk

The Company  offers  programs that permit its customers to hedge various  risks,
including  fluctuations in energy, cattle and other agricultural product prices,
interest rates and foreign  exchange  rates,  or to take positions in derivative
contracts.  Each of these  programs work  essentially  the same way.  Derivative
contracts  are executed  between the  customers  and BOK  Financial.  Offsetting
contracts  are  executed  between  the Company and  selected  counterparties  to
minimize  the risk to us of  changes  in  commodity  prices,  interest  rates or
foreign exchange rates. The counterparty contracts are identical to the customer
contracts, except for a fixed pricing spread or a fee paid to us as compensation
for administrative costs, credit risk and profit.

The Company adopted Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 157, "Fair
Value  Measurement"  ("FAS 157") as of January 1, 2007.  FAS 157  established  a
single authoritative definition of fair value, set out a framework for measuring
fair value and required additional disclosures about fair value measurements. It
also nullified EITF guidance that  prohibited  recognition of gains at inception
for derivative transactions whose fair value is estimated by modeling.

Beginning  January 1, 2007,  the fair value of  customer  derivative  assets and
liabilities  fully reflects the discounted  cash flows based on forward  curves,
volatilities,  credit risks and other  market-observable  inputs. Changes in the
net fair values of customer  derivative  contracts  are a component of Brokerage
and Trading Revenue.  Retained earnings were charged $1.1 million ($679 thousand
after tax) for the  initial  adoption  of FAS 157 on the fair value of  customer
derivative assets and liabilities.

The customer derivative programs create credit risk for potential amounts due to
the Company from its customers and from the counterparties. Customer credit risk
is monitored  through  existing credit  policies and procedures.  The effects of
changes  in  commodity  prices,  interest  rates or foreign  exchange  rates are
evaluated  across a range of possible  options to determine the maximum exposure
we are  willing to have  individually  to any  customer.  Customers  may also be
required to provide margin collateral to further limit our credit risk.

Counterparty  credit risk is evaluated through existing policies and procedures.
This evaluation  considers the total relationship between BOK Financial and each
of the counterparties. Individual limits are established by management, approved
by Credit Administration and reviewed by the Asset / Liability Committee. Margin
collateral is required if the exposure  between the Company and any counterparty
exceeds  established  limits.  Based on declines in the  counterparties'  credit
ratings, these limits are reduced and additional margin collateral is required.

A  deterioration  of the  credit  standing  of one or more of the  customers  or
counterparties to these contracts may result in BOK Financial recognizing a loss
as the fair value of the  affected  contracts  may no longer move in tandem with
the  offsetting  contracts.  This  could  occur if the  credit  standing  of the
customer  or  counterparty  deteriorated  such  that  either  the fair  value of
underlying  collateral  no longer  supported  the  contract  or the  customer or
counterparty's ability to provide margin collateral was impaired.

Derivative  contracts are carried at fair value.  At December 31, 2007, the fair
values of derivative  contracts  reported as assets under these programs totaled
$501 million.  This included energy  contracts with fair values of $399 million,
interest  rate  contracts  with fair values of $74 million and foreign  exchange
contracts  with  fair  values  of $20  million.  The  aggregate  fair  values of
derivative contracts reported as liabilities totaled $513 million. Approximately
97% of the fair value of asset contracts was with customers.  The credit risk of
these contracts is generally  backed by energy  production or other  collateral.
The  remaining  3% was  with  dealer  counterparties,  consisting  primarily  of
highly-rated  financial  institutions  and energy  companies.  The  maximum  net
exposure to any single customer or counterparty totaled $130 million.

<PAGE> 40

Our maximum net exposure at December 31, 2007 was to SemGroup, LP. Mr. Thomas S.
Kivisto,  President and CEO of SemGroup, LP is a member of BOK Financial's board
of  directors.  Our  exposure  to  SemGroup,  LP  consists  primarily  of option
contracts  to sell oil and natural gas in varying  monthly  quantities  over the
next seven months.  The pricing,  collateral and other terms of these  contracts
are consistent with terms we offer to similarly risk-graded customers.

Summary of Loan Loss Experience

BOK  Financial  maintains  separate  reserves  for loan losses and  reserves for
off-balance sheet credit risk. Combined,  these reserves totaled $148 million or
1.24% of  outstanding  loans at December  31, 2007 and $130  million or 1.22% of
outstanding loans at December 31, 2006.

The reserve for loan losses, which is available to absorb losses inherent in the
loan  portfolio,  totaled  $127  million at December  31, 2007  compared to $109
million at December  31,  2006.  These  amounts  represented  1.06% and 1.03% of
outstanding loans, excluding loans held for sale, at December 31, 2007 and 2006,
respectively.  Losses  on  loans  held  for  sale,  principally  mortgage  loans
accumulated for placement into security pools,  are charged to earnings  through
adjustment in the carrying value.  The reserve for loan losses also  represented
134% of outstanding  balance of nonperforming loans at year-end 2007 compared to
305% at year-end  2006.  Nonperforming  loans at December  31, 2007  totaled $95
million  compared with $36 million at the previous  year-end.  Net loans charged
off during 2007  increased to $21 million in 2007 compared to $12 million in the
previous year. This represents the first increase in net loans charged off since
2003. The ratio of net loans charged off to average  outstanding loans was 0.19%
for 2007 compared with 0.13% in 2006.  Net commercial  loan and commercial  real
estate loan charge-offs  increased $4.7 million and $1.9 million,  respectively,
compared with last year.  Consumer loan net charge-offs,  which includes deposit
account overdraft losses,  increased $1.7 million. Table 24 provides statistical
information regarding the reserve for loan losses for the past five years.

<PAGE> 41

<TABLE>
Table 24    Summary of Loan Loss Experience
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                         Years ended December 31,
                                                    -------------------------------------------------------------------
 Reserve for loan losses:                                2007         2006         2005          2004         2003
                                                    -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
   Beginning balance                                  $109,497     $103,876     $108,618      $114,784     $103,851
     Loans charged off:
       Commercial                                       14,380       10,517        9,670        13,921       16,331
       Commercial real estate                            1,795           87        2,619           971           88
       Residential mortgage                              1,709        1,265        1,212         1,465        1,721
       Consumer                                         13,733       12,127       12,257        13,328       13,335
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total                                          31,617       23,996       25,758        29,685       31,475
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Recoveries of loans previously charged off:
       Commercial                                        4,534        5,405        4,071         2,283          887
       Commercial real estate                              110          327          117            30           53
       Residential mortgage                                309          161          180           243           83
       Consumer                                          5,558        5,638        5,176         5,171        5,102
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total                                          10,511       11,531        9,544         7,727        6,125
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Net loans charged off                                21,106       12,465       16,214        21,958       25,350
   Provision for loan losses                            34,758       18,086       10,401        15,792       34,000
   Additions due to acquisitions                         3,528            -        1,071             -        2,283
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Ending balance                                     $126,677     $109,497     $103,876      $108,618     $114,784
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses:
   Beginning balance                                   $20,890      $20,574      $18,502       $13,855      $12,219
   Provision for off-balance sheet credit losses           (37)         316        2,040         4,647        1,636
   Additions due to acquisitions                             -            -           32             -            -
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Ending balance                                      $20,853      $20,890      $20,574       $18,502      $13,855
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total provision for credit losses                   $34,721      $18,402      $12,441       $20,439      $35,636
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Reserve for loan losses to loans outstanding at
     year-end (1)                                          1.06%        1.03%        1.14%         1.38%        1.55%
   Net charge-offs to average loans (1)                    0.19         0.13         0.19          0.29         0.36
   Total provision for credit losses to average
     loans (1)                                             0.31         0.19         0.15          0.27         0.50
   Recoveries to gross charge-offs                        33.24        48.05        37.05         26.03        19.46
   Reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses to
     off-balance sheet credit commitments                  0.35%        0.36%        0.42%         0.48%        0.41%
   Combined reserves for credit losses to loans
     outstanding at year-end (1)                           1.24%        1.22%         1.37%        1.61%        1.73%
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Problem Loans:
     Loans past due (90 days)                         $  5,575     $  5,945     $  8,708      $  7,649     $ 14,944
     Nonaccrual(2)                                      84,290       26,055       25,162        52,660       52,681
     Renegotiated(3)                                    10,394        9,802        6,379         4,689        2,463
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total                                         $100,259     $ 41,802     $ 40,249      $ 64,998     $ 70,088
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans (2)          $  3,011     $  2,130     $  2,515      $  4,617     $  4,821
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
(1)  Excludes residential mortgage loans held for sale.
(2)  Interest  collected and recognized on nonaccrual  loans was not significant
     in 2007 and previous years disclosed.
(3)  Includes  residential  mortgage  loans  guaranteed  by agencies of the U.S.
     government.  These loans have been modified to extend  payment terms and/or
     reduce interest rates to current market.

The  Company  considers  the credit  risk from loan  commitments  and letters of
credit in its  evaluation  of the  adequacy of the reserve  for loan  losses.  A
separate  reserve for  off-balance  sheet  credit risk is  maintained.  Table 24
presents  the trend of reserves  for  off-balance  sheet  credit  losses and the
relationship between the reserve and loan commitments.  The relationship between
the combined  reserve for credit losses and outstanding  loans is also presented
for  comparison  with peer banks and others who have not adopted  the  preferred
presentation.  The provision for credit losses  included the combined  charge to
expense for both the  reserve  for loan  losses and the reserve for  off-balance
sheet credit losses. All losses incurred from lending activities will ultimately
be reflected in charge-offs  against the reserve for loan losses following funds
advanced against outstanding  commitments and after the exhaustion of collection
efforts.

Specific  impairment  reserves are  determined  through  evaluation of estimated
future  cash  flows  and  collateral  value.  At  December  31,  2007,  specific
impairment reserves totaled $4.4 million on total impaired loans of $74 million.
Specific impairment reserves were $1.7 million at December 31, 2006.

<PAGE> 42

Nonspecific  reserves are  maintained  for risks beyond  factors  specific to an
individual  loan or those  identified  through  migration  analysis.  A range of
potential losses is determined for each risk factor identified.  At December 31,
2007 and 2006, the ranges of potential losses for the more  significant  factors
were:

<TABLE>
                                       December 31, 2007               December 31, 2006
                                      ------------------               -----------------
<S>                               <C>                             <C>
General economic conditions       $3.8 million to $7.6 million    $5.2 million to $9.1 million
Concentration in large loans      $1.4 million to $2.8 million    $1.4 million to $2.8 million
</TABLE>

Nonspecific reserves attributed to general economic conditions had been steadily
decreasing  through the third  quarter of 2007 based on the overall  strength of
the  economy in our  markets.  These  reserves  began to  increase in the fourth
quarter as weakness in the economy became more apparent.

Allocation of the loan loss reserve to the major loan categories is presented in
Table 25.

The provision for credit losses  totaled $35 million,  up $16 million over 2006.
Factors  considered in  determining  the  provision  for credit losses  included
trends in net losses and nonperforming loans during the year, the application of
statistical  migration factors to loan growth during the year and concentrations
in commercial real estate and residential  homebuilder  loans. In addition,  the
outstanding  balances of criticized and classified  loans and potential  problem
loans were up over 2006.

<TABLE>
Table 25    Loan Loss Reserve Allocation
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                     December 31,
                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  2007                2006                2005                2004               2003
                           ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ------------------- ------------------
                                       % of                % of                % of                % of               % of
                           Reserve(2)Loans(1) Reserve(2) Loans(1) Reserve(2) Loans(1) Reserve(2) Loans(1) Reserve(2)Loans(1)
                           --------- -------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------
Loan category:
<S>                         <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
   Commercial               $49,961   56.07%   $44,151   58.29%    $43,915   58.32%    $52,325   58.00%    $58,993   58.39%
   Commercial real
     estate                  40,807   22.89     30,838   22.97      25,529   21.89      21,317   20.55      16,395   21.95
   Residential mortgage       6,156   13.38      4,663   11.80       5,302   12.87       5,904   15.20       6,797   13.67
   Consumer                   9,962    7.66     11,784    6.94      10,929    6.92      12,034    6.25      16,132    5.99
   Nonspecific allowance     19,791      -      18,061      -       18,201      -       17,038      -       16,467      -
-------------------------- --------- -------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------
   Total                   $126,677  100.00%  $109,497  100.00%   $103,876  100.00%   $108,618  100.00%   $114,784  100.00%
-------------------------- --------- -------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------
</TABLE>
(1)  Excludes residential mortgage loans held for sale.
(2)  Specific  allocation for the loan  concentration  risks are included in the
     appropriate category.

Nonperforming Assets

Information  regarding  nonperforming  assets,  which  totaled  $104  million at
December 31, 2007 and $44 million at December  31,  2006,  is presented in Table
26. Nonperforming assets included nonaccrual and renegotiated loans and excluded
loans 90 days or more past due but still accruing interest.  Total nonperforming
assets were 0.87% of  period-end  loans and  repossessed  assets at December 31,
2007,  up from 0.42% at  December  31,  2006.  This  represents  a return of the
nonperforming  assets to outstanding  loans and  repossessed  assets to 2002 and
2003 levels after near historic lows over the past three years.

Nonaccrual  loans  totaled $84  million at December  31, 2007 and $26 million at
December 31, 2006. Newly identified  nonaccrual loans totaled $81 million during
the year,  including $43 million  identified in the fourth  quarter.  Nonaccrual
loans also  increased  $7.8 million from the  acquisition  of First United Bank.
Nonaccrual loans decreased $16 million for loans charged off and foreclosed, and
$15 million for cash payments received. Approximately $8.4 million of nonaccrual
loans are subject to the First United Bank sellers' escrow.

Nonaccrual  commercial  loans  totaled  $43  million at  December  31,  2007 and
consisted  primarily of loans in the services and  manufacturing  sectors of the
portfolio.  None  of the  nonaccrual  commercial  loans  exceeded  $10  million.
Approximately $29 million of nonaccrual commercial loans are to borrowers in the
Oklahoma market,  $5.4 million are in the New Mexico market and $4.8 million are
in the Colorado market.

Nonaccrual  commercial  real estate  loans  totaled $25 million at December  31,
2007.  Approximately $13 million are loans secured by single-family  residential
properties  or lots,  including  $5.9  million  in Arizona  and $3.8  million in
Colorado.  Other  significant  nonaccrual  commercial real estate loans included
$5.3 million of retail  facilities in New Mexico and $3.1 million of multifamily
residential properties in Arizona.

<PAGE> 43

In addition to nonaccrual  loans,  nonperforming  assets included $11 million of
renegotiated loans and $9.5 million of real estate and other repossessed assets.
Renegotiated  loans  consisted  of  residential   mortgage  loans  and  indirect
automobile  loans whose original terms have been  modified.  Approximately  $7.6
million of  renegotiated  loans are  residential  mortgage  loans  guaranteed by
agencies of the U.S.  government.  Approximately $2.7 million of real estate and
other repossessed assets are subject to the First United Bank sellers' escrow.

<TABLE>
Table 26    Nonperforming Assets
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                               December 31,
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         2007         2006         2005          2004         2003
                                                     ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Nonperforming loans
   Nonaccrual loans:
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
     Commercial                                       $ 42,981     $10,737      $ 11,673      $33,195       $41,360
     Commercial real estate                             25,319       4,771         5,370       10,144         2,311
     Residential mortgage                               15,272      10,325         7,347        8,612         7,821
     Consumer                                              718         222           772          709         1,189
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
       Total nonaccrual loans                           84,290      26,055        25,162       52,660        52,681
   Renegotiated loans(3)                                10,394       9,802         6,379        4,689         2,463
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total nonperforming loans                          94,684      35,857        31,541       57,349        55,144
   Other nonperforming assets                            9,475       8,486         8,476        3,763         7,186
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total nonperforming assets                       $104,159     $44,343      $ 40,017      $61,112       $62,330
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Nonaccrual loans by principal market:
     Oklahoma                                         $ 47,977     $17,683      $ 16,857      $37,779       $33,865
     Texas                                               4,983       6,096         5,475        2,223        12,972
     New Mexico                                         11,118         871           928        1,463         1,891
     Arkansas                                            1,635         267             -        2,717         3,692
     Colorado(4)                                         9,222       1,138         1,902        8,478           261
     Arizona                                             9,355           -             -            -             -
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
      Total nonaccrual loans                          $ 84,290     $26,055       $25,162      $52,660       $52,681
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Nonaccrual loans by loan portfolio sector:
     Commercial:
        Energy                                        $   529     $   535      $       75   $    276      $    7,303
        Manufacturing                                   9,915         101           1,113     13,747           9,725
        Wholesale / retail                              3,792       2,457           3,036      4,604           8,610
        Agriculture                                       380          93             268        365           4,459
        Services                                       25,468       5,759           5,213     13,274           8,700
        Healthcare                                      2,301       1,600           1,942        743           2,192
        Other                                             596         192              26        186             371
                                                     ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
         Total commercial                              42,981      10,737          11,673     33,195          41,360
     Commercial real estate:
        Land development and construction              13,466       2,031           2,081      6,706               -
        Multifamily                                     3,998         320             668      1,235              23
        Other commercial real estate                    7,855       2,420           2,621      2,203           2,288
                                                     ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
         Total commercial real estate                  25,319       4,771           5,370     10,144           2,311
     Residential mortgage                              15,272      10,325           7,347      8,612           7,821
     Consumer                                             718         222             772        709           1,189
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
      Total nonaccrual loans                          $84,290     $26,055        $25,162     $52,660        $ 52,681
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Ratios:
   Reserve for loan losses to nonperforming loans       133.79%     305.37%       329.34%      189.40%       208.15%
   Nonperforming loans to period-end loans(2)             0.79        0.34          0.35         0.73          0.74
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Loans past due (90 days)(1)                            $5,575      $ 5,945       $ 8,708      $ 7,649       $14,944
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------

(1) Includes residential mortgages guaranteed by
    agencies of the U.S. Government.                  $ 1,017      $ 2,233       $ 2,021      $ 2,308      $  4,132
(2) Excludes residential mortgage loans held for
    sale.
(3) Includes residential mortgage loans               $ 7,550      $ 5,747       $ 3,577      $ 2,131      $  1,035
    guaranteed by agencies of the U.S. government.
    These loans have been modified to extend payment
    terms and/or reduce interest rates to current
    market.
(4) Includes loans subject to First United Bank       $ 8,412      $     -       $     -      $     -      $      -
    sellers escrow.
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 44

The loan review process also identified  loans that possess more than the normal
amount of risk due to deterioration  in the financial  condition of the borrower
or the value of the  collateral.  Because the borrowers are still  performing in
accordance  with  the  original  terms of the  loan  agreements,  and no loss of
principal  or  interest  is  anticipated,  these  loans  were  not  included  in
Nonperforming Assets. Known information does, however,  cause management concern
as to the  borrowers'  ability to comply with  current  repayment  terms.  These
potential problem loans totaled $49 million at December 31, 2007 and $22 million
at December 31, 2006.  The current  composition  of potential  problem  loans by
primary industry  included real estate - $20 million,  healthcare - $19 million,
manufacturing - $4.2 million and services - $4.0 million. Potential problem real
estate loans consisted primarily of loans to residential builders in the Arizona
market of $12 million.

Deposits

Deposit  accounts  represent  our  primary  funding  source.   Average  deposits
represented  approximately  66% of total  liabilities and capital for 2007, down
from 68% for 2006.  The decrease in average  deposits  relative to other funding
sources is due largely to the  structuring of our balance sheet to be relatively
neutral to changes in interest  rates.  Other borrowed funds were up during 2007
to fund a $447 million increase in average securities to implement this interest
rate risk management strategy.  We compete for retail and commercial deposits by
offering a broad  range of  products  and  services  and  focusing  on  customer
convenience.  Retail  deposit  growth is supported  through our Perfect  Banking
program,  free checking and on-line Billpay  services,  an extensive  network of
branch  locations  and ATMs and a 24-hour  Express Bank call center.  Commercial
deposit  growth  is  supported  by  offering  treasury  management  and  lockbox
services.

Average  deposits totaled $12.6 billion for 2007, a $1.2 billion or 11% increase
over 2006. Growth in average deposits included $503 million of deposits acquired
from Worth National Bank and First United Bank in the second quarter of 2007.

Table 27  Maturity of Domestic CDs and Public
            Funds in Amounts of $100,000 or More
            (In Thousands)

                                    December 31,
                              ---------------------------
                                 2007         2006
                              ---------------------------
   Months to maturity:
   3 or less                   $  820,339   $  713,463
   Over 3 through 6               580,427      517,766
   Over 6 through 12              456,103      809,212
   Over 12                        584,180      603,291
  -------------------------------------------------------
   Total                       $2,441,049   $2,643,732
 --------------------------------------------------------

Interest-bearing transaction deposit accounts continued to grow in 2007, up $1.1
billion or 20% over 2006.  Time  deposits  increased  $289 million or 7%. At the
same time,  average demand deposit accounts decreased $152 million compared with
last year.  Core  deposits,  which we define as deposits of less than  $100,000,
excluding  public funds and brokered  deposits,  increased  15% to $6.4 billion.
Accounts with balances in excess of $100,000  totaled $5.0 billion,  an increase
of $286 million or 6%. Average brokered deposits and public funds, which totaled
$1.2 billion, were up $110 million over 2006.

Average  commercial banking deposits were up $431 million or 12% over last year.
The average  balance of commercial  banking  deposits for 2007 was $4.2 billion.
Commercial deposit growth was primarily centered in Oklahoma and Texas. Consumer
deposits  averaged  $5.3  billion  for 2007,  up $315  million  or 6% over 2006.
Average  consumer  deposits were up $137 million or 30% in the Colorado  market,
including  First United Bank deposits.  In addition,  consumer  deposit  account
balances increased $87 million in Oklahoma, $51 million in Texas and $41 million
in New Mexico.  Wealth  management  deposit  accounts  averaged $1.6 billion for
2007,  a $235  million  increase  over 2006.  Approximately  $105 million of the
increase was in the Colorado  market.  The  remaining  increase was  distributed
primarily in Oklahoma and Texas.

The  distribution  of deposit  accounts among our principal  markets is shown in
Table 28.

<PAGE> 45

<TABLE>
Table 28    Deposits by Principal Market Area
            (In Thousands)
                                                           December 31,
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     2007         2006         2005         2004          2003
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Oklahoma:
<S>                               <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
      Demand                      $  936,160    $  915,101   $1,003,284   $1,095,228   $1,025,483
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                3,935,909     3,456,322    3,002,610    2,291,089    2,246,675
        Savings                       80,467        83,017       85,837       87,597       98,611
        Time                       2,426,822     2,595,890    2,564,337    2,505,849    2,403,293
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing       6,443,198     6,135,229    5,652,784    4,884,535    4,748,579
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Oklahoma                 $7,379,358    $7,050,330   $6,656,068   $5,979,763   $5,774,062
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Texas:
      Demand                      $  738,105    $  640,159   $  615,732   $  617,808   $  421,292
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                2,050,872     1,688,131    1,535,570    1,119,893    1,213,777
        Savings                       34,618        24,074       27,398       30,331       35,702
        Time                         800,460       829,255      735,731      571,993      505,463
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing       2,885,950     2,541,460    2,298,699    1,722,217    1,754,942
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Texas                    $3,624,055    $3,181,619   $2,914,431   $2,340,025   $2,176,234
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  New Mexico:
      Demand                     $    93,923   $   124,088  $   129,289  $   136,599  $   106,050
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                  490,227       432,342      381,099      320,118      370,294
        Savings                       15,146        16,417       17,839       17,885       20,728
        Time                         486,868       490,460      453,314      411,939      317,924
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing         992,241       939,219      852,252      749,942      708,946
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total New Mexico              $ 1,086,164   $ 1,063,307  $   981,541  $   886,541  $   814,996
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Arkansas:
      Demand                     $     9,755   $    12,589  $    10,429  $    14,489  $    16,351
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                   22,519        17,905       22,354       26,882       28,411
        Savings                          883         1,010        1,058        1,434        1,341
        Time                          40,692        57,446       75,034       99,677      105,598
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing          64,094        76,361       98,446      127,993      135,350
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Arkansas                $    73,849   $    88,950  $   108,875  $   142,482  $   151,701
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Colorado:
      Demand                      $   60,250    $   48,756   $   61,647   $   62,995   $   79,424
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                  504,116       328,254      258,668      189,106      162,651
        Savings                       23,806        12,632       17,772       19,092       18,347
        Time                         539,523       485,200      264,020       54,394       42,448
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing       1,067,445       826,086      540,460      262,592      223,446
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Colorado                 $1,127,695    $  874,842   $  602,107   $  325,587   $  302,870
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Arizona:
      Demand                      $   29,807    $   39,352   $   45,567   $        -   $        -
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                   82,682        73,729       56,994            -            -
        Savings                        1,435         1,978        4,111            -            -
        Time                          11,603         6,574        5,624            -            -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing          95,720        82,281       66,729            -            -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Arizona                  $  125,527    $  121,633   $  112,296   $        -   $        -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Kansas:
      Demand                      $    7,946    $       14   $        -   $        -   $        -
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                   10,014           287            -            -            -
        Savings                           13             2            -            -            -
        Time                          24,670         5,721            -            -            -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing          34,697         6,010            -            -            -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Kansas                   $   42,643    $    6,024   $        -   $        -   $        -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total BOK Financial deposits  $13,459,291   $12,386,705  $11,375,318   $9,674,398   $9,219,863
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 46

Borrowings and Capital

Parent Company

BOK Financial  (parent company) has a $188 million  unsecured  revolving line of
credit  with  certain  commercial  banks that  matures  in  December  2010.  The
outstanding  principal  balance  of this  credit  agreement  was $50  million at
December  31,  2007.  Interest is based upon a base rate or LIBOR plus a defined
margin that is  determined by the Company's  credit  rating.  This margin ranges
from  0.375%  to 1.125% or a base  rate.  The  margin  currently  applicable  to
borrowings  against this line is 0.375%. The base rate is defined as the greater
of the daily  federal  funds rate plus 0.5% or the  SunTrust  Bank  prime  rate.
Interest is generally  paid  monthly.  Facility  fees are paid  quarterly on the
unused portion of the commitment at rates that range from 0.100% to 0.250% based
on the Company's credit rating.

This credit  agreement  includes  certain  restrictive  covenants that limit the
Company's  ability to borrow  additional  funds, to make  investments and to pay
cash dividends on common stock.  These  covenants also require BOK Financial and
subsidiary  banks to maintain  minimum capital levels.  BOK Financial met all of
the restrictive covenants at December 31, 2007.

The primary source of liquidity for BOK Financial is dividends  from  subsidiary
banks,  which are limited by various  banking  regulations  to net  profits,  as
defined,  for the  preceding  two years.  Dividends  are further  restricted  by
minimum capital  requirements.  Based on the most restrictive  limitations,  the
subsidiary banks could declare up to $93 million of dividends without regulatory
approval.  Management  has  developed and the Board of Directors has approved an
internal  capital policy that is more  restrictive  than the regulatory  capital
standards.  The  subsidiary  banks could declare  dividends of up to $75 million
under this policy.

Equity  capital for BOK Financial  increased $214 million to $1.9 billion during
2007.  Retained  earnings,  net income less cash dividends  paid,  provided $167
million of this increase.  Accumulated other comprehensive  losses decreased $42
million  during  2007.  Lower  net  unrealized  losses  on  available  for  sale
securities reduced  accumulated other  comprehensive  losses $36 million and the
after-tax  effect of adjusting the prepaid  pension expense asset as required by
FAS 158 decreased accumulated other comprehensive losses $4.4 million.  Employee
stock option  transactions  increased equity capital $24 million during 2007 and
treasury stock purchases reduced capital $17 million.

Capital is managed to  maximize  long-term  value to the  shareholders.  Factors
considered in managing  capital include  projections of future  earnings,  asset
growth  and   acquisition   strategies,   and   regulatory   and  debt  covenant
requirements.  Capital management may include subordinated debt issuance,  share
repurchase and stock and cash dividends.

On April 26, 2005, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program,
which  replaced a  previously  authorized  program.  The  maximum of two million
common  shares  may be  repurchased.  The  specific  timing and amount of shares
repurchased will vary based on market conditions, securities law limitations and
other  factors.  Repurchases  may be made over time in open market or  privately
negotiated transactions. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued
at any time without prior notice.  Since this program began, 618 thousand shares
have been  repurchased  by the  Company  for $30.7  million.  During  2007,  340
thousand shares were repurchased for $17.4 million.

BOK Financial and subsidiary  banks are subject to various capital  requirements
administered by federal agencies.  Failure to meet minimum capital  requirements
can result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by
regulators  that  could  have  material  impact  on  operations.  These  capital
requirements  include  quantitative   measures  of  assets,   liabilities,   and
off-balance  sheet items. The capital  standards are also subject to qualitative
judgments  by the  regulators.  The capital  ratios for BOK  Financial  and each
subsidiary  bank  are  presented  in  Note  16  to  the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

Subsidiary Banks

BOK  Financial's  subsidiary  banks use  borrowings to supplement  deposits as a
source of funds for loans and  securities  growth.  Sources of these  borrowings
included federal funds purchased, securities repurchase agreements, and advances
from the Federal  Home Loan Banks.  Interest  rates and  maturity  dates for the
various borrowings are matched with specific asset types in the  asset/liability
management process.  Note 10 to the Consolidated  Financial  Statements provides
additional  information  about  the  subsidiary  banks'  borrowings,   including
maturity and re-pricing periods and collateral requirements.

During 2007, Bank of Oklahoma  issued $250 million of subordinated  debt due May
15,  2017.  Interest on this debt is based on a fixed rate of 5.75%  through May
14, 2012 and on a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus 0.69% thereafter.  The
proceeds of this debt, which qualifies as Tier 2 regulatory capital, was used to
fund the Worth  National  Bank and First  United Bank  acquisitions  and to fund
continued asset growth.

During  2005,  Bank of  Oklahoma  issued  $150  million of  10-year,  fixed rate
subordinated  debt.  The  cost of this  subordinated  debt,  including  issuance
discounts  and hedge  losses is 5.56%.  The  proceeds  of this debt were used to
repay $95 million of BOK Financial's  unsecured  revolving line of credit and to
provide additional capital to support asset growth.  During 2006, a $150 million
notional  amount  interest rate swap was designated as a hedge of changes in the
fair value of the subordinated debt due to

<PAGE> 47

changes in interest rates.  The Company receives a fixed rate of 5.257% and pays
a variable rate based on 1-month LIBOR. The fair value hedging  relationship was
discontinued and the swap was terminated in April 2007.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

During the third  quarter of 2007,  Bank of Oklahoma  agreed to guarantee  rents
totaling $28.4 million over 10 years to the City of Tulsa ("City") as owner of a
building immediately adjacent to the bank's main office. These rents are due for
space  currently  rented by third-party  tenants in the building.  In return for
this  guarantee,  Bank of Oklahoma will receive 80% of net rent as defined in an
agreement  with the City over the next 10 years from  currently  vacant space in
the same  building.  The maximum  amount that Bank of Oklahoma may receive under
this agreement is $4.5 million. The fair value of this agreement at inception is
zero  and no  asset  or  liability  is  currently  recognized  in the  Company's
financial statements.

During 2002, BOK Financial  agreed to a limited price  guarantee on a portion of
the common  shares  issued to  purchase  Bank of  Tanglewood.  Any holder of BOK
Financial common shares issued in this acquisition may annually make a claim for
the excess of the guaranteed price and the actual sales price of any shares sold
during a 60-day  period  after each of the first five  anniversary  dates  after
October 25, 2002. This guarantee expired in the fourth quarter of 2007.

Aggregate Contractual Obligations

BOK  Financial  has numerous  contractual  obligations  in the normal  course of
business.  These  obligations  included time deposits and other borrowed  funds,
premises used under various  operating  leases,  commitments to extend credit to
borrowers  and to purchase  securities,  derivative  contracts and contracts for
services  such as data  processing  that are  integral  to our  operations.  The
following table  summarizes  payments due per these  contractual  obligations at
December 31, 2007.

<TABLE>
Table 29    Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2007
            (In Thousands)
                                        Less Than       1 to 3       4 to 5      More Than
                                         1 Year         Years         Years       5 Years       Total
                                     -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
<S>                                   <C>            <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>
Time deposits                         $1,002,328     $  939,092    $  368,269   $ 20,090    $2,329,779
Other borrowings                         903,528        322,444        11,033     10,529     1,247,534
Subordinated debentures                   21,875         43,750        43,750    480,417       589,792
Operating lease obligations               16,447         30,088        20,435     31,624        98,594
Derivative contracts                     301,908        180,017        24,249      1,543       507,717
Data processing contracts                  8,685         17,111        15,682      5,117        46,595
------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
Total                                 $2,254,771     $1,532,502    $  483,418   $549,320    $4,820,011
------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
</TABLE>

Loan commitments                                               $  5,345,736
Standby letters of credit                                           555,758
Mortgage loans sold with recourse                                   392,534
Alternative investment commitments                                   30,651
Unfunded third-party private equity commitments                      27,645
Deferred compensation and stock-based compensation obligations       26,582

Payments on time deposits and other  borrowed  funds include  interest which has
been calculated from rates at December 31, 2007. Many of these  obligations have
variable  interest rates and actual  payments will differ from the amounts shown
on this table.  Obligations  under  derivative  contracts used for interest rate
risk management purposes are included with projected payments from time deposits
and other borrowed funds as appropriate.

Payments on time deposits are based on contractual  maturity dates.  These funds
may be  withdrawn  prior to  maturity.  We may charge the customer a penalty for
early withdrawal.

Operating lease commitments generally represent real property we rent for branch
offices,  corporate  offices  and  operations  facilities.   Payments  presented
represent the minimum lease payments and exclude related costs such as utilities
and property taxes.

Data processing and communications  contracts  represent the minimum obligations
under  the  contracts.  Additional  payments  that are  based on the  volume  of
transactions processed are excluded.

Loan commitments  represent legally binding  obligations to provide financing to
our  customers.  Since some of these  commitments  are expected to expire before
being drawn upon,  the total  commitment  amounts do not  necessarily  represent
future cash requirements.

<PAGE> 48

The  Company's  obligation to  repurchase  mortgage  loans sold with recourse is
subject  to  performance  conditions.  The  total  amount  does not  necessarily
represent future cash requirements.

Obligations under derivative contracts are used in customer hedging programs. As
previously  discussed,  we have  entered  into  derivative  contracts  which are
expected to substantially offset the cash payments due on these obligations.

At December 31, 2007,  the Company has funded $30.4 million and has  commitments
to  fund  an  additional   $30.7  million  in  various   unrelated   alternative
investments.  Alternative  investments  generally consist of limited partnership
interests in or loans to entities  that invest in  distressed  real estate loans
and properties,  energy development,  venture capital and other activities.  The
Company is  prohibited  by banking  regulations  from  controlling  or  actively
managing the activities of these investments.

The Company has $27.6 million in unfunded third-party equity commitments through
its BOK Financial  Private Equity Funds.  These  commitments  generally  reflect
customer investment obligations.

The Company has  compensation  and employment  agreements with our President and
Chief Executive Officer.  Collectively,  these agreements  provide,  among other
things,  that all unvested  stock-based  compensation  shall fully vest upon his
termination,  subject  to  certain  conditions.  These  agreements  provide  for
settlement in cash or other assets. We currently have recognized a $18.3 million
liability for these plans. This liability would increase to $19.9 million if all
awards were fully vested.  We also have obligations with respect to employee and
executive  benefit  plans.  See  Notes 12 and 13 to the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

Financial Accounting Standards Board

Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements"
("FAS 157")

BOK Financial adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, "Fair
Value  Measurement"  (FAS 157") as of January 1,  2007.  FAS 157  established  a
single authoritative definition of fair value, set out a framework for measuring
fair value and required additional disclosures about fair value measurements. It
also nullified EITF guidance that  prohibited  recognition of gains at inception
for derivative transactions whose fair value is estimated by modeling.

Beginning  January 1, 2007,  the fair value of  customer  derivative  assets and
liabilities  fully reflects the discounted  cash flows based on forward  curves,
volatilities,  credit risks and other  market-observable  inputs. Changes in the
net fair values of customer  derivative  contracts  are a component of Brokerage
and Trading  Revenue.  Retained  earnings  were  charged $1.1  million,  or $679
thousand,  net of taxes,  for effect of the  initial  adoption of FAS 157 on the
fair value of customer derivative assets and liabilities. FAS 157 did not have a
significant effect on other fair value  measurements in the Company's  financial
statements.

Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 159, "The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities" ("FAS 159")

The  Financial   Accounting   Standards  Board  issued  Statement  of  Financial
Accounting  Standards No. 159,  "The Fair Value Option for Financial  Assets and
Financial Liabilities" ("FAS 159") during the first quarter of 2007. The purpose
of FAS 159 is to  increase  the  use of fair  value  measurements  in  financial
statements and to mitigate  volatility in reported  earnings caused by measuring
related assets and liabilities differently without having to apply complex hedge
accounting provisions.  FAS 159 permits financial statement issuers an option to
measure  eligible  financial  assets and  financial  liabilities  at fair value.
Unrealized gains and losses on assets and liabilities measured at fair value are
reported in earnings.  The option to measure  eligible assets and liabilities is
applied on an  instrument-by-instrument  basis, is irrevocable and is applied to
the entire  instrument.  FAS 159 is effective  as of the  beginning of the first
fiscal  year that  begins  after  November  15,  2007 and may be adopted as of a
fiscal  year that  begins on or before  November  15,  2007,  subject to certain
conditions. The Company will adopt FAS 159 as required on January 1, 2008.

BOK Financial expects to elect the fair value option for certain certificates of
deposit.  These  deposits  are  either  currently  designated  as  hedged or had
previously  been  designated  as  hedged,  but no  longer  meet the  correlation
requirements of Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 133. Management
believes that election of the fair value option for these items more  accurately
portrays their economic value. Effective January 1, 2008, retained earnings will
be decreased by $202 thousand to recognize the adjustment of these  certificates
to their fair values, net of deferred income taxes.

Management  is also  evaluating  election  of the fair value  option for certain
other  certificates of deposit.  If elected,  the transition  adjustment for the
fair value option is not expected to have a significant  effect on the financial
statements.

<PAGE> 49

Statement  of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  No.  141  (Revised),  "Business
Combinations" ("FAS 141R")

The Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued FAS 141R during 2007 to replace
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 141, "Business  Combinations."
FAS 141R applies to all  transactions or other events in which an entity obtains
control over one or more businesses, including combinations achieved without the
transfer of consideration. FAS 141R retains the fundamental requirement that all
business  combinations  must be accounted for under the  acquisition or purchase
method of accounting.  All assets acquired,  including  identifiable  intangible
assets, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interests must be recognized
at the  acquisition-date  fair values.  Costs incurred to effect the acquisition
and restructuring costs that the acquirer is expected but not obligated to incur
must be recognized separately from the business  combination.  Contingent assets
and  liabilities  generally  will be recognized at their  acquisition-date  fair
values.  Changes in the recognized  amounts of contingent assets and liabilities
will be  recognized  in post  acquisition-date  earnings.  FAS 141R  will have a
significant   effect  on  the   Company's   financial   statements  of  business
combinations completed after January 1, 2009.

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 160,"Non-controlling Interest in
Consolidated Financial Statements - An Amendment of ARB No. 51" ("FAS 160")

The Financial  Accounting  Standards Board issued FAS 160 during 2007 to improve
accounting for  non-controlling  or minority  interest,  which is defined as the
portion of equity of a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a
parent.  FAS 160 applies to all  for-profit  entities that prepare  consolidated
financial  statements,  but  only  affects  entities  that  have an  outstanding
non-controlling  interest in one or more subsidiaries.  Ownership interests held
by parties other than the parent shall be reported in equity,  but separate from
the parent's  equity.  The amount of consolidated  net income  attributed to the
non-controlling  interest and the parent shall be separately disclosed. FAS 160,
which will be adopted on January 1, 2009,  is not expected to have a significant
impact on the Company's financial statements.

FASB  Interpretation  No. 48,  "Accounting  for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - An
Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109" ("FIN 48")

FIN 48 was issued in 2006 to clarify  accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized  in  accordance  with FASB  Statement  No. 109.  This  interpretation
establishes  a  minimum  threshold  that  must  be met for  financial  statement
recognition and prescribes a measurement  attribute for uncertain tax positions.
The benefit of uncertain tax positions may only be recognized  when,  based upon
all  relevant  evidence,  it is  more-likely-than-not  that the  position  would
prevail upon examination,  including resolution of related appeals or litigation
based upon the technical  merits of the position.  FIN 48 also requires  tabular
reconciliation  of  unrecognized  tax benefits and changes in  unrecognized  tax
benefits  and  disclosure  of the nature of  uncertainties  that are expected to
significantly  increase or decrease within twelve months. The Company recognized
a $609 thousand  decrease of retained earnings upon adoption of FIN 48 effective
January 1, 2007.

Forward-Looking Statements

This report contains  forward-looking  statements that are based on management's
beliefs, assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and projections about BOK
Financial,  the financial  services  industry and the economy in general.  Words
such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "forecasts," "plans,"
"projects,"  variations  of such words and similar  expressions  are intended to
identify such forward-looking  statements.  Management judgments relating to and
discussion of the provision and reserves for loan losses and  off-balance  sheet
credit  losses,  reserves  for  uncertain  tax  positions  and accruals for loss
contingencies  involve  judgments  as to  expected  events  and  are  inherently
forward-looking  statements.  Assessments that BOK Financial's  acquisitions and
other growth endeavors will be profitable are necessary  statements of belief as
to the outcome of future events, based in part on information provided by others
that BOK Financial has not  independently  verified.  These  statements  are not
guarantees of future  performance and involve certain risks,  uncertainties  and
assumptions  that are  difficult  to  predict  with  regard to  timing,  extent,
likelihood and degree of occurrence.  Therefore, actual results and outcomes may
materially  differ  from  what is  expressed,  implied,  or  forecasted  in such
forward-looking statements.  Internal and external factors that might cause such
a difference  include,  but are not limited to: (1) the ability to fully realize
expected  cost  savings from mergers  within the expected  time frames,  (2) the
ability of other  companies on which BOK  Financial  relies to provide goods and
services in a timely and  accurate  manner,  (3)  changes in interest  rates and
interest  rate  relationships,  (4) demand for  products and  services,  (5) the
degree of competition by traditional and nontraditional competitors, (6) changes
in banking  regulations,  tax laws,  prices,  levies,  and assessments,  (7) the
impact of technological  advances and (8) trends in customer behavior as well as
their  ability to repay loans.  BOK Financial  and its  affiliates  undertake no
obligation to update, amend, or clarify forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Legal Notice

As used in this  report,  the  term  "BOK  Financial"  and  such  terms  as "the
Company,"  "the  Corporation,"  "our," "we" and "us" may refer to one or more of
the  consolidated  subsidiaries or all of them taken as a whole. All these terms
are used for convenience  only and are not intended as a precise  description of
any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs.

<PAGE> 50

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market Risk

Market risk is a broad term for the risk of economic loss due to adverse changes
in the fair value of a financial instrument.  These changes may be the result of
various factors,  including interest rates,  foreign exchange prices,  commodity
prices or equity prices.  Financial  instruments that are subject to market risk
can be  classified  either as held for trading or held for  purposes  other than
trading.

BOK Financial is subject to market risk primarily  through the effect of changes
in interest  rates on both its assets held for  purposes  other than trading and
trading assets.  The effects of other changes,  such as foreign  exchange rates,
commodity  prices or equity  prices do not pose  significant  market risk to BOK
Financial. BOK Financial has no material investments in assets that are affected
by  changes  in  foreign  exchange  rates or equity  prices.  Energy  derivative
contracts,  which are  affected  by changes in  commodity  prices,  are  matched
against offsetting contracts as previously discussed.

Responsibility  for  managing  market  risk  rests  with the  Asset /  Liability
Committee  that operates  under policy  guidelines  established  by the Board of
Directors. The acceptable negative variation in net interest revenue, net income
or economic value of equity due to a specified  basis point increase or decrease
in interest  rates is generally  limited by these  guidelines to +/- 10%.  These
guidelines also set maximum levels for short-term borrowings, short-term assets,
public funds, and brokered deposits, and establish minimum levels for un-pledged
assets,  among  other  things.  Compliance  with these  guidelines  is  reviewed
monthly.

Interest Rate Risk - Other than Trading

BOK Financial  has a large portion of its earning  assets in variable rate loans
and a large portion of its  liabilities in demand deposit  accounts and interest
bearing  transaction  accounts.  Changes in interest rates affect earning assets
more rapidly than interest bearing liabilities in the short term. Management has
adopted  several  strategies  to  position  the  balance  sheet to be neutral to
interest rate changes.  As previously  noted in the Net Interest Revenue section
of this report,  management acquires securities that are funded by borrowings in
the capital markets.  The average duration of these securities is expected to be
approximately  2.0  years  based on a range  of  interest  rate  and  prepayment
assumptions.

BOK  Financial  also uses  interest  rate swaps in managing  its  interest  rate
sensitivity. These products are generally used to more closely match interest on
certain  variable-rate loans with funding sources and long-term  certificates of
deposit with earning assets. Net interest revenue decreased $6.8 million in 2007
and $9.4 million in 2006 from periodic  settlements  of these  contracts.  These
contracts  are  carried on the  balance  sheet at fair value and changes in fair
value are reported in income as derivatives  gains or losses. A net gain of $2.3
million was recognized in 2007 compared with a net loss of $637 thousand in 2006
from  adjustments of these swaps and hedged  liabilities  to fair value.  Credit
risk from these swaps is  monitored  as part of our overall  process of managing
credit  exposure  to  other  financial   institutions.   Additional  information
regarding   interest  rate  swap  contracts  is  presented  in  Note  4  to  the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

The effectiveness of these strategies in managing the overall interest rate risk
is evaluated through the use of an asset/liability model. BOK Financial performs
a sensitivity  analysis to identify more dynamic  interest rate risk  exposures,
including  embedded option positions,  on net interest  revenue,  net income and
economic value of equity.  A simulation  model is used to estimate the effect of
changes in interest rates over the next 12 and 24 months based on eight interest
rate  scenarios.  Two  specified  interest  rate  scenarios are used to evaluate
interest  rate risk against  policy  guidelines.  The first  assumes a sustained
parallel 200 basis point  increase and the second  assumes a sustained  parallel
200 basis  point  decrease  in  interest  rates.  The  Company  also  performs a
sensitivity  analysis  based on a "most likely"  interest rate  scenario,  which
includes non-parallel shifts in interest rates. An independent source is used to
determine the most likely interest rate scenario.

The Company's  primary interest rate exposures  included the Federal Funds rate,
which affects short-term borrowings, and the prime lending rate and LIBOR, which
are the basis for much of the variable-rate loan pricing. Additionally, mortgage
rates directly affect the prepayment speeds for  mortgage-backed  securities and
mortgage servicing rights.  Derivative financial instruments and other financial
instruments   used  for  purposes  other  than  trading  are  included  in  this
simulation.  The model incorporates assumptions regarding the effects of changes
in interest rates and account balances on indeterminable maturity deposits based
on a combination  of historical  analysis and expected  behavior.  The impact of
planned  growth and new  business  activities  is factored  into the  simulation
model.  The  effects  of  changes  in  interest  rates on the value of  mortgage
servicing  rights are excluded from Table 30 due to the extreme  volatility over
such a large rate range.  The effects of interest  rate  changes on the value of
mortgage  servicing  rights and  securities  identified  as economic  hedges are
presented in the Lines of Business - Mortgage Banking section of this report.

The  simulations  used to manage  market risk are based on numerous  assumptions
regarding  the effects of changes in interest  rates on the timing and extent of
repricing  characteristics,  future  cash  flows and  customer  behavior.  These
assumptions  are  inherently  uncertain  and,  as a  result,  the  model  cannot
precisely estimate net interest revenue,  net income or economic value of equity
or  precisely  predict  the  impact  of higher  or lower  interest  rates on net
interest revenue, net income or economic value of equity.

<PAGE> 51

Actual results will differ from simulated  results due to timing,  magnitude and
frequency of interest rate changes, market conditions and management strategies,
among other factors.

<TABLE>
Table 30  Interest Rate Sensitivity
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                         200 bp Increase              200 bp Decrease              Most Likely
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        2007         2006           2007           2006          2007        2006
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Anticipated impact over the next
<S>                                     <C>          <C>            <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>
  twelve months on net interest revenue $(12,424)    $ (7,587)      $  3,105    $  8,357       $  9,012    $  4,060
                                            (2.0)%       (1.4)%          0.5%        1.5%           1.5%        0.7%
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Trading Activities

BOK  Financial  enters  into  trading  activities  both as an  intermediary  for
customers and for its own account.  As an intermediary,  BOK Financial will take
positions in securities, generally mortgage-backed securities, government agency
securities,  and municipal  bonds.  These securities are purchased for resale to
customers,  which include individuals,  corporations,  foundations and financial
institutions.  BOK Financial will also take trading  positions in U.S.  Treasury
securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  municipal bonds and financial futures
for its own account.  These positions are taken with the objective of generating
trading profits. Both of these activities involve interest rate risk.

A variety  of  methods  are used to manage  the  interest  rate risk of  trading
activities.  These  methods  include  daily  marking of all  positions to market
value,  independent  verification of inventory pricing,  and position limits for
each trading activity.  Hedges in either the futures or cash markets may be used
to reduce the risk associated with some trading programs.

Management  uses a Value at Risk ("VAR")  methodology to measure the market risk
inherent in its trading  activities.  VAR is  calculated  based upon  historical
simulations  over the past five years  using a variance /  covariance  matrix of
interest rate changes.  It represents an amount of market loss that is likely to
be exceeded only one out of every 100 two-week  periods.  Trading  positions are
managed within guidelines  approved by the Board of Directors.  These guidelines
limit the VAR to $1.8 million.  At December 31, 2007, the VAR was $637 thousand.
The greatest value at risk during 2007 was $1.3 million.

<PAGE> 52

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Report of Management on Financial Statements

Management of BOK Financial is responsible  for the  preparation,  integrity and
fair  presentation of the  consolidated  financial  statements  included in this
annual  report.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  have been prepared in
accordance with accounting  principles  generally  accepted in the United States
and  necessarily  include some amounts that are based on our best  estimates and
judgments.

Management,  under the supervision of the Chief Executive  Officer and the Chief
Financial  Officer,  conducted an assessment of internal  control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2007.  Internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed to provide reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the Company's  consolidated financial
statements  for  external  purposes in  accordance  with  accounting  principles
generally  accepted in the United States. In establishing  internal control over
financial reporting, management assesses risk and designs controls to prevent or
detect financial reporting  misstatements that may be consequential to a reader.
Management  also assesses the impact of any internal  control  deficiencies  and
oversees efforts to improve internal control over financial  reporting.  Because
of inherent  limitations,  it is possible that internal controls may not prevent
or detect misstatements, and it is possible that internal controls may vary over
time  based on  changing  conditions.  There  have been no  material  changes in
internal controls subsequent to December 31, 2007.

The Risk  Oversight  and Audit  Committee,  consisting  entirely of  independent
directors,   meets  regularly  with  management,   internal   auditors  and  the
independent  registered  public  accounting firm,  Ernst & Young LLP,  regarding
management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting.


Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for  establishing  and maintaining  adequate  internal
control over financial reporting and for assessing the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting,  as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f),  as amended.  Management has assessed the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
established  in  "Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework,"  issued  by  the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission. Based
on that  assessment and criteria,  management  has  determined  that the Company
maintained  effective  internal control over financial  reporting as of December
31, 2007.

Ernst & Young  LLP,  the  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm that
audited the  consolidated  financial  statements of the Company included in this
annual report has issued an audit report on the  effectiveness  of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007. Their report,
which  expresses  unqualified  opinions on the  effectiveness  of the  Company's
internal  control over financial  reporting as of December 31, 2007, is included
in this annual report.

<PAGE> 53

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


Report on Consolidated Financial Statements


The Board of Directors and Shareholders of BOK Financial Corporation

We have audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets of BOK Financial
Corporation  as of  December  31, 2007 and 2006,  and the  related  consolidated
statements  of earnings,  shareholders'  equity,  and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2007.  These  financial  statements
are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our  responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material  respects,  the  consolidated  financial  position of BOK Financial
Corporation at December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the  consolidated  results of its
operations  and its cash flows for each of the three  years in the period  ended
December  31,  2007,  in  conformity  with U.S.  generally  accepted  accounting
principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated  financial statements,  BOK Financial
Corporation changed its method of accounting for mortgage servicing rights as of
January 1,  2006,  in  accordance  with  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board
Statement  No. 156,  Accounting  for  Servicing  of  Financial  Assets.  Also as
discussed in Note 1 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  BOK  Financial
Corporation  changed its framework for fair value  measurements as of January 1,
2007, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 157,
Fair Value Measurement.  Also discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated  financial
statements,  BOK  Financial  Corporation  changed its method of  accounting  for
uncertainty in income taxes recognized as of January 1, 2007, in accordance with
Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  Interpretation  No. 48,  Accounting for
Uncertainty  in Income Taxes- An  Interpretation  of FASB  Statement No. 109. As
discussed in Note 12 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  BOK Financial
Corporation  changed its method of accounting for defined  benefit pension plans
as of December 31, 2006, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
Statement No. 158,  Employer's  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), BOK Financial Corporation's internal
control over  financial  reporting  as of December  31, 2007,  based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated  Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring  Organizations  of the  Treadway  Commission  and  our  report  dated
February 29, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


Ernst & Young LLP

Tulsa, Oklahoma

February 29, 2008

<PAGE> 54

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


Report on Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting


The Board of Directors and Shareholders of BOK Financial Corporation

We have audited BOK  Financial  Corporation's  internal  control over  financial
reporting  as of December 31, 2007,  based on criteria  established  in Internal
Control--Integrated   Framework   issued   by  the   Committee   of   Sponsoring
Organizations  of the Treadway  Commission  (the COSO  criteria).  BOK Financial
Corporation's  management is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of
Management on Internal Control over Financial  Reporting.  Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit.

We conducted  our audit in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether  effective
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in all  material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing
and evaluating the design and operating  effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed  risk,  and  performing  such other  procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

A company's  internal control over financial  reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable  assurance  regarding the reliability of financial  reporting
and the preparation of financial  statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial  reporting  includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that, in reasonable  detail,  accurately and fairly
reflect the  transactions  and  dispositions  of the assets of the company;  (2)
provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use, or  disposition  of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent  limitations,  internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, BOK Financial Corporation maintained,  in all material respects,
effective  internal  control over  financial  reporting as of December 31, 2007,
based on the COSO criteria.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight Board (United States),  the consolidated balance sheets of
BOK  Financial  Corporation  as of December  31, 2007 and 2006,  and the related
consolidated  statements of earnings,  shareholders'  equity, and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2007 of BOK  Financial
Corporation  and our report  dated  February 29, 2008  expressed an  unqualified
opinion thereon.



Ernst & Young LLP

Tulsa, Oklahoma

February 29, 2008

<PAGE> 55

<TABLE>
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
(In Thousands Except Share And Per Share Data)

                                                                   2007              2006             2005
                                                            ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Interest Revenue
<S>                                                           <C>               <C>              <C>
Loans                                                         $   892,024       $   751,391      $   554,691
Taxable securities                                                248,972           222,531          205,952
Tax-exempt securities                                              13,604             9,819            7,329
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total securities                                         262,576           232,350          213,281
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Trading securities                                                  1,657               847              675
Funds sold and resell agreements                                    4,480             1,841            1,287
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total interest revenue                                 1,160,737           986,429          769,934
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Interest Expense
Deposits                                                          412,746           336,908          210,400
Borrowed funds                                                    178,605           142,553           95,826
Subordinated debentures                                            24,901            20,280           14,367
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total interest expense                                   616,252           499,741          320,593
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Net Interest Revenue                                              544,485           486,688          449,341
Provision for Credit Losses                                        34,721            18,402           12,441
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Net Interest Revenue After Provision for Credit Losses            509,764           468,286          436,900
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Other Operating Revenue
Brokerage and trading revenue                                      62,542            53,413           48,024
Transaction card revenue                                           90,425            78,622           72,036
Trust fees and commissions                                         78,231            71,037           65,187
Deposit service charges and fees                                  109,218           102,436           98,361
Mortgage banking revenue                                           22,275            26,996           30,681
Bank-owned life insurance                                          10,058             2,558               62
Other revenue                                                      32,873            36,634           30,513
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total fees and commissions                               405,622           371,696          344,864
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Gain (loss) on sales of assets                                       (928)            1,499            7,798
Loss on securities, net                                            (8,328)             (950)          (6,895)
Gain (loss) on derivatives, net                                     2,282              (622)           1,179
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total other operating revenue                            398,648           371,623          346,946
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Other Operating Expense
Personnel                                                         328,705           296,260          258,971
Business promotion                                                 21,888            19,351           17,964
Professional fees and services                                     22,795            17,744           16,596
Net occupancy and equipment                                        57,284            52,188           50,195
Data processing and communications                                 72,733            66,926           67,026
Printing, postage and supplies                                     16,570            15,862           15,066
Net losses and operating expenses of repossessed assets               691               474              572
Amortization of intangible assets                                   7,358             5,327            6,943
Mortgage banking costs                                             12,018            11,829           14,562
Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights                   2,893            (3,009)               -
Recovery of impairment of mortgage servicing rights                     -                 -           (3,915)
Other expense                                                      32,052            29,355           25,126
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total other operating expense                            574,987           512,307          469,106
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Income Before Taxes                                               333,425           327,602          314,740
Federal and state income tax                                      115,761           114,625          113,235
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Net Income                                                    $   217,664       $   212,977      $   201,505
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Earnings Per Share:
    Basic                                                      $    3.24         $    3.19        $    3.14
    Diluted                                                    $    3.22         $    3.16        $    3.01
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Average Shares Used in Computation:
    Basic                                                      67,083,200        66,759,384       64,067,873
    Diluted                                                    67,550,538        67,310,005       67,047,064
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 56

<TABLE>
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(In Thousands Except Share Data)

                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                   ----------------------------------
                                                                                        2007              2006
                                                                                   ---------------- -----------------
Assets
<S>                                                                                <C>              <C>
Cash and due from banks                                                            $      717,259   $      775,376
Funds sold and resell agreements                                                          173,154           21,950
Trading securities                                                                         45,724           37,076
Securities:
   Available for sale                                                                   5,323,001        4,293,938
   Available for sale securities pledged to creditors                                     327,539          361,123
   Investment (fair value: 2007 - $248,788; 2006 - $246,608)                              247,949          248,689
   Mortgage trading securities                                                            154,701          162,837
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
   Total securities                                                                     6,053,190        5,066,587
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
Loans                                                                                  11,940,570       10,651,178
Residential mortgages held for sale                                                        76,677           64,625
Less reserve for loan losses                                                             (126,677)        (109,497)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
   Loans, net of reserve                                                               11,890,570       10,606,306
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
Premises and equipment, net                                                               258,786          188,041
Accrued revenue receivable                                                                138,243          118,236
Intangible assets, net                                                                    368,353          258,060
Mortgage servicing rights, net                                                             70,009           65,946
Real estate and other repossessed assets                                                    9,475            8,486
Bankers' acceptances                                                                        1,780           43,613
Derivative contracts                                                                      502,446          284,239
Cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance                                         229,540          212,230
Receivable on unsettled securities trades                                                  10,071                -
Other assets                                                                              371,264          373,478
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
      Total assets                                                                 $   20,839,864   $   18,059,624
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Noninterest-bearing demand deposits                                                $    1,875,946   $    1,780,059
Interest-bearing deposits:
  Transaction                                                                           7,096,339        5,996,970
  Savings                                                                                 156,368          139,130
  Time                                                                                  4,330,638        4,470,546
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
  Total deposits                                                                       13,459,291       12,386,705
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
Funds purchased and repurchase agreements                                               3,225,131        2,348,516
Other borrowings                                                                        1,027,564          593,731
Subordinated debentures                                                                   398,273          297,800
Accrued interest, taxes and expense                                                       124,029          104,752
Bankers' acceptances                                                                        1,780           43,613
Due on unsettled security transactions                                                          -          107,420
Derivative contracts                                                                      513,840          298,679
Other liabilities                                                                         154,572          157,386
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
  Total liabilities                                                                    18,904,480       16,338,602
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock ($.00005 par value; 1,000,000,000 shares authorized; no shares
      issued and outstanding)                                                                   -                -
  Common stock ($.00006 par value; 2,500,000,000 shares authorized;
      shares issued and outstanding:  2007 - 69,465,154; 2006 - 68,704,575)                     4                4
  Capital surplus                                                                         722,088          688,861
  Retained earnings                                                                     1,332,954        1,166,994
  Treasury stock (shares at cost: 2007 - 2,158,774; 2006 - 1,636,825)                     (88,428)         (61,393)
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                    (31,234)         (73,444)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
  Total shareholders' equity                                                            1,935,384        1,721,022
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                   $   20,839,864   $   18,059,624
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 57

<TABLE>
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In Thousands)
                                                                                     2007            2006          2005
                                                                               --------------- -------------- -------------
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
<S>                                                                             <C>             <C>            <C>
 Net income                                                                     $   217,664     $   212,977    $   201,505
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operations:
         Provision for credit losses                                                 34,721          18,402         12,441
         Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights                            2,893          (3,009)             -
         Recovery of mortgage servicing rights impairment                                 -               -         (3,915)
         Unrealized (gains) losses from derivatives                                 (11,162)         (1,531)         8,463
         Depreciation and amortization                                               43,524          39,303         44,860
         Change in bank-owned life insurance                                        (17,310)           (964)             -
         Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                    (3,460)         (4,014)        (3,583)
         Stock-based compensation                                                     8,483          10,682          8,431
         Net (accretion) amortization of securities discounts and premiums           (2,404)          1,326         (1,159)
         Net gain on sale of assets                                                   7,663         (10,629)       (15,230)
         Mortgage loans originated for resale                                    (1,022,829)       (735,432)      (783,498)
         Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans held for resale                     1,008,828         741,901        770,115
         Change in trading securities, including mortgage trading securities            896        (131,209)        (8,941)
         Change in accrued revenue receivable                                       (30,719)        (18,362)       (20,230)
         Change in other assets                                                      14,598         (56,423)        17,592
         Change in accrued interest, taxes and expense                               19,277          12,533        (53,005)
         Change in other liabilities                                                (32,886)         70,119         33,102
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                                           237,777         145,670        206,948
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
    Proceeds from sales of available for sale securities                            806,979         646,944      1,537,628
    Proceeds from maturities of investment securities                                93,245          59,099         54,336
    Proceeds from maturities of available for sale securities                     1,186,319         686,163        868,401
    Purchases of investment securities                                              (92,648)        (62,850)       (78,675)
    Purchases of available for sale securities                                   (2,909,791)     (1,208,842)    (2,731,763)
    Loans originated or acquired net of principal collected                        (936,018)     (1,727,123)    (1,287,158)
    Net payments or proceeds on derivative asset contracts                         (143,649)        (20,146)         4,290
    Investment in bank-owned life insurance                                               -        (201,987)             -
    Net change in other investment assets                                                67             165         33,718
    Proceeds from disposition of assets                                              48,341          81,731         88,527
    Purchases of other assets                                                       (44,929)        (54,520)       (49,199)
    Cash and equivalents of subsidiaries and branches acquired and sold, net        (47,476)            135        (29,093)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Net cash used by investing activities                                            (2,039,560)     (1,801,231)    (1,588,988)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
    Net change in demand deposits, transaction
      deposits and savings accounts                                                 860,612         638,901      1,246,713
    Net change in time deposits                                                    (291,822)        364,344        457,412
    Net change in other borrowings                                                1,301,093         550,038        (83,299)
    Change in amount receivable (due) on unsettled security transactions           (117,491)         98,991         65,302
    Pay down of other borrowings                                                          -               -        (95,000)
    Issuance of common and treasury stock, net                                       13,747          12,647          7,032
    Issuance of subordinated debenture, net                                         248,618               -        147,855
    Pay down of subordinated debentures                                            (150,000)              -              -
    Net change in derivative margin accounts                                        (58,451)        103,188       (167,137)
    Net payments or proceeds on derivative liability contracts                      152,873          30,333         (9,407)
    Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                          3,460           4,014          3,583
    Repurchase of common stock                                                      (17,353)        (12,103)        (2,439)
    Dividends paid                                                                  (50,416)        (36,788)       (20,344)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                                         1,894,870       1,753,565      1,550,271
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            93,087          98,004        168,231
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                    797,326         699,322        531,091
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                      $   890,413     $   797,326    $   699,322
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------

Cash paid for interest                                                          $   608,963     $   493,873    $   312,200
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Cash paid for taxes                                                                 115,627         117,604        104,543
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
Net loans transferred to repossessed real estate                                      9,825           7,057         11,633
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- -------------- -------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 58

<TABLE>
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
(In Thousands)



                                                                       Preferred Stock                  Common Stock
                                                                ------------------------------  ------------------------------
                                                                    Shares         Amount           Shares         Amount
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>
December 31, 2004                                                   249,975          $12             60,421           $4
Comprehensive income:
   Net income                                                             -            -                  -            -
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax                                   -            -                  -            -
    Comprehensive income
Treasury stock purchase                                                   -            -                  -            -
Exercise of stock options                                                 -            -                563            -
Conversion of preferred stock to common                            (249,975)         (12)             6,921            -
Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                  -            -                  -            -
Stock-based compensation                                                  -            -                  -            -
Cash dividends on:
       Preferred stock                                                    -            -                  -            -
       Common stock                                                       -            -                  -            -
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31, 2005                                                         -            -             67,905            4
Effect of implementing FAS 156, net of tax                                -            -                  -            -
Comprehensive income:
   Net income                                                             -            -                  -            -
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax                                   -            -                  -            -
     Comprehensive income
Treasury stock purchase                                                   -            -                  -            -
Exercise of stock options                                                 -            -                800            -
Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                  -            -                  -            -
Stock-based compensation                                                  -            -                  -            -
Cash dividends on common stock                                            -            -                  -            -
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31, 2006                                                         -            -             68,705            4
Effect of implementing FAS 157, net of tax                                -            -                  -            -
Effect of implementing FIN 48                                             -            -                  -            -
Comprehensive income:
   Net income                                                             -            -                  -            -
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                 -            -                  -            -
    Comprehensive income
Treasury stock purchase                                                   -            -                  -            -
Exercise of stock options                                                 -            -                760            -
Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                  -            -                  -            -
Stock-based compensation                                                  -            -                  -            -
Cash dividends on common stock                                            -            -                  -            -
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31, 2007                                                         -         $  -             69,465           $4
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 59






<TABLE>
   Accumulated
      Other
   Comprehensive         Capital           Retained                Treasury Stock
                                                         ------------------------------------
  Income (Loss)          Surplus           Earnings           Shares            Amount            Total
------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ------------------ ---------------
<S>                      <C>                <C>                 <C>            <C>              <C>
  $  (11,625)            $631,747           $809,261            998            $(30,905)        $1,398,494

           -                    -            201,505              -                   -            201,505
     (56,186)                   -                  -              -                   -            (56,186)
                                                                                              ---------------
                                                                                                   145,319
                                                                                              ---------------
           -                    -                  -             60              (2,439)            (2,439)
           -               13,728                  -            144              (6,696)             7,032
           -                   12                  -              -                   -                  -
           -                3,583                  -              -                   -              3,583
           -                7,509                  -              -                   -              7,509

           -                    -               (375)             -                   -               (375)
           -                    -            (19,969)             -                   -            (19,969)
------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ------------------ ---------------
     (67,811)             656,579            990,422          1,202             (40,040)         1,539,154
           -                    -                383              -                   -                383

           -                    -            212,977              -                   -            212,977
      (5,633)                   -                  -              -                   -             (5,633)
                                                                                              ---------------
                                                                                                   207,344
                                                                                              ---------------
           -                    -                  -            249             (12,103)           (12,103)
           -               21,897                  -            186              (9,250)            12,647
           -                4,014                  -              -                   -              4,014
           -                6,371                  -              -                   -              6,371
           -                    -            (36,788)             -                   -            (36,788)
------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ------------------ ---------------
     (73,444)             688,861          1,166,994          1,637             (61,393)         1,721,022
           -                    -               (679)             -                   -               (679)
           -                    -               (609)             -                   -               (609)

           -                    -            217,664              -                   -            217,664
      42,210                    -                  -              -                   -             42,210
                                                                                              ---------------
                                                                                                   259,874
                                                                                              ---------------
           -                    -                  -            340             (17,353)           (17,353)
           -               23,429                  -            182              (9,682)            13,747
           -                3,460                  -              -                   -              3,460
           -                6,338                  -              -                   -              6,338
           -                    -            (50,416)             -                   -            (50,416)
------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ------------------ ---------------
     $(31,234)         $  722,088        $ 1,332,954          2,159           $ (88,428)       $ 1,935,384
------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ------------------ ---------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 60

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(1) Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  of  BOK  Financial  Corporation  ("BOK
Financial" or "the  Company") have been prepared in conformity  with  accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States,  including general practices
of the banking  industry.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  include the
accounts of BOK Financial and its  subsidiaries,  principally  Bank of Oklahoma,
N.A. and its subsidiaries ("BOk"), Bank of Texas, N.A., Bank of Arkansas,  N.A.,
Bank of Albuquerque, N.A., Colorado State Bank and Trust, N.A., Bank of Arizona,
N.A., Bank of Kansas City,  N.A., and BOSC, Inc. Certain prior year amounts have
been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

New accounting  policies  first adopted in 2007 included  Statement of Financial
Accounting  Standards No. 157,  "Fair Value  Measurements"  ("FAS 157") and FASB
Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes" ("FIN 48").

The   consolidated   financial   statements   would  also  include  the  assets,
liabilities,  non-controlling  interests  and results of  operations of variable
interest  entities  ("VIEs")  when BOK Financial is determined to be the primary
beneficiary.   Variable   interest   entities  are  generally  defined  in  FASB
Interpretation  No. 46R,  "Consolidation  of  Variable  Interest  Entities,"  as
entities that either do not have sufficient  equity to finance their  activities
without support from other parties or whose equity  investors lack a controlling
financial interest. BOK Financial is not the primary beneficiary in any VIE that
would be significant to its operations.

Nature of Operations

BOK  Financial,  through its  subsidiaries,  provides a wide range of  financial
services to commercial and industrial  customers,  other financial  institutions
and consumers  throughout Oklahoma;  Northwest Arkansas;  Dallas, Fort Worth and
Houston, Texas; Albuquerque, New Mexico; Denver, Colorado; Phoenix, Arizona; and
Kansas City,  Missouri / Kansas.  These  services  include  depository  and cash
management; lending and lease financing; mortgage banking; securities brokerage,
trading and underwriting; and personal and corporate trust.

Use of Estimates

Preparation  of  BOK  Financial's  consolidated  financial  statements  requires
management  to make  estimates of future  economic  activities,  including  loan
collectibility,  prepayments  and  cash  flows  from  customer  accounts.  These
estimates  are based  upon  current  conditions  and  information  available  to
management. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates.

Acquisitions

Assets and liabilities acquired,  including identifiable  intangible assets, are
recorded at present value based on current  interest rates,  appraised values or
fair values on the  acquisition  dates.  Goodwill is recognized as the excess of
the purchase  price over the net fair value of assets  acquired and  liabilities
assumed.  The  Consolidated  Statements  of  Earnings  include  the  results  of
operations from the dates of acquisition.

Intangible Assets

Intangible  assets,  which  generally  result from  business  combinations,  are
accounted  for  under  the  provisions  of  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting
Standards  No.  142,  "Goodwill  and  Other  Intangible  Assets,"  and No.  147,
"Acquisitions of Certain Financial Institutions."

Intangible  assets with indefinite  lives,  such as goodwill,  are evaluated for
each  of  BOK  Financial's  business  units  for  impairment  annually  or  more
frequently  if  conditions  indicate  impairment.  The  evaluation  of  possible
impairment  of  intangible  assets  involves  significant  judgment  based  upon
short-term and long-term projections of future performance.

The fair value of BOK Financial's  business units is estimated by the discounted
future earnings  method.  Income growth is projected over a five-year period for
each unit and a terminal  value is computed.  This  projected  income  stream is
converted to current fair value by using a discount rate that reflects a rate of
return required by a willing buyer. Assumptions used to determine the fair value
of the Company in the  aggregate  are based on  observable  inputs,  such as the
market value of BOK Financial common stock. However,  attribution of the overall
fair  value to  individual  business  units  requires  significant  unobservable
inputs. In total, the fair value measurement for goodwill impairment  evaluation
is based on Level 3 inputs as defined by FAS 157.  There have been no changes in
the techniques used to value goodwill.

Core deposit intangible assets are amortized using accelerated  methods over the
estimated lives of the acquired deposits. These assets generally have a weighted
average life of 5 years. Other intangible assets are amortized using accelerated
or straight-line  methods,  as appropriate,  over the estimated benefit periods.
These  periods  range  from 5 years to 20  years.  The net book  values  of core
deposit intangible assets are evaluated for impairment when economic  conditions
indicate impairment may exist.

<PAGE> 61

Cash Equivalents

Due from banks,  funds sold (generally  federal funds sold for one-day  periods)
and  resell  agreements  (which  generally  mature  within  one to 30 days)  are
considered cash equivalents.

Securities

Securities are identified as trading, investment (held to maturity) or available
for sale at the time of purchase based upon the intent of management,  liquidity
and capital  requirements,  regulatory  limitations and other relevant  factors.
Trading securities, which are acquired for profit through resale, are carried at
market  value with  unrealized  gains and  losses  included  in  current  period
earnings.  Investment securities are carried at amortized cost.  Amortization is
computed by methods that approximate  level yield and is adjusted for changes in
prepayment  estimates.  Investment  securities  may be  sold or  transferred  to
trading or available for sale  classification  in certain limited  circumstances
specified in generally accepted accounting principles.  Securities identified as
available  for sale are carried at fair value.  Unrealized  gains and losses are
recorded,  net of deferred  income taxes,  as  accumulated  other  comprehensive
income (loss) in  shareholders'  equity.  Unrealized  losses on  securities  are
evaluated  to determine if the losses are  temporary  based on various  factors,
including the cause of the loss,  prospects for recovery and management's intent
and ability to hold the security until the fair value exceeds amortized cost. An
impairment  charge is recorded  against earnings if the loss is determined to be
other than temporary. Realized gains and losses on sales of securities are based
upon the  amortized  cost of the  specific  security  sold.  Available  for sale
securities are separately identified as pledged to creditors if the creditor has
the right to sell or repledge the collateral.

Certain mortgage-backed  securities,  identified as mortgage trading securities,
have been  designated as economic  hedges of mortgage  servicing  rights.  These
securities  are carried at fair value with changes in fair value  recognized  in
current period income.  These  securities are held with the intent that gains or
losses will offset changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights.

The purchase or sale of securities  is  recognized on a trade date basis.  A net
receivable or payable is recognized for subsequent transaction  settlement.  BOK
Financial will periodically commit to purchase  to-be-announced  mortgage-backed
securities.  These  commitments are carried at fair value if they are considered
derivative  contracts.  These  commitments  are not reflected in BOK Financial's
balance sheet until  settlement  date if they meet specific  criteria  exempting
them from the definition of derivative contracts.

Derivative Instruments

Derivative  instruments  may be used by the Company as part of its interest rate
risk  management  programs  or may  be  offered  to  customers.  All  derivative
instruments  are  carried  at fair  value.  The  determination  of fair value of
derivative  instruments  considers changes in interest rates,  commodity prices,
foreign  exchange  rates and  counterparty  credit  ratings,  when  appropriate.
Changes in fair value are generally reported in income as they occur.

Derivative  instruments  used to manage interest rate risk consist  primarily of
interest rate swaps.  These  contracts  modify the interest income or expense of
certain  assets  or   liabilities.   Amounts   receivable  from  or  payable  to
counterparties  are  reported  in interest  income or expense  using the accrual
method.  Changes in fair value of  interest  rate  swaps are  reported  in other
operating revenue - gain (loss) on derivatives, net.

In certain  circumstances,  an interest  rate swap may be  designated  as a fair
value  hedge and may  qualify  for  hedge  accounting.  In these  circumstances,
changes  in the full  fair  value of the  hedged  asset or  liability,  not only
changes in fair value due to changes in the  benchmark  interest  rate,  is also
recognized in earnings and may partially or  completely  offset  changes in fair
value of the interest rate swap. A fair value hedge is  considered  effective if
the cumulative fair value adjustment of the interest rate swap is within a range
of 80% to 120% of the cumulative change in the fair value of the hedged asset or
liability. Any ineffectiveness,  including ineffectiveness due to credit risk or
ineffectiveness  created  when the fixed rate of the hedged  asset or  liability
does not match the fixed  rate of the  interest  rate  swap,  is  recognized  in
earnings in the income statement line item "Gain (loss) on derivatives, net."

Interest  rate swaps may be  designated  as cash flow  hedges of  variable  rate
assets or liabilities, or of anticipated transactions. Changes in the fair value
of  interest  rate  swaps  designated  as  cash  flow  hedges  are  recorded  in
accumulated  other  comprehensive  income to the extent they are effective.  The
amount recorded in other comprehensive income is reclassified to earnings in the
same periods as the hedged cash flows impact earnings.  The ineffective  portion
of changes in fair value is reported in current earnings.

If a derivative  instrument  that had been  designated  as a fair value hedge is
terminated  or if the hedge  designation  is  removed  or deemed to no longer be
effective,  the difference between the hedged item's carrying value and its face
amount is  recognized  into income over the  remaining  original  hedge  period.
Similarly,  if a derivative  instrument  that had been designated as a cash flow
hedge is  terminated  or if the hedge  designation  is  removed  or deemed to no
longer be effective,  the amount  remaining in accumulated  other  comprehensive
income is reclassified to earnings in the same period as the hedged item.

<PAGE> 62

BOK Financial  also enters into mortgage loan  commitments  that are  considered
derivative instruments. Forward sales contracts are used to hedge these mortgage
loan  commitments  as well as  mortgage  loans  held  for  sale.  Mortgage  loan
commitments  are carried at fair value based upon quoted  prices,  excluding the
value of loan servicing rights or other ancillary values.  Changes in fair value
of the mortgage loan  commitments  and forward  sales  contracts are reported in
other operating revenue - mortgage banking revenue.

Derivative  contracts are also offered to customers.  BOK Financial serves as an
intermediary  between its customers and the markets.  Each contract  between BOK
Financial  and its  customers is offset by a contract  between BOK Financial and
various counterparties.  These contracts are carried at fair value. Compensation
for credit risk and  reimbursement of  administrative  costs are recognized over
the life of the  contracts and included in other  operating  revenue - brokerage
and trading revenue.

When   bilateral   netting   agreements   exist  between  the  Company  and  its
counterparties  that create a single legal claim or obligation to pay or receive
the net amount in settlement of the individual derivative contracts, the Company
reports derivative assets and liabilities on a net by counterparty basis.

Loans

Loans  are  either  secured  or  unsecured  based  on the  type of loan  and the
financial  condition of the borrower.  Repayment is generally expected from cash
flow or proceeds from the sale of selected assets of the borrower. BOK Financial
is exposed to risk of loss on loans due to the  borrower's  difficulties,  which
may arise from any number of factors,  including  problems within the respective
industry or local economic  conditions.  Access to  collateral,  in the event of
borrower default,  is reasonably assured through adherence to applicable lending
laws and through sound lending standards and credit review procedures.

Interest is accrued at the  applicable  interest  rate on the  principal  amount
outstanding.  Loans are placed on  nonaccrual  status  when,  in the  opinion of
management,  full  collection of principal or interest is  uncertain,  generally
when the  collection  of  principal  or  interest  is 90 days or more  past due.
Interest previously accrued but not collected is charged against interest income
when the loan is placed on nonaccrual  status.  Payments on nonaccrual loans are
applied to principal or reported as interest  income,  according to management's
judgment as to the collectability of principal.

Loan origination and commitment fees and direct loan acquisition and origination
costs are deferred and  amortized as an adjustment to yield over the life of the
loan or over the commitment period, as applicable.

Mortgage loans originated by our mortgage banking unit are held for sale and are
carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market value.  Mortgage loans held for
sale that are  designated  as hedged  assets are  carried at fair value based on
sales  commitments  or market  quotes.  Changes in fair value  after the date of
designation  of an  effective  hedge are recorded in other  operating  revenue -
mortgage banking revenue.

Reserve for Loan Losses and Off-Balance Sheet Credit Losses

Reserves for loan losses and  off-balance  sheet  credit  losses are assessed by
management, based upon an ongoing quarterly evaluation of the probable estimated
losses  inherent  in  the  portfolio,   and  include  probable  losses  on  both
outstanding  loans and unused  commitments  to provide  financing.  A consistent
methodology  has been  developed  that  includes  reserves  assigned to specific
criticized  loans,  general reserves that are based upon  statistical  migration
analyses for each category of loans,  and a nonspecific  allowance that is based
upon an analysis of current economic conditions, loan concentrations,  portfolio
growth and other relevant factors.  The reserve for loan losses related to loans
that are  identified  for  evaluation in accordance  with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan"
("FAS  114"),  is based on  discounted  cash  flows  using  the  loan's  initial
effective  interest  rate  or the  fair  value  of the  collateral  for  certain
collateral  dependent loans. Loans are considered to be impaired when it becomes
probable that BOK Financial  will be unable to collect all amounts due according
to the contractual  terms of the loan agreement.  This is substantially the same
criteria used to determine  when a loan should be placed on  nonaccrual  status.
This  evaluation is  inherently  subjective  as it requires  material  estimates
including the amounts and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on
impaired loans that may be susceptible to significant change.

In accordance  with the  provisions of FAS 114,  management  has excluded  small
balance,  homogeneous loans from the impairment evaluation specified in FAS 114.
Such loans include 1-4 family  mortgage  loans,  consumer  loans and  commercial
loans with committed  amounts less than $1 million.  The adequacy of the reserve
for loan  losses  applicable  to these loans is  evaluated  in  accordance  with
generally  accepted  accounting  principles  and  standards  established  by the
banking regulatory authorities and adopted as policy by BOK Financial.

A provision for credit losses is charged against  earnings in amounts  necessary
to maintain  adequate  reserves for loan and  off-balance  sheet credit  losses.
Loans are charged off when the loan  balance or a portion of the loan balance is
no longer covered by the paying  capacity of the borrower based on an evaluation
of available cash resources and collateral value. Loans are evaluated  quarterly
and  charge-offs  are  taken in the  quarter  in which  the loss is  identified.
Additionally, all unsecured or under-secured loans that are past due by 180 days
or more are charged off within 30 days.  Recoveries of loans previously  charged
off are added to the reserve.

<PAGE> 63

Transfers of Financial Assets

BOK  Financial  transfers  financial  assets  as  part of its  mortgage  banking
activities and periodically may transfer other financial  assets.  Transfers are
recorded  as sales  for  financial  reporting  purposes  when the  criteria  for
surrender of control specified in Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards,
No. 140,  "Accounting  for  Transfers  and  Servicing  of  Financial  Assets and
Extinguishment  of  Liabilities"  are met. BOK Financial may retain the right to
service  the assets and may incur a recourse  obligation.  The  Company may also
retain a residual  interest in excess cash flows  generated  by the assets.  All
assets obtained,  including cash,  servicing rights and residual interests,  and
all  liabilities  incurred,   including  recourse  obligations,   are  initially
recognized at fair value,  all assets  transferred are derecognized and any gain
or loss on the sale is recognized in earnings.  Subsequently,  servicing rights,
residual  interest  and  recourse  obligations  are  carried  at fair value with
changes in fair value  recognized in earnings as they occur. A separate  reserve
is maintained  as part of other  liabilities  for the  Company's  credit risk on
loans transferred subject to a recourse obligation.

Real Estate and Other Repossessed Assets

Real estate and other repossessed assets are assets acquired in partial or total
forgiveness  of loans.  These assets are carried at the lower of cost,  which is
determined by fair value at date of foreclosure,  or current fair value.  Income
generated by these assets is recognized as received,  and operating expenses are
recognized as incurred.

Premises and Equipment

Premises and equipment are carried at cost including capitalized interest,  when
appropriate,  less accumulated  depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and
amortization  are computed on a  straight-line  basis over the estimated  useful
lives of the assets  or, for  leasehold  improvements,  over the  shorter of the
estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms. Useful lives range from 5 years
to 40 years for buildings and improvements,  3 years to 7 years for software and
3 years to 10 years for furniture and equipment.  Repair and  maintenance  costs
are charged to expense as incurred.

Rent expense for leased  premises is recognized as incurred over the lease term.
The effects of rent holidays, significant rent escalations and other adjustments
to rent payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Mortgage Servicing Rights

Mortgage servicing rights are carried at fair value as permitted by Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 156, "Accounting for Servicing of Financial
Assets"  ("FAS  156").  Mortgage  servicing  rights may be  purchased  or may be
recognized  when mortgage loans are originated  pursuant to an existing plan for
sale or, if no such plan exists,  when the mortgage  loans are sold.  Originated
mortgage servicing rights are initially  recognized at fair value. Fair value is
based on market quotes for similar servicing rights, which is a Level 2 input as
defined by FAS 157. Changes in the fair value are recognized in earnings as they
occur.

There is no active market for trading in mortgage  servicing rights. A cash flow
model is used to determine fair value. Key assumptions and estimates,  including
projected  prepayment  speeds and assumed  servicing  costs,  earnings on escrow
deposits,  ancillary income and discount rates,  used by this model are based on
current market sources.  Assumptions used to value mortgage servicing rights are
considered Level 3 inputs as defined by FAS 157. A separate third party model is
used to estimate  prepayment  speeds based on interest rates,  housing  turnover
rates,  estimated  loan  curtailment,  anticipated  defaults and other  relevant
factors. The prepayment model is updated daily for changes in market conditions.
At least  annually,  we request  estimates of fair value from outside sources to
corroborate  the results of the valuation  model.  There have been no changes in
the techniques used to value mortgage servicing rights.

Federal and State Income Taxes

BOK  Financial  and  its  subsidiaries  file   consolidated  tax  returns.   The
subsidiaries  provide for income  taxes on a separate  return basis and remit to
BOK Financial amounts determined to be currently payable.

Current  income tax  expense is based on an  effective  tax rate that  considers
statutory federal and state income tax rates and permanent  differences  between
income and expense  recognition for financial reporting and income tax purposes.
The amount of current  income tax  expense  recognized  in any period may differ
from amounts reported to taxing authorities.

BOK Financial has a reserve for  uncertain tax  positions,  which is included in
accrued current income taxes payable,  for the uncertain portion of recorded tax
benefits and related interest.  These uncertainties  result from the application
of complex tax laws, rules, regulations and interpretations,  primarily in state
taxing jurisdictions. The adequacy of this reserve is assessed quarterly and may
be  adjusted  through  current  income tax  expense in future  periods  based on
changing  facts  and   circumstances,   completion  of  examinations  by  taxing
authorities or expiration of a statute of limitations.  Estimated  penalties and
interest on uncertain tax positions are recognized in income tax expense.

Deferred tax assets and  liabilities  are  determined  based upon the difference
between the values of the assets and  liabilities  as reflected in the financial
statements and their related tax basis using enacted tax rates in effect for the
year in which the  differences  are  expected to be  recovered  or  settled.  As
changes in tax law or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities

<PAGE> 64

are adjusted  through the provision for income taxes.  A valuation  allowance is
provided  when it is more  likely  than  not that  some  portion  or the  entire
deferred tax asset will not be realized.

Employee Benefit Plans

BOK Financial  sponsors a defined  benefit cash balance  pension plan  ("Pension
Plan"),  qualified profit sharing plans ("Thrift Plans") and employee healthcare
plans.  Pension  Plan  costs,  which are based upon  actuarial  computations  of
current costs, are expensed  annually.  Unrecognized  prior service cost and net
gains or losses are  amortized on a  straight-line  basis over the lesser of the
average  remaining  service periods of the  participants  or 10 years.  Employer
contributions  to the Pension Plan are in  accordance  with  Federal  income tax
regulations.  Pension  Plan  benefits  were  curtailed  as of April 1, 2006.  No
participants may be added to the Pension Plan and no additional service benefits
will be accrued.

BOK Financial  recognizes the funded status of its employee benefit plans. For a
pension plan, the funded status is the difference between the fair value of plan
assets and the projected benefit  obligation  measured as of the fiscal year-end
date. Adjustments required to recognize the Pension Plan's net funded status are
made through  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income,  net of deferred income
taxes.

Employer  contributions to the Thrift Plans, which match employee  contributions
subject to percentage and years of service  limits,  are expensed when incurred.
BOK  Financial  recognizes  the expense of health  care  benefits on the accrual
method.

Stock Compensation Plans

BOK  Financial  adopted  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 123R,
"Share-Based  Payments" ("FAS 123R") as of January 1, 2006. In 2003, the Company
had  adopted  the expense  recognition  provisions  of  Statement  of  Financial
Accounting  Standards No. 123,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation"  by
restating  prior  years'  financial  statements.  Adoption  of FAS  123R did not
significantly  affect the Company's  financial  statements.  Excess tax benefits
from share-based  payments  recognized in capital surplus were determined by the
excess of tax  benefits  recognized  over the tax  effect of  compensation  cost
recognized.

Grant date fair  value of stock  options  is based on the  Black-Scholes  option
pricing model.  Stock options  generally have graded vesting over 7 years.  Each
tranche is  considered a separate  award for  valuation  and  compensation  cost
recognition.  Grant date fair value of non-vested shares is based on the current
market value of BOK Financial  common stock.  Non-vested  shares cliff vest in 5
years.

Compensation  cost is  recognized as expense over the service  period,  which is
generally the vesting period of the options to be exercised.  Expense is reduced
for  estimated  forfeitures  over the  vesting  period and  adjusted  for actual
forfeitures as they occur.  Stock-based compensation awarded to certain officers
has   performance   conditions   that  affect  the  number  of  awards  granted.
Compensation  cost is adjusted based on the probable  outcome of the performance
conditions.

Certain executive  officers may defer the recognition of income from stock-based
compensation  for income tax purposes and to diversify the deferred  income into
alternative  investments.  Stock-based compensation granted to these officers is
considered  liability awards.  Changes in the fair value of liability awards are
recognized as compensation expense in the period of the change.

Other Operating Revenue

Fees and commission  revenue is recognized at the time the related  services are
provided or products  are sold and may be accrued when  necessary.  Accrued fees
and commissions are reversed against revenue if amounts are subsequently  deemed
to be uncollectible.  As described in EITF Issue 99-19,  Reporting Revenue Gross
as a Principal  versus Net as an Agent,  revenue is  recognized on a gross basis
whenever we have primary  responsibility  and risk in providing  the services or
products  to our  customers  and on a net basis  whenever we act as a broker for
products or services of others.

Brokerage and trading revenue  includes  changes in the fair value of securities
held for trading  purposes and  derivatives  held for customer  risk  management
programs,  commissions  earned from the retail sale of securities,  mutual funds
and other financial instruments, and underwriting and financial advisory fees.

Trust fees and  commissions  include  revenue  from asset  management,  custody,
recordkeeping,  investment  advisory  and  administration  services.  Revenue is
recognized on an accrual basis at the time the services are performed and may be
based on either the fair value of the account or the service provided.

Deposit service charges and fees are recognized at least quarterly in accordance
with our published deposit account agreement and disclosure statement for retail
accounts or  contractual  agreement for  commercial  accounts.  Item charges for
overdraft or  non-sufficient  funds items are  recognized as items are presented
for payment.  Account  balance charges and activity fees are accrued monthly and
collected  in  arrears.  Commercial  account  activity  fees may be offset by an
earnings credit based on account balances.

<PAGE> 65

Effect of Recently Issued Statements of Financial Accounting Standards

Financial Accounting Standards Board

Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements"
("FAS 157")

BOK Financial adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, "Fair
Value  Measurement"  (FAS 157") as of January 1,  2007.  FAS 157  established  a
single authoritative definition of fair value, set out a framework for measuring
fair value and required additional disclosures about fair value measurements. It
also nullified EITF guidance that  prohibited  recognition of gains at inception
for derivative transactions whose fair value is estimated by modeling.

Beginning  January 1, 2007,  the fair value of  customer  derivative  assets and
liabilities  fully reflects the discounted  cash flows based on forward  curves,
volatilities,  credit risks and other  market-observable  inputs. Changes in the
net fair values of customer  derivative  contracts  are a component of Brokerage
and Trading  Revenue.  Retained  earnings  were  charged $1.1  million,  or $679
thousand,  net of taxes,  for effect of the  initial  adoption of FAS 157 on the
fair value of customer derivative assets and liabilities. FAS 157 did not have a
significant effect on other fair value  measurements in the Company's  financial
statements.

Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 159, "The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities" ("FAS 159")

The  Financial   Accounting   Standards  Board  issued  Statement  of  Financial
Accounting  Standards No. 159,  "The Fair Value Option for Financial  Assets and
Financial Liabilities" ("FAS 159") during the first quarter of 2007. The purpose
of FAS 159 is to  increase  the  use of fair  value  measurements  in  financial
statements and to mitigate  volatility in reported  earnings caused by measuring
related assets and liabilities differently without having to apply complex hedge
accounting provisions.  FAS 159 permits financial statement issuers an option to
measure  eligible  financial  assets and  financial  liabilities  at fair value.
Unrealized gains and losses on assets and liabilities measured at fair value are
reported in earnings.  The option to measure  eligible assets and liabilities is
applied on an  instrument-by-instrument  basis, is irrevocable and is applied to
the entire  instrument.  FAS 159 is effective  as of the  beginning of the first
fiscal  year that  begins  after  November  15,  2007 and may be adopted as of a
fiscal  year that  begins on or before  November  15,  2007,  subject to certain
conditions. The Company will adopt FAS 159 as required on January 1, 2008.

BOK Financial expects to elect the fair value option for certain certificates of
deposit.  These  deposits  are  either  currently  designated  as  hedged or had
previously  been  designated  as  hedged,  but no  longer  meet the  correlation
requirements of Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 133. Management
believes that election of the fair value option for these items more  accurately
portrays their economic value. Effective January 1, 2008, retained earnings will
be decreased by $202 thousand to recognize the adjustment of these  certificates
to their fair values, net of deferred income taxes.

Management  is also  evaluating  election  of the fair value  option for certain
other  certificates of deposit.  If elected,  the transition  adjustment for the
fair value option is not expected to have a significant  effect on the financial
statements.

Statement  of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  No.  141  (Revised),  "Business
Combinations" ("FAS 141R")

The Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued FAS 141R during 2007 to replace
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 141, "Business  Combinations."
FAS 141R applies to all  transactions or other events in which an entity obtains
control over one or more businesses, including combinations achieved without the
transfer of consideration. FAS 141R retains the fundamental requirement that all
business  combinations  must be accounted for under the  acquisition or purchase
method of accounting.  All assets acquired,  including  identifiable  intangible
assets, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interests must be recognized
at the  acquisition-date  fair values.  Costs incurred to effect the acquisition
and restructuring costs that the acquirer is expected but not obligated to incur
must be recognized separately from the business  combination.  Contingent assets
and  liabilities  generally  will be recognized at their  acquisition-date  fair
values.  Changes in the recognized  amounts of contingent assets and liabilities
will be  recognized  in post  acquisition-date  earnings.  FAS 141R  will have a
significant   effect  on  the   Company's   financial   statements  of  business
combinations completed after January 1, 2009.

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 160,"Non-controlling Interest in
Consolidated Financial Statements - An Amendment of ARB No. 51" ("FAS 160")

The Financial  Accounting  Standards Board issued FAS 160 during 2007 to improve
accounting for  non-controlling  or minority  interest,  which is defined as the
portion of equity of a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a
parent.  FAS 160 applies to all  for-profit  entities that prepare  consolidated
financial  statements,  but  only  affects  entities  that  have an  outstanding
non-controlling  interest in one or more subsidiaries.  Ownership interests held
by parties other than the parent shall be reported in equity,  but separate from
the parent's  equity.  The amount of consolidated  net income  attributed to the
non-controlling  interest and the parent shall be separately disclosed. FAS 160,
which will be adopted on January 1, 2009,  is not expected to have a significant
impact on the Company's financial statements.

<PAGE> 66


FASB  Interpretation  No. 48,  "Accounting  for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - An
Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109" ("FIN 48")

FIN 48 was issued in 2006 to clarify  accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized  in  accordance  with FASB  Statement  No. 109.  This  interpretation
establishes  a  minimum  threshold  that  must  be met for  financial  statement
recognition and prescribes a measurement  attribute for uncertain tax positions.
The benefit of uncertain tax positions may only be recognized  when,  based upon
all  relevant  evidence,  it is  more-likely-than-not  that the  position  would
prevail upon examination,  including resolution of related appeals or litigation
based upon the technical  merits of the position.  FIN 48 also requires  tabular
reconciliation  of  unrecognized  tax benefits and changes in  unrecognized  tax
benefits  and  disclosure  of the nature of  uncertainties  that are expected to
significantly  increase or decrease within twelve months. The Company recognized
a $609 thousand  decrease of retained earnings upon adoption of FIN 48 effective
January 1, 2007.

<PAGE> 67

(2) Acquisitions

On June 18, 2007, BOK Financial paid $43 million in cash for all the outstanding
stock of Colorado-based  United Banks of Colorado,  Inc. The purchase price paid
for United Banks and  resulting  goodwill  reflects  performance  and  operating
issues experienced by the bank in recent years. United Banks had total assets of
approximately $166 million,  including loans of $94 million,  and total deposits
of $133 million and eleven banking  locations in the Denver area. Loans acquired
from United  Banks are  subject to a guaranty  by the sellers  through an escrow
fund  held in trust by  Colorado  State  Bank and  Trust.  The  Company  will be
reimbursed  for up to $8 million of losses,  including  principal,  interest and
collection costs, on acquired loans in a three-year period after the acquisition
date. Accordingly,  none of the purchase price was allocated to an allowance for
loan losses.  An allocation of the purchase price to the net assets  acquired is
as follows (in thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents                $     36,249
Securities                                      2,245
Loans                                          93,810
Premises and equipment                         32,277
Core deposit premium                            5,039
Other assets                                    2,298
                                         ----------------
Total assets acquired                         171,918
                                         ----------------
Deposits                                      133,342
Other borrowings                                2,138
Other liabilities                               6,909
                                         ----------------
Net assets acquired                            29,529
Less purchase price                            42,796
                                         ----------------
Goodwill                                   $   13,267
                                         ----------------

On September  21, 2007,  operations of United  Banks'  subsidiary,  First United
Bank,  N.A. were combined with  Colorado  State Bank and Trust,  N.A.  through a
purchase and assumption agreement.

On May 31, 2007, BOK Financial paid $127 million in cash for all the outstanding
stock of  Texas-based  Worth  Bancorporation,  Inc.  Worth had  total  assets of
approximately  $410  million,  including  net loans of $281  million,  and total
deposits of $369  million and five  branches in the Fort Worth  market.  None of
Worth National  Bank's loans were impaired at the acquisition  date.  Therefore,
none of the  allowance  for loan  losses was  allocated  as a  reduction  of the
principal  balance of the acquired loans. An allocation of the purchase price to
the net assets acquired is as follows (in thousands):


Cash and cash equivalents                $     86,563
Securities                                     22,676
Loans                                         284,039
Less reserve for loan losses                   (3,528)
                                         ----------------
Loans, net of reserve                         280,511
Premises and equipment                          6,214
Core deposit premium                           13,741
Other assets                                   15,029
                                         ----------------
Total assets acquired                         424,734
                                         ----------------
Deposits                                      369,343
Other borrowings                                7,217
Other liabilities                               6,285
                                         ----------------
Net assets acquired                            41,889
Less purchase price                           127,067
                                         ----------------
Goodwill                                   $   85,178
                                         ----------------

Core deposit premiums are identifiable intangible assets initially recognized at
estimated fair value.  Fair value is determined by projecting  future cash flows
that may be earned from  investing the proceeds of the acquired  deposits,  less
interest,  servicing  and other costs over the  estimated  lives of the acquired
deposits.  The  projected  net cash flow is  discounted to determine the current
fair value.  The fair value  measurement  of core  deposit  premiums is based on
Level 3 inputs as defined by FAS 157.

During the first quarter of 2007, the Company paid  approximately  $425 thousand
to  acquire a charter  for Bank of  Kansas  City in order to begin  full-service
banking operations in Missouri.  Previously,  the Company's full-service banking
rights were  restricted to Kansas City,  Kansas.  The Company  currently has two
full-service banking locations in the Kansas City market.

<PAGE> 68

On November 6, 2006, BOK Financial paid a net amount of $365 thousand in cash to
acquire  a state  banking  charter.  The  acquired  state  banking  charter  was
subsequently  converted to a national  banking charter and the surviving  entity
renamed Bank of Kansas City, N.A. This  transaction was necessary to comply with
state  restrictions  on forming a de novo bank in Kansas.  On April 6, 2005, BOK
Financial  paid $32.0  million in cash for all the  outstanding  stock of Valley
Commerce Bancorp, Ltd. and its Valley Commerce Bank subsidiary. As of August 15,
2005, Valley Commerce Bank was renamed Bank of Arizona, N.A. The transaction was
accounted for by the purchase method of accounting.

The results of operations of these  acquisitions would not have been significant
to the Company's  consolidated  results  during the  pre-acquisition  periods of
2007, 2006 and 2005.  None of the intangible  assets acquired are deductible for
tax purposes.

<PAGE> 69

(3) Securities

Investment Securities

The amortized  cost and fair values of investment  securities are as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                     December 31,
                             ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2007                                           2006
                             ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Amortized     Fair       Gross Unrealized      Amortized     Fair       Gross Unrealized
                                                    ------------------------                       ------------------------
                                Cost       Value       Gain        Loss         Cost       Value       Gain       Loss
                             ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
 U.S. Treasury                 $      -   $      -     $    -    $     -      $  1,999    $  1,995    $    -     $    (4)
 Municipal and other tax-exempt 242,274    243,061      1,439       (651)      240,976     238,869       471      (2,578)
 Other debt securities            5,675      5,727         52         (1)        5,714       5,744        51         (21)
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total                   $247,949   $248,788     $1,491   $   (652)     $248,689    $246,608    $  522    $ (2,603)
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The  amortized  cost and fair values of  investment  securities  at December 31,
2007, by contractual  maturity,  are as shown in the following table (dollars in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                                                               Weighted
                                         Less than      One to         Six to         Over                      Average
                                         One Year     Five Years     Ten Years     Ten Years       Total       Maturity(2)
                                        ------------ -------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------
Municipal and other tax-exempt:
<S>                                     <C>          <C>              <C>           <C>          <C>              <C>
  Amortized cost                        $  61,625    $  148,858       $23,485       $ 8,306      $ 242,274        2.80
  Fair value                               61,671       149,552        23,598         8,240        243,061
  Nominal yield(1)                           5.40          5.57          5.88          6.51           5.59
Other debt securities:
  Amortized cost                        $   5,102    $      573       $     -     $       -     $    5,675        0.80
  Fair value                                5,153           574             -             -          5,727
  Nominal yield                              4.79          4.74             -             -           4.79
                                        ------------ -------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------
Total fixed maturity securities:
  Amortized cost                        $  66,727    $  149,431     $  23,485     $   8,306     $  247,949        2.75
  Fair value                               66,824       150,126        23,598         8,240        248,788
  Nominal yield                              5.36          5.57          5.88          6.51           5.57
                                        ------------ -------------- ------------- -------------
Total investment securities:
  Amortized cost                                                                                 $ 247,949
  Fair value                                                                                       248,788
  Nominal yield                                                                                       5.57
                                                                                                -------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Calculated on a taxable equivalent basis using a 39% effective tax rate.

(2)  Expected  maturities  may  differ  from  contractual  maturities,   because
     borrowers may have the right to call or prepay  obligations with or without
     penalty.

<PAGE> 70

Available for Sale Securities

The  amortized  cost and fair  value of  available  for sale  securities  are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                       December 31,
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   2007                                            2006
                              ----------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------
                               Amortized      Fair       Gross Unrealized      Amortized      Fair       Gross Unrealized
                                                      -----------------------                          ----------------------
                                  Cost       Value       Gain       Loss          Cost        Value       Gain      Loss
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>         <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>      <C>
U.S. Treasury                   $  6,961    $  7,088     $  127    $     -      $  6,014    $  5,983      $    -   $   (31)
Municipal and other tax-exempt    26,478      26,578        133        (33)       77,860      78,614         819       (65)
Mortgage-backed securities:
    U. S. agencies             3,838,219   3,817,939     16,120    (36,400)    3,204,592   3,128,138         327   (76,781)
    Other                      1,664,537   1,641,189      1,225    (24,573)    1,361,373   1,333,533         412   (28,252)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total mortgage-backed
   securities                  5,502,756   5,459,128     17,345    (60,973)    4,565,965   4,461,671         739  (105,033)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other debt securities                 42          41          -         (1)           46          45           -        (1)
Equity securities and mutual
   funds                         151,689     157,705      6,016  -               101,960     108,748       6,788         -
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total                       $5,687,926 $5,650,540     $23,621  $(61,007)    $4,751,845 $4,655,061      $8,346  $(105,130)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The amortized cost and fair values of available for sale securities at December
31, 2007, by contractual maturity, are as shown in the following table (dollars
in thousands):
<TABLE>
                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                          Less than      One to         Six to         Over                      Average
                                          One Year     Five Years     Ten Years     Ten Years        Total      Maturity(5)
                                         ------------ -------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- -----------
U.S. Treasuries:
<S>                                      <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>                <C>
   Amortized cost                        $   6,961    $        -     $        -    $       -     $     6,961        0.56
   Fair value                                7,088             -              -            -           7,088
   Nominal yield                              4.45             -              -            -            4.45
Municipal and other tax-exempt:
   Amortized cost                        $       -    $    1,015     $   11,622    $  13,841     $    26,478       10.91
   Fair value                                    -         1,015         11,714       13,849          26,578
   Nominal yield(1)                              -          3.65           4.11         4.51            4.30
Other debt securities:
   Amortized cost                        $       -    $       42     $       -     $       -     $        42        2.92
    Fair value                                   -            41             -             -              41
   Nominal yield(1)                              -          6.73             -             -            6.73
                                         ------------ -------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- -----------
Total fixed maturity securities:
   Amortized cost                        $   7,046    $      972     $   11,622    $  13,841     $    33,481        8.75
   Fair value                                7,088         1,056         11,714       13,849          33,707
   Nominal yield                              4.45          3.77           4.11         4.51            4.34
                                         ------------ -------------- ------------- -------------
Mortgage-backed securities:
   Amortized cost                                                                                $ 5,502,756         (2)
   Fair value                                                                                      5,459,128
   Nominal yield(4)                                                                                     4.74
                                                                                                 --------------
Equity securities and mutual funds:
   Amortized cost                                                                                $   151,689         (3)
   Fair value                                                                                        157,705
   Nominal yield                                                                                        2.91
                                                                                                 --------------
Total available-for-sale securities:
   Amortized cost                                                                                $ 5,687,926
   Fair value                                                                                      5,650,540
   Nominal yield                                                                                        4.69
                                                                                                 --------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Calculated on a taxable equivalent basis using a 39% effective tax rate.
(2)  The average  expected lives of  mortgage-backed  securities were 3.38 years
     based upon current prepayment assumptions.
(3)  Primarily common stock of U.S.  government  agencies and preferred stock of
     corporate issuers with no stated maturity.
(4)  The nominal yield on  mortgage-backed  securities is based upon  prepayment
     assumptions  at  the  purchase  date.   Actual  yields  earned  may  differ
     significantly based upon actual prepayments.
(5)  Expected  maturities  may  differ  from  contractual  maturities,   because
     borrowers may have the right to call or prepay  obligations with or without
     penalty.

<PAGE> 71

Sales of available for sale  securities  resulted in gains and losses as follows
(in thousands):

                              2007        2006        2005
                           ----------- ----------- -----------
Proceeds                    $806,979    $646,944  $1,537,628
Gross realized gains           3,937       2,819       5,145
Gross realized losses         11,779       3,460      12,040
Related federal and state
  income tax benefit          (2,723)       (224)     (2,480)

Mortgage  trading  securities  are  mortgage-backed  securities  that  have been
designated  as an  economic  hedge  of the  mortgage  servicing  rights  and are
separately identified on the balance sheet. These securities are carried at fair
value.  Changes in fair value are  recognized  in earnings as they occur.  As of
December 31, 2007, mortgage trading securities are carried at their $155 million
fair value and had a net unrealized gain of $781 thousand.

In addition to securities  that have been  reclassified as pledged to creditors,
securities  with an amortized  cost of $4.1 billion and $3.0 billion at December
31, 2007 and 2006, respectively,  have been pledged as collateral for repurchase
agreements,  public  and  trust  funds on  deposit  and for other  purposes,  as
required by law.  The secured  parties do not have the right to sell or repledge
these securities.

Net unrealized  losses on securities  not recognized as an  other-than-temporary
impairment totaled $37 million at December 31, 2007 compared with net unrealized
losses of $99  million at December  31,  2006.  The  aggregate  gross  amount of
unrealized  losses at December 31, 2007 totaled $62 million.  Unrealized  losses
were due  primarily to rising  interest  rates.  None of the  unrealized  losses
resulted from credit quality concerns.  Management evaluated the securities with
unrealized  losses to  determine if the losses were other than  temporary.  This
evaluation  considered  factors  such as causes  of the  unrealized  losses  and
prospects  for recovery over various  interest rate  scenarios and time periods.
The Company also considered the ability and intent to hold the securities  until
the fair values exceed amortized cost. Management determined, based on currently
available  information and its evaluation,  that the unrealized  losses in these
securities were temporary, other than the securities discussed below.

During the first half of 2007, the Company invested $41 million in variable rate
perpetual  preferred  stocks  issued by six major  banks and  brokerage  houses.
Although  these  issuers  remain  rated  investment  grade by the  major  rating
agencies and all scheduled  dividend payments have been made, the fair values of
these  stocks  have  declined  to $33 million at  December  31,  2007.  Based on
widening  credit  spreads,  the duration  and severity of the  reduction in fair
value and the market's  negative  outlook on the financial  services  sector for
2008, we determined  that a recovery of fair value to at least the cost basis of
these  securities  was not  expected in the near term.  An  other-than-temporary
impairment charge of $8.6 million was recognized through earnings.

<PAGE> 72

<TABLE>
Temporarily Impaired Securities as of December 31, 2007
(In Thousands)
                                 Number      Less Than 12 Months       12 Months or Longer              Total
                                           ------------------------- ------------------------- -------------------------
                                   of         Fair      Unrealized      Fair      Unrealized      Fair      Unrealized
                                Securities    Value        Loss         Value        Loss         Value        Loss
                                ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Investment:
<S>                               <C>      <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>             <C>          <C>
  Municipal and other tax-exempt  210      $    1,996   $       5    $   91,319   $     646       $93,315      $   651
  Other                             1               -           -           600           1           600            1
------------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
                                  211            1,996          5        91,919         647        93,915          652
Available for sale:
  Other debt securities             2               16          -            25           1            41            1
  Municipal and other tax-exempt    9            2,925         22           304          11         3,229           33
  Mortgage-backed securities:
      U. S. agencies              282          290,657      6,489     1,943,030      29,911     2,233,687       36,400
      Other                        84          425,527      4,150     1,003,557      20,423     1,429,084       24,573
------------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
                                  377          719,125     10,661     2,946,916      50,346     3,666,041       61,007
------------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Total                             588         $721,121    $10,666   $ 3,038,835   $  50,993    $3,759,956    $  61,659
------------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------


Temporarily Impaired Securities as of December 31, 2006
(In Thousands)
                                  Number     Less Than 12 Months       12 Months or Longer              Total
                                           ------------------------- ------------------------- -------------------------
                                    of         Fair      Unrealized      Fair      Unrealized      Fair      Unrealized
                                Securities    Value        Loss         Value        Loss         Value        Loss
                                ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

Investment:
  U.S. Treasury                     1      $        -   $       -    $    1,995   $       4        $1,995    $       4
  Municipal and other tax-exempt  327          27,382          87       130,809       2,491       158,191        2,578
  Other                             1             579          21             -           -           579           21
------------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
                                  329           27,961        108       132,804       2,495       160,765        2,603
Available for sale:
  U. S. Treasury                    2               -           -         5,983          31         5,983           31
  Other debt securities             1               25          1             -           -            25            1
  Municipal and other tax-exempt   40            9,355         35         4,848          30        14,203           65
  Mortgage-backed securities:
      U. S. agencies              342        1,305,298     34,315     1,599,138      42,466     2,904,436       76,781
      Other                        60          867,464     15,902       403,059      12,350     1,270,523       28,252
------------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
                                  445        2,182,142     50,253     2,013,028      54,877     4,195,170      105,130
 ------------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Total                             774       $2,210,103    $50,361    $2,145,832   $  57,372    $4,355,935     $107,733
------------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 73

(4) Derivatives

The  fair  values  of  derivative  contracts  at  December  31,  2007  were  (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                 December 31, 2007              December 31, 2006
                                          ---------------------------- -- ----------------------------
                                             Assets        Liabilities        Assets        Liabilities
                                          ----------- -- ------------- -- ------------ --- ------------
   Customer Risk Management Programs:
<S>                                         <C>            <C>              <C>              <C>
         Interest rate contracts            $73,946        $78,808          $20,063          $22,761
         Energy contracts                   399,363        406,740          250,930          254,513
         Cattle contracts                     3,374          3,242            1,404            1,404
         Foreign exchange contracts          20,205         20,205           10,801           10,803
         CD options                           4,325          4,325               49               49
----------------------------------------- ----------- -- ------------- -- ------------ --- ------------
   Total Customer Derivatives               501,213        513,320          283,247          289,530
   Interest Rate Risk Management Programs     1,233            520              992            9,149
----------------------------------------- ----------- -- ------------- -- ------------ --- ------------
     Total Derivative Contracts           $ 502,446       $513,840        $ 284,239         $298,679
----------------------------------------- ----------- -- ------------- -- ------------ --- ------------
</TABLE>

Customer Risk Management Programs

BOK Financial offers programs that permit its customers to manage various risks,
including  fluctuations  in energy and cattle  and other  agricultural  products
prices,  interest rates and foreign  exchange  rates.  Derivative  contracts are
executed  between the  customers  and BOK  Financial.  Offsetting  contracts are
executed between BOK Financial and selected  counterparties to minimize the risk
of changes in commodity  prices,  interest rates or foreign  exchange rates. The
counterparty  contracts  are identical to the customer  contracts,  except for a
fixed  pricing  spread  or a fee  paid  to BOK  Financial  as  compensation  for
administrative costs, credit risks and profit.

Interest Rate Risk Management Programs

BOK   Financial   uses  interest  rate  swaps  in  managing  its  interest  rate
sensitivity.  Interest  rate swaps are  generally  used to reduce  overall asset
sensitivity by converting specific fixed rate liabilities to floating rate based
on LIBOR, or specific  prime-based loans to fixed rate.  Interest rate swaps are
designated as fair value or cash flow hedges when the specific criteria required
by generally  accepted  accounting  principles are met.  These criteria  include
requirements that derivatives are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair
value or cash flow of the hedged assets or liabilities.

The following  table  details  interest  rate swaps and,  when  applicable,  the
associated  hedged  assets or  liabilities  at  December  31,  2007  (dollars in
thousands):


<TABLE>
                       Hedged Asset / Liability                                   Interest Rate Swap
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Weighted Average                    Weighted Average
                                     -------------------------          ---------------------------
                                      Fixed Rate   Floating    Notional  Fixed Rate  Floating Rate  Positive   Negative
                                                     Rate                 Received     Received    Fair Value Fair Value
 Maturity   Description      Amount     (Paid)   Received(2)    Amount     (Paid)      (Paid) (1)
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Fair value hedges:
<S> <C>                    <C>          <C>                   <C>             <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>
    2008 Certificates of   $131,124     (4.839)%        - %   $132,000        5.001 %    (4.600)%    $    78    $   103
         deposit
    2009 Certificates of     67,473     (4.009)         -       70,000        4.133      (4.600)         336         95
         deposit
    2010 Certificates of      8,871     (3.631)         -       10,000        3.657      (4.600)           -         25
         deposit
    2011 Certificates of     27,792     (3.983)         -       30,000        4.013      (4.600)          92          -
         deposit
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total fair         235,260                            242,000                                   506        223
         value hedges
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash flow hedges:
    2008   Prime rate loans 100,000        -           7.250   100,000        5.926      (7.250)(2)        -        152
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total cash flow    100,000                            100,000                                     -        152
         hedges
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Not designated as hedges:
    2011                          -        -            -        9,528       (5.510)      4.600            -        228
    2012                          -        -            -      130,000       (4.600)      2.912          727          -
                           -----------                       ------------                         ------------------------
         Total             $335,260                           $481,528                               $ 1,233    $   603
                           -----------                       ------------                         ------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Floating rates are based on 30-day LIBOR, unless otherwise noted.
(2)  Floating rate based on prime.

During 2007 and 2006,  net  interest  revenue was  decreased by $6.8 million and
$9.4 million, respectively, from the settlement of amounts receivable or payable
on interest rate swaps.

<PAGE> 74

(5) Loans

Significant components of the loan portfolio are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                       December 31,
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    2007                                           2006
                              ------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
                                 Fixed      Variable     Non-                     Fixed     Variable      Non-
                                  Rate        Rate      accrual     Total         Rate        Rate      accrual     Total
                              ------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>          <C>         <C>       <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>      <C>
 Commercial                    $2,714,050   $3,980,475    $42,981  $6,737,506    $2,402,503  $3,795,644  $ 10,737  $6,208,884
 Commercial real estate           857,300    1,867,853     25,319   2,750,472       791,708   1,650,061     4,771   2,446,540
 Residential mortgage             757,130      758,894     15,272   1,531,296       675,301     570,633    10,325   1,256,259
 Residential mortgage held for sale76,677            -          -      76,677        64,625           -         -      64,625
 Consumer                         736,295      184,283        718     921,296       554,501     184,772       222     739,495
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total                         $5,141,452   $6,791,505    $84,290 $12,017,247    $4,488,638  $6,201,110   $26,055 $10,715,803
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Loans past due (90 days)                                           $   5,575                                      $   5,945
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans                              $   3,011                                      $   2,130
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Approximately   45%  of  the  commercial   and  consumer  loan   portfolios  and
approximately  71% of the residential  mortgage loan portfolio  (excluding loans
held for  sale)  are loans to  businesses  and  individuals  in  Oklahoma.  This
geographic  concentration  subjects the loan  portfolio to the general  economic
conditions within this area.

Within the commercial loan  classification,  loans to energy-related  businesses
totaled  $2.0  billion or 17% of total  loans as of  December  31,  2007.  Other
notable segments include  wholesale/retail,  $1.1 billion;  manufacturing,  $493
million;  agriculture, $237 million, which includes $189 million of loans to the
cattle industry;  and services,  $1.7 billion.  The services  category  consists
almost entirely of loans with individual balances of less than $10 million.

Approximately  31% of  commercial  real estate  loans are secured by  properties
located in  Oklahoma,  primarily  in the Tulsa and  Oklahoma  City  metropolitan
areas. An additional 29% of commercial real estate loans are secured by property
located in Texas.  The major  components  of these  properties  are  multifamily
residences,  $215  million;  construction  and land  development,  $1.0 billion;
retail facilities, $372 million; and office buildings, $395 million.

During  2004,  interest  rate  swaps with $100  million  notional  amounts  were
designated cash flow hedges of prime-based  loans and they remained  outstanding
through 2007. The objective of the hedge is to protect  against the  variability
of interest  cash flows on the first $100 million of then  existing  prime-based
loans. The Company receives  settlements based on a fixed rate of 5.93% and pays
settlements based on the U.S. prime rate. Amounts due are settled monthly. As of
December 31, 2007 and 2006, a net loss of  approximately  $152 thousand and $2.4
million, respectively,  related to these swaps was included in accumulated other
comprehensive  income and expected to be reclassified into earnings based on the
current interest rate environment. These swaps expire in February 2008.

At December 31, 2007 and 2006,  residential mortgage loans included $9.9 million
and $8.7 million,  respectively,  and consumer  loans included $515 thousand and
$1.1  million,  respectively,  of loans  with  repayment  terms  that  have been
modified from the original contracts.

Credit Commitments

Commitments  to extend  credit are  agreements  to lend to a customer as long as
there is no violation of conditions  established  in the  contract.  Commitments
generally  have fixed  expiration  dates or other  termination  clauses  and may
require payment of a fee. At December 31, 2007, outstanding  commitments totaled
$5.3 billion. Because some commitments are expected to expire before being drawn
upon, the total  commitment  amounts do not  necessarily  represent  future cash
requirements.  BOK Financial uses the same credit policies in making commitments
as it does loans.

The  amount  of  collateral  obtained,  if  deemed  necessary,   is  based  upon
management's credit evaluation of the borrower.

Standby  letters of credit are conditional  commitments  issued to guarantee the
performance of a customer to a third party.  Because the credit risk involved in
issuing  standby  letters of credit is essentially  the same as that involved in
extending  loan  commitments,  BOK  Financial  uses the same credit  policies in
evaluating the  creditworthiness  of the customer.  Additionally,  BOK Financial
uses the same evaluation  process in obtaining  collateral on standby letters of
credit as it does for loan  commitments.  The term of these  standby  letters of
credit  is  defined  in each  commitment  and  typically  corresponds  with  the
underlying loan commitment. At December 31, 2007, outstanding standby letters of
credit totaled $556 million. Commercial letters of credit are used to facilitate
customer  trade  transactions  with the drafts  being drawn when the  underlying
transaction is consummated. At December 31, 2007, outstanding commercial letters
of credit totaled $15 million.

The Company also has off-balance  sheet credit risk for  residential  loans sold
with full or partial  recourse.  These loans  consist of first lien,  fixed rate
residential  mortgage  loans  originated  under  various  community  development
programs and sold to U.S.

<PAGE> 75

government agencies.  These loans were underwritten to standards approved by the
agencies, including full documentation.  However, these loans have a higher risk
of delinquency and losses given default than  traditional  residential  mortgage
loans.  A separate  recourse  reserve is maintained for this  off-balance  sheet
credit risk. At December 31, 2007,  the principal  balance of loans sold subject
to recourse  obligations  totaled  $393  million and the reserve for credit risk
from these loans  totaled $3.5  million.  Losses  incurred  during 2007 and 2006
totaled $1.1 million and $150 thousand, respectively.

Reserve  for Credit Losses

The  activity  in the  reserve  for loan  losses is  summarized  as follows  (in
thousands):

                                 2007       2006        2005
                             ------------------------------------
  Beginning balance           $ 109,497  $ 103,876   $ 108,618
  Provision for loan losses      34,758     18,086      10,401
  Loans charged off             (31,617)   (23,996)    (25,758)
  Recoveries                     10,511     11,531       9,544
  Addition due to acquisitions    3,528          -       1,071
  ---------------------------------------------------------------
  Ending balance              $ 126,677  $ 109,497   $ 103,876
  ---------------------------------------------------------------

The activity in the reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses is summarized as
follows (in thousands):

                                 2007      2006      2005
                             --------------------------------

  Beginning balance           $  20,890  $  20,574 $  18,502
  Provision for off-balance
     sheet credit losses            (37)       316     2,040
  Additions due to acquisitions       -          -        32
  -----------------------------------------------------------
  Ending balance              $  20,853  $  20,890 $  20,574
  -----------------------------------------------------------

  Provision for credit losses $  34,721  $  18,402 $  12,441
  -----------------------------------------------------------

Impaired Loans

Investments in loans considered to be impaired under FAS 114 were as follows (in
thousands):

                                       December 31,
                             --------------------------------
                                 2007      2006      2005
                             --------------------------------

  Investment in loans impaired
     under FAS 114 (all of
     which were on a
     nonaccrual basis)         $74,085    $22,586   $19,857
  Loans with specific reserves
     for loss                   22,749      4,694     5,686
  Specific reserve balance       4,425      1,670     2,632
  No specific related reserve
     for loss                   51,336     17,892    14,171
  Average recorded investment
     in impaired loans          44,535     26,435    32,722

Interest income  recognized on impaired loans during 2007, 2006 and 2005 was not
significant.

<PAGE> 76

(6) Premises and Equipment

Premises and equipment at December 31 are summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                            December 31,
                                     ------------------------
                                          2007         2006
                                     ----------- ------------
   Land                                 $68,496     $47,278
   Buildings and improvements           201,171     149,052
   Software                              44,499      33,389
   Furniture and equipment              128,869     113,822
------------------------------------ ----------- ------------
   Subtotal                             443,035     343,541
   Less accumulated depreciation        184,249     155,500
------------------------------------ ----------- ------------
   Total                              $ 258,786   $ 188,041
------------------------------------ ----------- ------------

Depreciation expense of premises and equipment was $25.6 million,  $23.7 million
and  $24.0  million  for the  years  ended  December  31,  2007,  2006 and 2005,
respectively. During 2007, the carrying value of a branch location that is being
held for sale was written down by $1.0 million.

<PAGE> 77

(7) Intangible Assets

The following table presents the original cost and  accumulated  amortization of
intangible assets (in thousands):

                                               December 31,
                                         -----------------------
                                             2007       2006
                                         ----------- -----------
   Core deposit premiums                  $109,417    $ 90,637
   Less accumulated amortization            88,263      81,669
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
   Net core deposit premiums                21,154       8,968

   Other identifiable intangible assets     18,656      18,231
   Less accumulated amortization             6,770       6,007
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
   Net other identifiable intangible assets 11,886      12,224

   Goodwill                                388,448     290,003
   Less accumulated amortization            53,135      53,135
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
 Net goodwill                              335,313     236,868
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
 Total intangible assets, net             $368,353    $258,060
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------

Expected  amortization  expense for  intangible  assets that will continue to be
amortized (in thousands):

                      Core            Other
                     Deposit       Identifiable
                    Premiums    Intangible Assets     Total
                 -------------- ----------------- -------------
 2008              $  6,635         $   780         $  7,415
 2009                 5,606           1,138            6,744
 2010                 4,131           1,163            5,294
 2011                 2,227           1,190            3,417
 2012                   795           1,218            2,013
 Thereafter           1,760           6,397            8,157
---------------- -------------- ----------------- -------------
                    $21,154         $11,886          $33,040
---------------- -------------- ----------------- -------------

The net amortized cost of intangible  assets at December 31, 2007 is assigned to
reporting units as follows (in thousands):

        Core deposit premiums:
          Bank of Texas                    $  12,212
          Colorado State Bank and Trust        7,117
          Bank of Arizona                      1,825
       ----------------------------------- -----------
                                             $21,154
       ----------------------------------- -----------

        Other identifiable intangible assets:
          Bank of Oklahoma                    $6,341
          Colorado State Bank and Trust        4,755
          Bank of Kansas City                    790
       ----------------------------------- -----------
                                            $ 11,886
       ----------------------------------- -----------

        Goodwill:
          Bank of Oklahoma                    $8,173
          Bank of Texas                      239,918
          Bank of Albuquerque                 15,273
          Colorado State Bank and Trust       55,299
          Bank of Arizona                     16,650
        ----------------------------------- -----------
                                             $335,313
        ----------------------------------- -----------

The annual goodwill evaluation did not indicate impairment for any business unit
in 2007,  2006 or 2005.  Economic  conditions  did not indicate that  impairment
existed for any  identifiable  intangible  assets and  therefore  no  impairment
evaluation was performed.

During 2005,  the Company  acquired the naming  rights to the BOk Center,  a new
arena to be built in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and other related intangible rights. Under
an agreement with the City of Tulsa,  the Company will pay $11.0 million over 20
years.  One  or  more  installment  payments  may be  accelerated  by  paying  a
discounted amount based on the average yield of 20-year U.S. Treasury bonds. The
Company  recognized  a $6.3  million  intangible  asset and an  interest-bearing
liability from this transaction. The intangible asset will be amortized over the
life of the agreement.

<PAGE> 78

(8) Mortgage Banking Activities

BOK Financial  engages in mortgage banking  activities  through the BOk Mortgage
Division of BOk.  Residential  mortgage  loans held for sale totaled $77 million
and $65 million,  and outstanding  mortgage loan commitments totaled $53 million
and $42  million at  December  31, 2007 and 2006,  respectively.  Mortgage  loan
commitments are generally  outstanding for 60 to 90 days and are subject to both
credit and  interest  rate risk.  Credit  risk is managed  through  underwriting
policies and procedures,  including collateral requirements, which are generally
accepted by the secondary loan markets.  Exposure to interest rate  fluctuations
is partially  hedged  through  forward sales of  mortgage-backed  securities and
forward  sales  contracts.  These latter  contracts set the price for loans that
will be  delivered  in the next 60 to 90 days.  As of  December  31,  2007,  the
unrealized loss on forward sales  contracts used to hedge the mortgage  pipeline
was  approximately  $345  thousand.  Gains on  mortgage  loans  sold,  including
capitalized  mortgage  servicing  rights,  totaled $1.3  million in 2007,  $10.5
million in 2006 and $16.0 million in 2005.

At December 31, 2007, BOK Financial  owned the rights to service 58,227 mortgage
loans with  outstanding  principal  balances  of $5.5  billion,  including  $614
million  serviced  for  affiliates,  and held  related  funds of $63 million for
investors and borrowers.  The weighted  average interest rate and remaining term
was  6.18% and 280  months,  respectively.  Mortgage  loans  sold with  recourse
totaled $393  million at December 31, 2007,  and $3.7 million of loans sold with
recourse were 90 days or more  delinquent.  At December 31, 2006,  BOK Financial
owned the rights to service  55,803  mortgage loans with  outstanding  principal
balances of $5.0 billion,  including $498 million  serviced for affiliates,  and
held related  funds of $53 million for  investors  and  borrowers.  The weighted
average interest rate and remaining term was 6.14% and 277 months, respectively.
Mortgage loans sold with recourse totaled $330 million at December 31, 2006, and
$5.5  million  of loans  sold  with  recourse  were 90 days or more  delinquent.
Servicing  revenue and late  charges on loans  serviced  for  others,  which are
included in mortgage banking revenue in the Consolidated  Statements of Earnings
totaled  $17.1  million for 2007,  $16.5  million for 2006 and $16.3 million for
2005.

The  portfolio of mortgage  servicing  rights  exposes BOK Financial to interest
rate risk.  During periods of falling interest rates,  mortgage loan prepayments
increase,  reducing the value of the mortgage  servicing rights.  See Note 1 for
specific accounting policies for mortgage servicing rights.

BOK  Financial  implemented  FAS 156 in the first  quarter  of 2006.  An initial
adjustment of the mortgage  servicing rights to fair value of approximately $351
thousand,  net of income  taxes,  was  recognized  as an  increase  to  retained
earnings  in the same  period.  Also  upon  implementation  of FAS 156,  certain
securities  designated as an economic  hedge of mortgage  servicing  rights were
transferred from the available for sale classification to trading. Approximately
$32 thousand was transferred  from  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income to
retained earnings for the net of tax effect of this reclassification.

Activity  in  capitalized   mortgage  servicing  rights  and  related  valuation
allowance during 2005, 2006 and 2007 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                 Capitalized Mortgage Servicing Rights
                                                 ------------------------------------- Valuation
                                                  Purchased   Originated    Total      Allowance       Net
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>         <C>         <C>       <C>           <C>
 Balance at December 31, 2004                      $ 11,394    $ 48,056    $ 59,450  $ (13,772)    $ 45,678
   Additions, net                                         -      17,402      17,402          -       17,402
   Amortization expense                              (2,788)    (10,110)    (12,898)         -      (12,898)
   Write-off                                              -      (2,443)     (2,443)     2,443            -
   Recovery of impairment                                 -           -           -      3,915        3,915
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Balance at December 31, 2005(1)                   $  8,606    $ 52,905    $ 61,511  $  (7,414)    $ 54,097
   Adoption of FAS 156 effective January 1, 2006       (117)     (6,747)     (6,864)     7,414          550
   Additions, net                                     6,774      11,917      18,691          -       18,691
   Change in fair value due to loan runoff           (2,448)     (7,953)    (10,401)         -      (10,401)
   Change in fair value due to market changes            (2)      3,011       3,009          -        3,009
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Balance at December 31, 2006(1)                   $ 12,813    $ 53,133    $ 65,946  $       -     $ 65,946
    Additions, net                                    3,628      14,080      17,708          -       17,708
   Change in fair value due to loan runoff           (2,478)     (8,274)    (10,752)         -      (10,752)
   Change in fair value due to market changes           (57)     (2,836)     (2,893)         -       (2,893)
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Balance at December 31, 2007(1)                   $ 13,906    $ 56,103    $ 70,009  $       -     $ 70,009
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Excludes  approximately  $0.7  million,  $0.8  million and $1.0  million at
     December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, of loan servicing rights on
     mortgage loans originated prior to the adoption of FAS 122.

<PAGE> 79

Fair  value  is  determined  by  discounting   the  projected  net  cash  flows.
Significant assumptions are:

     Discount rate - Indexed to a risk-free rate  commensurate  with the average
life of the  servicing  portfolio  plus a market  premium.  The discount rate at
December 31, 2007 was 10.02%.

     Prepayment rate - Annual  prepayment  estimates  ranging from 6.8% to 15.2%
based upon loan interest rate, original term and loan type.

     Loan servicing costs - $43 to $70 annually per loan based upon loan type.

     Escrow  earnings  rate - Indexed to rates paid on deposit  accounts  with a
comparable  average  life.  The escrow  earnings  rate at December  31, 2007 was
5.01%.


The  effect of a 50 basis  point  decrease  in  mortgage  interest  rates on all
significant  assumptions  is  expected  to  decrease  the fair value of mortgage
servicing rights by $5.3 million.

Stratification of the mortgage loan-servicing  portfolio,  outstanding principal
of loans serviced,  and related hedging information by interest rate at December
31, 2007 follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                           < 5.51%    5.51% - 6.50%   6.51% - 7.50%   = > 7.51%           Total
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>
 Fair value                              $   13,920     $   37,709      $    15,070     $   3,310     $   70,009
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Outstanding principal of loans
    serviced(1)                          $  978,700     $2,589,600      $ 1,053,300     $ 204,400     $4,826,000
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Excludes  outstanding  principal  of $614  million for loans  serviced  for
     affiliates  and $42  million  of  mortgage  loans  for  which  there are no
     capitalized mortgage servicing rights.

(9) Deposits

Interest expense on deposits is summarized as follows (in thousands):

                             2007       2006        2005
                          -----------------------------------
 Transaction deposits      $ 194,617  $ 148,986  $  72,721
 Savings                       1,499      1,408      1,106
 Time:
    Certificates of
      deposits under $100,000 88,465     69,844     50,129
    Certificates of
      deposits $100,000
      and over               110,791    100,916     73,248
    Other time deposits       17,374     15,754     13,196
 ------------------------------------------------------------
      Total time             216,630    186,514    136,573
 ------------------------------------------------------------
      Total                 $412,746   $336,908   $210,400
 ------------------------------------------------------------

The aggregate  amounts of time deposits in  denominations of $100,000 or more at
December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $2.4 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively.

Time  deposit  maturities  are as  follows:  2008 -  $3.2  billion,  2009 - $339
million,  2010 - $252 million,  2011 - $261 million, 2012 - $272 million and $48
million thereafter.

At December  31,  2007,  the Company  had $530  million in fixed rate,  brokered
certificates  of  deposits.  The  weighted-average  interest  rate paid on these
certificates  is 4.50%.  Interest  rate  swaps  with  notional  amounts  of $372
million,  which  may have  been  designated  as fair  value  hedges  of  certain
certificates, modify the certificates from fixed rate to floating rates based on
changes in LIBOR.  We receive a  weighted  average  fixed rate of 4.31% on these
swaps and currently pay a floating rate of 4.88%.

Interest  expense on time  deposits  during 2007 and 2006 was reduced by the net
accrued  settlement  from  interest rate swaps of $2.6 million and $4.8 million,
respectively.

The  aggregate  amount  of  overdrawn   transaction   deposits  that  have  been
reclassified  as loan  balances  was $91  million at  December  31, 2007 and $86
million at December 31, 2006.

<PAGE> 80

(10) Other Borrowings

Information  relating to other  borrowings is summarized as follows  (dollars in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                     December 31
                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         2007                              2006                          2005
                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   Maximum                         Maximum                       Maximum
                                                Outstanding                     Outstanding                   Outstanding
                                                  At Any                          At Any                        At Any
                             Balance     Rate    Month End     Balance     Rate  Month End   Balance    Rate   Month End
                           ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parent Company:
<S>                           <C>        <C>    <C>           <C>          <C>        <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>
   Revolving, unsecured line  $ 50,000   5.42%  $   50,000    $      -       - %  $       -  $      -      - %    $ 95,000
  Subsidiary Banks:
   Funds purchased and
     repurchase agreements   3,225,131   4.30    3,225,131   2,348,516    5.52    2,688,175 1,337,911   4.53     2,291,509
   Federal Home Loan Bank
     advances                  938,168   4.65      938,168     566,017    5.36      841,159 1,020,871   4.26     1,031,821
   Subordinated debentures     398,273   5.91      548,187     297,800    6.91      300,230   295,964   6.30       297,980
   Other                        39,396   4.10       43,985      27,714    4.00       36,534    33,427   3.13       33,427
                           -------------                    -------------                 -------------
     Total subsidiary banks  4,600,968   4.52                3,240,047    5.63              2,688,173   4.61
                           -------------                    -------------                 -------------
  Total other borrowings    $4,650,968   4.53               $3,240,047    5.63             $2,688,173   4.61
                           -------------                    -------------                 -------------
</TABLE>

Aggregate annual principal repayments of long-term debt at December 31, 2007 are
as follows (in thousands):

                               Parent     Subsidiary
                              Company        Banks
                            ---------------------------
    2008                      $       -    $4,172,264
    2009                              -         8,049
    2010                         50,000           475
    2011                              -         2,674
    2012                              -         1,436
    Thereafter                        -       416,070
                            ---------------------------
    Total                     $  50,000    $4,600,968
                            ---------------------------

Funds purchased  generally mature within one to ninety days from the transaction
date.  At December 31, 2007,  securities  sold under  agreements  to  repurchase
totaled $1.4 billion with related accrued interest payable of $835 thousand.

Additional information relating to repurchase agreements at December 31, 2007 is
as follows (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                   Amortized        Market        Repurchase      Average
 Security Sold/Maturity                              Cost           Value        Liability(1)        Rate
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 U.S. Agency Securities:
<S>                                                <C>           <C>              <C>               <C>
    Overnight(1)                                   $1,132,839    $ 1,117,400      $1,090,104        3.45%
    Long-term                                         329,564        327,539         306,193        4.98
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total Agency Securities                      $1,462,403    $ 1,444,939      $1,396,297        3.79%
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  BOK Financial  maintains control over the securities  underlying  overnight
     repurchase  agreements  and  generally  transfers  control over  securities
     underlying  longer-term  dealer  repurchase  agreements  to the  respective
     counterparty.

Borrowings  from the Federal  Home Loan Bank are used for funding  purposes.  In
accordance  with  policies  of the Federal  Home Loan Bank,  BOK  Financial  has
granted a  blanket  pledge  of  eligible  assets  (generally  unencumbered  U.S.
Treasury and mortgage-backed securities, 1-4 family loans and multifamily loans)
as collateral for these advances.  The Federal Home Loan Bank has issued letters
of credit  totaling  $414  million  to secure  BOK  Financial's  obligations  to
depositors  of public  funds.  The unused  credit  available to BOK Financial at
December 31, 2007 pursuant to the Federal Home Loan Bank's  collateral  policies
is $582 million.

BOK Financial has a $100 million unsecured revolving line of credit with certain
commercial  banks  that  expires  in  December  2010.  There was an  outstanding
principal  balance of $50 million on this credit agreement at December 31, 2007.
Interest  is based  upon a base  rate or LIBOR  plus a  defined  margin  that is
determined by the  Company's  credit  rating.  This margin ranges from 0.375% to
1.125%.  The margin  currently  applicable  to  borrowings  against this line is
0.375%.  The base rate is defined as the greater of the daily federal funds rate
plus 0.500% or the SunTrust Bank prime rate. Interest is generally paid monthly.
Facility  fees are paid  quarterly on the unused  portion of the  commitment  at
rates that range from 0.100% to 0.250%  based on the  Company's  credit  rating.
This credit  agreement  includes  certain  restrictive  covenants that limit the
Company's  ability to borrow  additional  funds, to make  investments and to pay
cash dividends on common stock without prior approval. These covenants also

<PAGE> 81

require BOK Financial and subsidiary  banks to maintain  minimum capital levels.
BOK Financial met all of the restrictive covenants at December 31, 2007.

In 2007, Bank of Oklahoma  issued $250 million of subordinated  debt due May 15,
2017.  Interest on this debt is based upon a fixed rate of 5.75% through May 14,
2012 and on a floating  rate of  three-month  LIBOR plus 0.69%  thereafter.  The
proceeds of this debt were used to fund the Worth National Bank and First United
Bank acquisitions and to fund continued asset growth.

In 2005, BOk issued $150 million of 10-year,  fixed rate subordinated  debt. The
cost of this subordinated  debt,  including issuance discounts and hedge loss is
5.56%.  The  proceeds  of this  debt  were  used to  repay  $95  million  of BOK
Financial's unsecured revolving line of credit and to provide additional capital
to support asset growth.  During 2006, a $150 million  notional  amount interest
rate swap was designated as a hedge of changes in fair value of the subordinated
debt due to changes in  interest  rates.  The  Company  received a fixed rate of
5.257% and paid a variable rate based on 1-month LIBOR.  This fair value hedging
relationship was discontinued and the interest rate swap was terminated in April
2007.

(11) Federal and State Income Taxes

Deferred  income  taxes  reflect  the net tax effects of  temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands):

                                           December 31,
                                       ----------------------
                                          2007       2006
                                       ----------------------
 Deferred tax liabilities:
    Pension contributions in excess
      of book expense                    $ 4,900    $ 2,000
    Valuation adjustments                 30,600     28,900
    Mortgage servicing rights             25,900     23,500
    Lease financing                       16,600     14,000
    Other                                  3,700      3,500
 ------------------------------------------------------------
      Total deferred tax liabilities      81,700     71,900
 ------------------------------------------------------------

 Deferred tax assets:
    Available for sale securities
      mark-to-market                      14,600     37,600
    Stock-based compensation               5,700      5,500
    Credit loss reserves                  56,000     49,900
    Valuation adjustments                  9,400      5,900
    Deferred book income                  26,000     27,100
    Deferred compensation                 10,000      9,100
    Other                                 12,500     14,100
 ------------------------------------------------------------
      Total deferred tax assets          134,200    149,200
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Deferred tax assets in excess of
   deferred tax liabilities              $52,500    $77,300
 ------------------------------------------------------------

The  significant  components of the provision for income taxes  attributable  to
continuing operations for BOK Financial are shown below (in thousands):

                              Years ended December 31,
                         -----------------------------------
                             2007       2006       2005
                         -----------------------------------
 Current:
    Federal               $ 119,025   $ 113,554  $ 105,403
    State                    10,179       8,518      7,341
 -----------------------------------------------------------
    Total current           129,204     122,072    112,744
 -----------------------------------------------------------

 Deferred:
    Federal                 (12,935)     (7,001)       415
    State                      (508)       (446)        76
 -----------------------------------------------------------
    Total deferred          (13,443)     (7,447)       491
 -----------------------------------------------------------
      Total income tax    $ 115,761   $ 114,625  $ 113,235
 -----------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE> 82

The reconciliations of income attributable to continuing  operations computed at
the U.S.  federal  statutory  tax rates to income tax expense are as follows (in
thousands):

                                 Years ended December 31,
                              -------------------------------
                                 2007      2006      2005
                              -------------------------------
 Amount:
    Federal statutory tax       $116,698  $114,660  $110,158
    Tax exempt revenue            (4,204)   (3,529)   (2,592)
    Effect of state income taxes,
      net of federal benefit       5,783     4,805     4,729
    Intangible amortization            -        82       216
    Utilization of tax credits    (1,218)   (1,040)     (929)
    Bank-owned life insurance     (3,411)     (830)        -
    Reduction of tax accrual           -    (2,200)        -
    Other, net                     2,113     2,677     1,653
 ------------------------------------------------------------
      Total                     $115,761  $114,625  $113,235
 ------------------------------------------------------------

Due to the  favorable  resolution of certain state tax issues for the tax period
ended December 31, 2002, BOK Financial  reduced its tax accrual by $2.2 million,
which was credited against current income tax expense in 2006.

                                  Years ended December 31,
                               -------------------------------
                                  2007      2006      2005
                               -------------------------------
 Percent of pretax income:
    Federal statutory rate         35%       35%       35%
    Tax-exempt revenue             (1)       (1)       (1)
    Effect of state income taxes,
      net of federal benefit        1         1         1
    Bank-owned life insurance      (1)        -         -
    Reduction of tax accrual        -        (1)        -
    Other, net                      1         1         1
 -------------------------------------------------------------
      Total                        35%       35%       36%
 -------------------------------------------------------------

BOK Financial adopted the provisions of FASB  Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting
for  Uncertainty  in Income  Taxes,"  on  January  1,  2007.  As a result of the
implementation  of  Interpretation  No.  48,  BOK  Financial  recognized  a $609
thousand  increase in the liability  for  unrecognized  tax benefits,  which was
accounted  for as a  reduction  to the  January  1,  2007  balance  of  retained
earnings.

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
is as follows (in thousands):

                                        2007
                                     -----------
 Balance as of January 1, 2007 -
    before implementation            $ 12,030
    Addition for implementation           609
 -----------------------------------------------
 Balance as of January 1, 2007 -
    after implementation               12,639
    Additions for tax for current year
      positions                         4,100
    Lapses of applicable statute of
      limitations                      (3,539)
 -----------------------------------------------
  Balance as of December 31, 2007    $ 13,200
 -----------------------------------------------

Any of the above  unrecognized  tax benefits,  if  recognized,  would affect the
effective tax rate.

BOK Financial  recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2007 and
2006,  the  Company  recognized  $1 million  during  each year in  interest  and
penalties.  The Company had approximately  $2.3 million and $2.1 million for the
payment of interest  and  penalties  accrued as of  December  31, 2007 and 2006,
respectively.  Federal statutes remain open for federal tax returns filed in the
previous three reporting periods.  Various state income tax statutes remain open
for the previous three to six reporting periods. One of our acquired entities is
currently under  examination by the Internal  Revenue Service (IRS) for the year
ending December 31, 2005. The ultimate resolution is unlikely to have a material
impact on the financial statements.

<PAGE> 83

(12) Employee Benefits

BOK  Financial  sponsors a defined  benefit  cash  balance  Pension Plan for all
employees who satisfy certain age and service requirements.  The following table
presents information regarding this plan (dollars in thousands):

                                                              December 31,
                                                        -----------------------
                                                            2007        2006
                                                        -----------------------
 Change in projected benefit obligation:
    Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year    $ 58,220   $ 57,657
    Service cost                                                -      1,981
    Interest cost                                           2,823      3,096
    Actuarial (gain) loss                                  (6,474)       871
    Benefits paid                                          (8,386)    (5,385)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year(1,2)        $ 46,183   $ 58,220
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Change in plan assets:
    Plan assets at fair value at beginning of year       $ 63,038   $ 58,989
    Actual return on plan assets                            3,437      6,612
    Company contributions                                       -      2,822
    Benefits paid                                          (8,386)    (5,385)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Plan assets at fair value at end of year                $ 58,089   $ 63,038
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Funded status of the plan / prepaid pension costs        $11,906    $ 4,818
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Components of net periodic benefit costs:
    Service cost                                         $      -   $  1,981
    Interest cost                                           2,823      3,096
    Expected return on plan assets                         (4,165)    (4,785)
    Amortization of unrecognized net loss                     958      1,425
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net periodic pension cost                               $   (384)  $  1,717
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  Projected benefit obligation equals accumulated benefit obligation.
(2)  Projected benefit obligation is based on a January 1 measurement date.


 Weighted-average assumptions as of December 31:
    Discount rate                                   6.00%       5.50%
    Expected return on plan assets                  7.00%       8.00%
    Rate of compensation increase                   N/A         5.25%

As of December 31, 2007, expected future benefit payments related to the Pension
Plan were as follows (in thousands):

             2008                               $ 3,128
             2009                                 3,549
             2010                                 3,508
             2011                                 4,100
             2012                                 3,933
             2013 through 2017                   18,065
                                              -------------
                                                $36,283
                                              -------------

Assets  of the  Pension  Plan  consist  primarily  of  shares  in  the  American
Performance  Balanced Fund.  The stated  objective of this fund is to provide an
attractive total return through a broadly diversified mix of equities and bonds.
The typical  portfolio mix is approximately  60% equities and 40% bonds. The net
asset  value of shares in the  American  Performance  Balanced  Fund is reported
daily based on market quotations for the Fund's securities. If market quotations
are not readily  available,  the  securities'  fair values are determined by the
Fund's pricing  committee.  The  inception-to-date  return on the fund, which is
used as an indicator when setting the expected return on plan assets, was 8.51%.
The maximum allowed and minimum  required  Pension Plan  contributions  for 2007
were $10.1 million and $0, respectively. Amounts contributed to the Pension Plan
during 2006 included $2.8 million  attributable to 2005. No  contributions  were
made for 2007 or 2006.

Pension Plan benefits were curtailed as of April 1, 2006. No participants may be
added to the plan and no additional  service benefits will be accrued.  Interest
will continue to accrue on  employees'  account  balances at 5.25%.  A charge of
$384 thousand was recognized in 2005 for the curtailment of the Pension Plan.

FAS 158 was issued during 2006 and, for the Company,  was effective December 31,
2006. Among other things, FAS 158 required that financial  statements  recognize
the funded status of the benefit plans. For a pension plan, the funded status is
the difference  between the fair value of plan assets and the projected  benefit
obligation  measured as of the fiscal year-end date. The Company was required to
reduce its prepaid  pension  asset to the net funded  status of the pension plan
and charge $18.6  million,  less deferred  income taxes,  against  shareholders'
equity for the  adoption  of FAS 158.  FAS 158 had no effect on pension  expense
recognition.  The  Company  will  continue to have a funding  obligation  to the
pension plan and will continue to recognize  pension expense based on plan asset
performance, discount rates and other factors.

<PAGE> 84

In 2006,  the  Company  enhanced  benefits  offered  through  its Thrift  Plans.
Employee  contributions  to the Thrift Plans eligible for Company matching equal
6% of base compensation,  as defined in the plans. The Company-provided matching
contribution  rates  range from 50% for  employees  with less than four years of
service to 200% for employees with 15 or more years of service.  Additionally, a
maximum  Company-provided,  non-elective annual contribution of $750 is made for
employees whose annual base compensation is less than $40,000.

Participants  may direct  investments in their accounts to a variety of options,
including a BOK Financial common stock fund. Employer  contributions,  which are
invested in accordance with the participant's investment options, vest over five
years.  Thrift Plans expenses were $11.6 million,  $9.1 million and $4.6 million
for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

BOK Financial also sponsors a defined benefit  post-retirement  employee medical
plan,  which pays 50 percent of annual medical  insurance  premiums for retirees
who meet  certain age and service  requirements.  Assets of the retiree  medical
plan consist primarily of shares in a cash management fund. The  post-retirement
medical plan is limited to current  retirees and certain  employees who were age
60 or  older  at the time the  plan  was  frozen  in  1993.  The net  obligation
recognized  under the plan was $2.1 million at December 31, 2007. A 1% change in
medical expense trends would not significantly affect the net obligation or cost
of this plan.

BOK Financial offers numerous incentive compensation plans that are aligned with
the Company's  growth  strategy.  Compensation  awarded under these plans may be
based  on  defined  formulas,   other  performance  criteria  or  discretionary.
Incentive  compensation is designed to motivate and reinforce sales and customer
service  behavior in all markets.  Earnings  were charged $71.4 million in 2007,
$65.2  million  in 2006 and $49.8  million  in 2005 for  incentive  compensation
plans.

<PAGE> 85

(13) Stock Compensation Plans

The  shareholders  and Board of Directors of BOK Financial have approved various
stock-based  compensation  plans. An independent  compensation  committee of the
Board of  Directors  determines  the  number  of  awards  granted  to the  Chief
Executive Officer and other senior executives.  Stock-based compensation granted
to other  officers  and  employees is approved by the  independent  compensation
committee  upon  recommendation  of the  Chairman  of the  Board  and the  Chief
Executive Officer.

These  awards  consist  primarily  of stock  options that are subject to vesting
requirements.  Generally,  one-seventh of the options  awarded vest annually and
expire three years after vesting.  Additionally,  stock options that vest in two
years and expire 45 days after vesting have been awarded.  Non-vested shares may
be granted to the Chief  Executive  Officer and other senior  executives  of the
Company. These shares vest five years after the grant date. The holders of these
shares  may be  required  to retain the shares  for a  three-year  period  after
vesting.

The Chief  Executive  Officer  and other  senior  executives  participate  in an
Executive  Incentive  Plan.  The number of  options  and  non-vested  shares may
increase or decrease based upon the Company's  growth in earnings per share over
a three-year  period  compared to the median  growth in earnings per share for a
designated peer group of financial institutions and other individual performance
factors.

The following  table presents  options  outstanding  during 2005,  2006 and 2007
under these plans:

                                                 Weighted
                                                 Average
                                                 Exercise
                                     Number       Price
                                   --------------------------
 Options outstanding at
    December 31, 2004               3,338,048      $28.53
 Options awarded                      900,126       47.02
 Options exercised                   (668,990)      24.10
 Options forfeited                    (79,856)      33.67
 Options expired                         (616)      30.11
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Options outstanding at
    December 31, 2005               3,488,712      $34.03
 Options awarded                      900,119       48.30
 Options exercised                   (790,981)      29.50
 Options forfeited                   (100,149)      36.65
 Options expired                       (1,076)      37.35
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Options outstanding at
    December 31, 2006               3,496,625      $38.63
 Options awarded                      956,475       54.18
 Options exercised                   (703,833)      32.41
 Options forfeited                   (429,848)      43.74
 Options expired                       (1,249)      45.80
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Options outstanding at
    December 31, 2007               3,318,170      $43.50
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Options vested at
    December 31, 2007                 743,712      $31.33
 ------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE> 86

The following table summarizes information concerning currently outstanding and
vested stock options:

              Options Outstanding               Options Vested
  ---------------------------------------------------------------

                            Weighted  Weighted
                            Average    Average           Weighted
    Range of               Remaining   Exercise          Average
    Exercise      Number   Contractual  Price     Number Exercise
     Prices     Outstanding Life(years)           Vested  Price

      $16.17          683      0.25   $16.17        683  $16.17
   17.37 - 19.02  234,097      1.67    17.89    234,097   17.89
   28.27 - 30.87  464,489      2.78    29.82    210,770   29.33
       37.74      423,390      3.50    37.74    119,467   37.74
   45.15 - 47.34  547,583      4.00    47.32     67,934   47.28
   44.00 - 47.99   70,232      0.12    46.90     70,232   46.90
   47.05 - 48.53  570,828      5.00    47.06     40,529   47.08
   50.61 - 54.00  177,114      1.00    52.52        -      -
       54.33      653,888      6.00    54.33        -      -
   52.54 - 54.28  175,866      2.00    53.57        -      -
  ---------------------------------------------------------------


Compensation expense for stock options is generally recognized based on the fair
value of options  granted over the options'  vesting  period.  The fair value of
options  was  determined  as of the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  option
pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:

                                  2007       2006        2005
                                ---------- ---------- -----------

Average risk-free interest rate  4.68%      4.42%      3.69%
Dividend yield                   1.10%      0.90%      0.90%
Volatility factors                .143       .161       .168
Weighted average expected life  4.9 years  4.9 years  4.9 years
Weighted average fair value       $9.91      $9.56     $10.01

Compensation   cost  of  stock  options   granted  that  may  be  recognized  as
compensation expense in future years totaled $11.3 million at December 31, 2007.
Subject to  adjustments  for  forfeitures,  we expect to recognize  compensation
expense for current outstanding options of $4.8 million in 2008, $3.2 million in
2009,  $1.7 million in 2010,  $995  thousand in 2011,  $497 thousand in 2012 and
$180 thousand thereafter.  Stock option expense for the years ended December 31,
2007,  2006  and  2005  was  $6.3  million,   $6.4  million  and  $5.5  million,
respectively.  The intrinsic value of options  exercised  during the years ended
December  31, 2007,  2006 and 2005 was $14.9  million,  $16.6  million and $14.9
million,  respectively.  The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as
of December 31, 2007 and 2006 was $27.2 million and $57.2 million, respectively.
The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable as of December 31, 2007 and
2006 was $15.1 million and $21.2 million, respectively.

BOK Financial also issues non-vested common shares under the various stock-based
compensation  plans. At December 31, 2007, a total of 116,463  non-vested common
shares have been awarded, including 31,462 awarded in 2007. The weighted average
grant date fair value of non-vested shares awarded in 2007 was $54.28 per share.
Unrecognized  compensation  cost of  non-vested  shares  totaled $2.2 million at
December 31, 2007. Subject to adjustment for forfeitures, we expect to recognize
compensation  expense of $754  thousand in 2008,  $630  thousand  in 2009,  $499
thousand in 2010 and $290 thousand thereafter.

BOK Financial permits certain executive officers to defer recognition of taxable
income from their stock-based  compensation.  Deferred  compensation may also be
diversified into investments other than BOK Financial common stock.

Stock-based  compensation  subject to these  deferral  plans is  recognized as a
liability award rather than as an equity award. Compensation expense is based on
the fair value of the award recognized over the vesting period.  At December 31,
2007,  the  recorded   obligation   for  liability   awards  was  $5.4  million.
Compensation  expense  for  liability  awards was $506  thousand  in 2007,  $4.7
million  in 2006,  and a credit  of $632  thousand  in 2005.  Reduction  in 2007
expense  resulted  from a  decrease  in the fair value of BOK  Financial  common
stock.  Reduction  in 2005  expense  resulted  from the  termination  of  future
deferral  rights  for all  executive  officers  except the  President  and Chief
Executive Officer and a decrease in the period end market value of BOK Financial
common stock.

<PAGE>87

During   January  2008,   BOK  Financial   awarded  the  following   stock-based
compensation:

                             ---------- --------- ------------
                                        Exercise  Fair Value /
                              Number     Price        Award
                             ---------- --------- ------------
  Equity awards:
    Stock options             859,679     $48.46  $  7.54
    Nonvested stock            48,853         -     48.46
                             ----------
    Total equity awards       908,532
                             ----------
  Total stock-based awards    908,532
  -------------------------- ---------- --------- ------------

The  aggregate  compensation  cost of these awards  totaled  approximately  $9.0
million.  This cost will be  recognized  over the  vesting  periods,  subject to
adjustments for  forfeitures.  None of the stock-based  compensation  awarded in
January 2008 represents liability awards.

(14) Related Parties

In  compliance  with  applicable  regulations,  the Company may extend credit to
certain  executive  officers,   directors,   principal  shareholders  and  their
affiliates  (collectively  referred to as  "related  parties")  in the  ordinary
course of business under substantially the same terms as comparable  third-party
lending arrangements. The Company's loans to related parties do not involve more
than the normal  credit risk and there are no  non-accrual  or impaired  related
party loans outstanding at December 31, 2007 or 2006.

Activity in loans to related parties is summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                     2007         2006

                                  ------------ ------------
  Beginning balance                $160,901     $130,364
     Advances                       700,742      562,994
     Payments                      (700,488)    (560,009)
     Adjustments(1)                  90,896       27,552
  ------------------------------- ------------ ------------
  Ending balance                   $252,051     $160,901
  ------------------------------- ------------ ------------

(1)  Adjustments generally consist of changes in status as a related party.

Certain  related  parties are  customers of the Company for services  other than
loans,  including consumer banking,  corporate banking, risk management,  wealth
management,  brokerage and trading,  or  fiduciary/trust  services.  The Company
engages in transactions  with related parties in the ordinary course of business
in compliance with applicable regulations.

At December 31,  2007,  derivative  contracts  carried as assets  included  $130
million from SemGroup, LP. Mr. Thomas S. Kivisto, President and CEO of SemGroup,
LP, is a member of BOK Financial's board of directors. Our exposure to SemGroup,
LP consists primarily of option contracts to sell oil and natural gas in varying
monthly quantities over the next seven months. The pricing, collateral and other
terms  of these  contracts  are  consistent  with  terms  we offer to  similarly
risk-graded customers.

During 2007,  the Company  invested $7.0 million,  pursuant to merchant  banking
regulations applicable to bank holding companies, in an entity controlled by Mr.
George Kaiser,  BOK Financial's  principal  shareholder.  The Company also rents
office space in facilities owned by affiliates of Mr. Kaiser. Lease payments for
2007 totaled $801 thousand.

AXIA Investment Management,  Inc. ("AXIA"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of BOk, is
the administrator to and investment  advisor for the American  Performance Funds
("AP  Funds").  AP  Funds  is  a  diversified,   open-ended  investment  company
established in 1987 as a business trust under the Investment Company Act of 1940
(the "1940 Act"). AP Funds' products are offered to customers,  employee benefit
plans,  trusts  and the  general  public in the  ordinary  course  of  business.
Approximately  98% of AP  Funds'  assets  of  $3.9  billion  are  held  for  BOK
Financial's clients.

<PAGE> 88

(15) Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

In September 2006, BISYS settled the SEC's two-year  investigation of BISYS Fund
Services Ohio, Inc. ("BISYS") marketing assistance  agreements with 27 different
families of mutual  funds,  including a BISYS  marketing  arrangement  with AXIA
which had been terminated in July 2004. In the SEC  settlement,  BISYS consented
to an order in which the SEC  determined  that  BISYS had  "willfully  aided and
abetted and caused" the 27 investment  advisors to (i) violate provisions of the
Investment Advisors Act of 1940 that prohibit  fraudulent conduct;  (ii) violate
provisions of the 1940 Act that prohibit the making of any untrue statement of a
material fact in a registration statement filed by the mutual fund with the SEC,
and (iii)  violate  provisions of the 1940 Act that require the  disclosure  and
inclusion of all distribution  arrangements and expenses in the fund's 12b-1 fee
plan ("the SEC BYSIS  Order").  AXIA is one of the 27 advisors  and the AP Funds
one of the mutual fund families to which the SEC referred.  AXIA is not bound by
the SEC BISYS Order and  disagrees  with its findings as they relate to AXIA. On
October 10,  2006,  the  Examinations  Division of the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission  (the "SEC")  conducted an examination of AXIA. The  examination  was
concluded in July 2007 with no action  taken by the  Examinations  Division.  In
August  2007,   AXIA  settled  all  claims   relating  to  the  BISYS  marketing
arrangements with the AP Funds for $2.2 million.  The AP Funds settlement is not
binding on the SEC which is continuing to investigate the matter.

At December 31, 2007, AP Funds' assets  included $1.6 billion of U.S.  Treasury,
$1.8 billion of cash management and $399 million of tax-free money market funds.
Assets of these funds consist of  highly-rated,  short-term  obligations  of the
U.S.  Treasury,  corporate issuers and U.S. states and  municipalities.  The net
asset  value of units in  these  funds  was  $1.00  at  December  31,  2007.  An
investment  in these  funds is not  insured  by the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance
Corporation  or  guaranteed  by BOK  Financial or any of its  subsidiaries.  BOK
Financial  may,  but is not  obligated  to  purchase  assets from these funds to
maintain the net asset value at $1.00.

In the ordinary  course of business,  BOK  Financial  and its  subsidiaries  are
subject to legal actions and  complaints.  Management  believes,  based upon the
opinion of counsel,  that the actions and liability or loss,  if any,  resulting
from  the  final  outcomes  of  the  proceedings  will  not be  material  in the
aggregate.

BOk is  obligated  under a  long-term  lease for its bank  premises  located  in
downtown Tulsa. The lease term, which began November 1, 1976, is for fifty-seven
years  with  options to  terminate  in 2014 and 2024.  Annual  base rent is $3.2
million.  BOk subleases  portions of its space for annual rents of $213 thousand
in years 2008 through 2009 and $195  thousand in 2010.  Net rent expense on this
lease was $3.0  million in 2007 and 2006 and $2.9  million  in 2005.  Total rent
expense for BOK Financial was $18.8 million in 2007,  $16.5 million in 2006, and
$15.3 million in 2005.

At December 31, 2007,  future  minimum lease payments for equipment and premises
under operating leases were as follows:  $16.4 million in 2008, $15.4 million in
2009,  $14.6 million in 2010, $11.8 million in 2011, $8.6 million in 2012, and a
total of $97.4 million thereafter.  Premises leases may include options to renew
at then current market rates and may include  escalation  provisions  based upon
changes in the consumer price index or similar benchmarks.

The Federal  Reserve  Bank  requires  member banks to maintain  certain  minimum
average cash balances.  These balances were  approximately $315 million and $299
million at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

BOSC, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of BOK Financial, is an introducing broker
to Pershing,  LLC for retail  equity  investment  transactions.  As such, it has
indemnified Pershing, LLC against losses due to a customer's failure to settle a
transaction  or to repay a margin loan.  All unsettled  transactions  and margin
loans are secured as required by applicable  regulation.  The amount of customer
balances subject to indemnification totaled $537 thousand at December 31, 2007.

At December 31, 2007,  the Company has funded $30.4 million and has  commitments
to  fund  an  additional   $30.7  million  in  various   unrelated   alternative
investments.  Alternative  investments  generally consist of limited partnership
interests in or loans to entities  that invest in  distressed  real estate loans
and properties,  energy development,  venture capital and other activities.  The
Company is  prohibited  by banking  regulations  from  controlling  or  actively
managing the activities of these investments.

BOKF Equity, LLC, indirectly a wholly-owned  subsidiary of BOK Financial, is the
general  partner in two private  equity funds ("the  Funds").  The Funds provide
alternative  investment  opportunities to certain  customers,  some of which are
related  parties,  through limited  partnerships.  The Funds generally invest in
distressed  assets,  asset buy-out or venture  capital  limited  partnerships or
limited  liability  companies.  The general  partner has contingent  obligations
through the Funds to make  additional  investments  totaling $27.6 million as of
December 31, 2007.  Substantially all of those contingent obligations are offset
by commitments of BOK Financial customers.

During the third  quarter of 2007,  Bank of Oklahoma  agreed to guarantee  rents
totaling $28.4 million over 10 years to the City of Tulsa ("City") as owner of a
building immediately adjacent to the Bank's main office. These rents are due for
space  currently  rented by third-party  tenants in the building.  In return for
this  guarantee,  Bank of Oklahoma will receive 80% of net rent as defined in an
agreement  with the City over the next 10 years from  currently  vacant space in
the same building. The maximum

<PAGE> 89

amount that Bank of Oklahoma may receive  under this  agreement is $4.5 million.
The fair value of this  agreement at inception is zero and no asset or liability
is currently recognized in the Company's financial statements.

On November  7, 2007,  Visa  announced  that it had  reached a  settlement  with
American Express related to an antitrust  lawsuit.  In a subsequent  filing with
the Securities and Exchange Commission,  Visa disclosed that it had recognized a
contingent liability for a similar lawsuit filed by Discover. In addition,  Visa
is a party to other  litigation  matters.  As a member of Visa, BOK Financial is
obligated for a proportionate  share of losses incurred by Visa. The Company has
accrued  $2.8  million  to  recognize  its share of the  contingent  liabilities
related to the  American  Express and Discover  litigation  and has accrued $300
thousand to recognize its guaranty obligation for other litigation. Visa intends
that payments  related to these  litigation  matters will be funded by an escrow
account to be established with a portion of the proceeds from its initial public
offering,  which is  currently  planned for 2008.  The Company  expects that its
proportionate  share of the  proceeds of Visa's  initial  public  offering  will
exceed  its  contingent  obligations  related  to  Visa's  litigation  based  on
information available at this time.

(16) Shareholders' Equity

Preferred Stock

One billion shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.00005 per share are
authorized.  The  Series A  Preferred  Stock  has no  voting  rights  except  as
otherwise provided by Oklahoma corporate law and may be converted into one share
of Common Stock for each 36 shares of Series A Preferred  Stock at the option of
the holder.  Dividends  are  cumulative  at an annual rate of ten percent of the
$0.06 per share  liquidation  preference  value when declared and are payable in
cash. Aggregate liquidation preference is $15 million. During the second quarter
of 2005,  holders of the Company's  convertible  preferred stock exercised their
conversion  rights.  All of the  Series A  Preferred  Stock was  converted  into
6,920,666  common shares.  In 2004,  cash dividends  declared on preferred stock
totaled $1.9 million.  George B. Kaiser,  the  Company's  Chairman and principal
shareholder, owned substantially all Series A Preferred Stock.

Common Stock

Common  stock  consists of 2.5  billion  authorized  shares with a $0.00006  par
value.  Holders  of  common  shares  are  entitled  to one vote per share at the
election  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  on  any  question  arising  at any
shareholders'   meeting  and  to  receive   dividends   when  and  as  declared.
Additionally,  regulations  restrict  the  ability  of  national  banks and bank
holding  companies  to pay  dividends,  and  BOK  Financial's  credit  agreement
restricts the payment of dividends by the holding company.

Cash  dividends  paid on common stock  totaled $50 million,  $37 million and $20
million in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. During the second quarter of 2005,
the Board of Directors  approved the Company's  first quarterly cash dividend of
$0.10 per common share. The quarterly cash dividend replaced the annual dividend
historically paid in shares of common stock.

Subsidiary Banks

The amounts of dividends that BOK Financial's  subsidiary  banks can declare and
the amounts of loans the  subsidiary  banks can extend to affiliates are limited
by various  federal  banking  regulations  and state  corporate law.  Generally,
dividends  declared  during a  calendar  year are  limited  to net  profits,  as
defined,  for the year plus retained  profits for the  preceding two years.  The
amounts of dividends  are further  restricted by minimum  capital  requirements.
Pursuant to the most  restrictive  of the  regulations at December 31, 2007, BOK
Financial's  subsidiary banks could declare  dividends up to $93 million without
prior regulatory  approval.  Management has developed and the Board of Directors
has  approved  an internal  capital  policy  that is more  restrictive  than the
regulatory  capital  standards.  As of December 31, 2007, the  subsidiary  banks
could declare  dividends of up to $75 million under this policy.  The subsidiary
banks declared and paid dividends of $254 million,  $81 million and $151 million
in 2007, 2006, and 2005, respectively.

Loans to a single  affiliate may not exceed 10% and loans to all  affiliates may
not exceed 20% of  unimpaired  capital and  surplus,  as defined.  Additionally,
loans to  affiliates  must be fully  secured.  As of December 31, 2007 and 2006,
outstanding  loans  totaled  $22  million  and $29  million,  respectively,  and
outstanding letters of credit totaled $17 million and $12 million, respectively.
Total loan commitments to affiliates at December 31, 2007 were $161 million.

Regulatory Capital

BOK  Financial  and its  banking  subsidiaries  are  subject to various  capital
requirements  administered  by the  federal  banking  agencies.  Failure to meet
minimum  capital  requirements  can initiate  certain  mandatory and  additional
discretionary  actions by  regulators  that could have a material  effect on BOK
Financial's operations. These capital requirements include quantitative measures
of  assets,  liabilities  and  certain  off-balance  sheet  items.  The  capital
standards  are also subject to  qualitative  judgments by the  regulators  about
components, risk weightings and other factors.

For a banking institution to qualify as well capitalized,  its Tier I, Total and
Leverage  capital ratios must be at least 6%, 10% and 5%,  respectively.  Tier I
capital consists primarily of common stockholders' equity,  excluding unrealized
gains or losses on available for sale  securities,  less goodwill,  core deposit
premiums and certain other intangible assets. Total capital consists

<PAGE> 90

primarily of Tier I capital plus preferred stock, subordinated debt and reserves
for  credit  losses,  subject  to certain  limitations.  All of BOK  Financial's
banking subsidiaries exceeded the regulatory definition of well capitalized.

<TABLE>
                                                                          December 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2007                          2006
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Amount          Ratio          Amount        Ratio
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------
 (Dollars in thousands)
 Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):
<S>                                                 <C>                  <C>       <C>                  <C>
    Consolidated                                    $    2,167,763       12.54%    $    1,801,876       11.58%
    BOk                                                  1,432,405       11.95          1,246,534       10.51
    Bank of Texas                                          380,221       10.98            305,957       10.98
    Bank of Albuquerque                                    112,693       16.35             96,594       16.22
    Bank of Arkansas                                        28,058       11.31             19,640       11.75
    Colorado State Bank and Trust                           88,603       15.58             53,981       14.96
    Bank of Arizona                                         21,715       12.07             17,266       13.34
    Bank of Kansas City                                     17,354       47.21             19,915      329.76
 Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):
    Consolidated                                    $    1,621,583        9.38%    $    1,521,504        9.78%
    BOk                                                    937,477        7.82          1,006,372        8.49
    Bank of Texas                                          349,793       10.10            280,294       10.06
    Bank of Albuquerque                                    105,089       15.24             90,418       15.18
    Bank of Arkansas                                        25,198       10.16             17,549       10.50
    Colorado State Bank and Trust                           85,542       15.04             51,061       14.15
    Bank of Arizona                                         19,644       10.92             15,954       12.33
    Bank of Kansas City                                     17,252       46.93             19,915      329.76
 Tier I Capital (to Average Assets):
    Consolidated                                    $    1,621,583       8.20%     $    1,521,504       8.79%
    BOk                                                    937,477       6.60           1,006,372       8.26
    Bank of Texas                                          349,793       9.35             280,294       7.95
    Bank of Albuquerque                                    105,089       7.93              90,418       7.28
    Bank of Arkansas                                        25,198      10.05              17,549      10.95
    Colorado State Bank and Trust                           85,542       6.88    -         51,061       5.68
    Bank of Arizona                                         19,644      10.44    -         15,954       9.98
    Bank of Kansas City                                     17,252      30.92    -         19,915     136.27
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 91

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") includes unrealized gains
and losses on available for sale securities and  accumulated  gains or losses on
effective cash flow hedges, including hedges of anticipated transactions.  Gains
and losses in AOCI are net of deferred income taxes.  Accumulated losses on cash
flow hedges of  prime-based  loans of $152  thousand will be  reclassified  into
income  through the February  2008  expiration  date of the hedges.  Accumulated
losses on the rate lock hedge of the 2005 subordinated  debenture  issuance will
be  reclassified  into income  over the  ten-year  life of the debt.  Unrealized
losses on employee benefit plans were recognized as required by FAS 158 and will
be reclassified into income as Pension Plan costs.

<TABLE>
                                                            Unrealized    Accumulated   Unrealized
                                                            Gain (Loss)    (Loss) on      (Loss)
                                                           On Available    Effective        On
                                                             For Sale      Cash Flow     Employee
                                                            Securities      Hedges     Benefit Plans     Total
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>
  Balance at December 31, 2004                                (10,000)       (1,625)            -       (11,625)
     Unrealized losses on securities                          (92,551)            -             -       (92,551)
     Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges                          -           684             -           684
     Loss on rate lock hedge of subordinated debt issuance          -        (2,788)            -        (2,788)
     Tax benefit  (expense) on unrealized gains (losses)       34,129           (75)            -        34,054
     Reclassification adjustment for losses
       realized and included in net income                      6,772           123             -         6,895
     Reclassification adjustment for tax benefit
       on realized losses                                      (2,432)          (48)            -        (2,480)
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 2005                                (64,082)       (3,729)            -       (67,811)
     Unrealized gains (losses) on securities                    7,061             -             -         7,061
     Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges                           -           664             -           664
     Unrealized losses on employee benefit plans                    -             -       (18,587)      (18,587)
     Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized gains (losses)        (2,619)            -         7,230         4,611
     Reclassification adjustment for losses
       realized and included in net income                        739           211             -           950
     Reclassification adjustment for tax benefit
       on realized losses                                        (251)          (81)            -          (332)
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 2006                              $ (59,152)    $  (2,935)    $ (11,357)    $ (73,444)
     Unrealized gains (losses) on securities                   48,308             -             -        48,308
     Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges                           -         2,201             -         2,201
     Unrealized losses on employee benefit plans                    -             -         7,518         7,518
     Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized gains (losses)       (17,239)         (856)       (2,925)      (21,020)
     Reclassification adjustment for losses
       realized and included in net income                      8,117           211          (384)        7,944
     Reclassification adjustment for tax benefit
       on realized losses                                      (2,809)          (82)          150        (2,741)
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 2007                              $ (22,775)    $  (1,461)    $  (6,998)    $ (31,234)
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 92

(17) Earnings Per Share

The following table presents the  computation of basic and diluted  earnings per
share (dollars in thousands except per share data):

<TABLE>
                                                                                    Years ended December 31,
                                                                          --------------------------------------------
                                                                               2007          2006           2005
                                                                          --------------------------------------------
 Numerator:
<S>                                                                         <C>           <C>            <C>
    Net income                                                              $   217,664   $   212,977    $   201,505
    Preferred stock dividends                                                         -             -           (375)
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Numerator for basic earnings per share - income
    available to common stockholders                                            217,664       212,977        201,130
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Effect of dilutive securities:
    Preferred stock dividends                                                         -             -            375
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Numerator for diluted earnings per share - income available
    to common stockholders after assumed conversion                         $   217,664   $   212,977    $   201,505
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Denominator:
    Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted average shares       67,083,200    66,759,384     64,067,873
    Effect of dilutive securities:
      Employee stock compensation plans(1)                                      467,338       550,621        628,060
      Convertible preferred stock                                                     -             -      2,351,131
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Dilutive potential common shares                                               467,338       550,621      2,979,191
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Denominator for diluted earnings per share - adjusted
    weighted average shares and assumed conversions                          67,550,538    67,310,005     67,047,064
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Basic earnings per share                                                         $3.24         $3.19          $3.14
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Diluted earnings per share                                                       $3.22         $3.16          $3.01
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 (1)Excludes employee stock options with exercise                               799,087       440,216        855,326
    prices greater than the current market price.
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 93

(18) Reportable Segments

BOK Financial  operates five  principal  lines of business:  Oklahoma  corporate
banking,  Oklahoma consumer banking,  mortgage banking,  wealth management,  and
regional  banking.  Mortgage  banking  activities  include loan  origination and
servicing across all markets served by the Company.  Wealth management  provides
brokerage  and  trading,  private  financial  services and  investment  advisory
services in all  markets.  It also  provides  fiduciary  services in all markets
except  Colorado.  Fiduciary  services  in  Colorado  are  included  in regional
banking.  Regional banking consists  primarily of corporate and consumer banking
activities  in the  respective  local  markets.  In  addition  to its  lines  of
business, BOK Financial has a funds management unit. The primary purpose of this
unit is to manage the  overall  liquidity  needs and  interest  rate risk of the
Company.  Each line of business  borrows  funds from and  provides  funds to the
funds management unit as needed to support their  operations.  Operating results
for Funds  Management  and  Other  include  the  effect  of  interest  rate risk
positions and risk  management  activities,  the  provision  for credit  losses,
tax-exempt income and tax credits, and certain executive compensation costs that
are not attributed to the lines of business.

The Oklahoma  Corporate  Banking  segment  provides loan and lease financing and
treasury and cash  management  services to  businesses  throughout  Oklahoma and
certain  relationships in surrounding  states.  Oklahoma  Corporate Banking also
includes our TransFund unit, which provides ATM and merchant  deposit  services.
The Oklahoma Consumer Banking segment provides a full line of deposit,  loan and
fee-based  services  to  customers   throughout   Oklahoma  through  four  major
distribution channels:  traditional branches,  supermarket branches, the 24-hour
ExpressBank call center and the Internet.  The Mortgage Banking segment consists
of two operating  sectors that originate a full range of mortgage  products from
federally  sponsored  programs to "jumbo  loans" on higher  priced  homes in BOK
Financial's  primary market areas.  The Mortgage  Banking  segment also services
mortgage loans acquired from throughout the United States. The Wealth Management
segment provides a wide range of financial services, including trust and private
financial services and brokerage and trading services. This segment includes the
activities  of  BOSC,  Inc.,  a  registered  broker/dealer.  Trust  and  private
financial  services  include sales of  institutional,  investment and retirement
products,  loans  and  other  services  to  affluent  individuals,   businesses,
not-for-profit  organizations,  and  governmental  agencies.  Trust services are
primarily  provided  to  clients in  Oklahoma,  Texas and New  Mexico.  Regional
banking  consists  primarily of the corporate and  commercial  banking  services
provided by Bank of Texas, Bank of Albuquerque, Bank of Arkansas, Colorado State
Bank and Trust,  Bank of  Arizona  and Bank of Kansas  City in their  respective
markets. It also includes fiduciary services provided by Colorado State Bank and
Trust.

BOK Financial identifies reportable segments by type of service provided for the
Mortgage Banking and the Wealth Management  segments and by type of customer for
the Oklahoma Corporate Banking and Oklahoma Consumer Banking segments.  Regional
Banking is  identified  by legal  entity.  Operating  results are  adjusted  for
intercompany loan  participations,  allocated service costs and management fees,
interest rate risk positions and risk management activities.

BOK Financial  allocates  resources and  evaluates  performance  of its lines of
business after allocation of funds, certain indirect expenses, taxes and capital
costs.  The  cost of  funds  borrowed  from  the  funds  management  unit by the
operating lines of business is transfer priced at rates that approximate  market
for  funds  with  similar  duration.  Market  rates are  generally  based on the
applicable LIBOR or interest rate swap rates, adjusted for prepayment risk. This
method of transfer  pricing funds that support assets of the operating  lines of
business tends to insulate them from interest rate risk.

The value of funds  provided  by the  operating  lines of  business to the funds
management  unit is based on  applicable  Federal Home Loan Bank advance  rates.
Deposit accounts with indeterminate maturities,  such as demand deposit accounts
and  interest-bearing  transaction  accounts,  are transfer  priced at a rolling
average based on expected duration of the accounts. The expected duration ranges
from 90 days for certain  rate-sensitive  deposits to five years. The accounting
policies of the  reportable  segments  generally  follow those  described in the
summary of  significant  accounting  policies,  except that  interest  income is
reported on a fully  tax-equivalent  basis,  loan losses are based on actual net
amounts  charged off and the  amortization  of  intangible  assets is  generally
excluded.

Economic  capital is assigned to the business  units by a third-party  developed
capital  allocation  model that reflects  management's  assessment of risk. This
model  assigns  capital based upon credit,  operating,  interest rate and market
risk inherent in the business lines and recognizes the diversification  benefits
among the units. The level of assigned  economic capital is a combination of the
risk taken by each business line,  based on its actual  exposures and calibrated
to its own loss history where  possible.  Additional  capital is assigned to the
regional  banking line of business based on BOK Financial's  investment in those
entities.

Substantially  all  revenue  is from  domestic  customers.  No  single  external
customer accounts for more than 10% of total revenue.

<PAGE> 94

<TABLE>
                                Oklahoma      Oklahoma                                                All
                               Corporate      Consumer      Mortgage     Wealth       Regional      Other/
 (In Thousands)                 Banking        Banking      Banking    Management     Banking    Eliminations     Total
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Year ended December 31, 2007

 Net interest revenue/(expense)
<S>                             <C>           <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
    from external sources       $  248,889    $  (68,034)   $  36,800  $   13,385    $   406,386   $ (92,941)  $   544,485
 Net interest
 revenue/(expense)
    from internal sources          (93,375)      140,980      (32,451)     18,781       (119,118)     85,183             -
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total net interest revenue        155,514        72,946        4,349      32,166        287,268      (7,758)      544,485

 Provision for credit losses         7,234         2,918          608       1,127          9,218      13,616        34,721
 Other operating revenue            94,940        78,296       16,732     137,057         67,036      (3,447)      390,614
 Capitalized mortgage
    servicing rights                     -             -       14,080           -              -           -        14,080
 Financial instruments
    gains (losses)                      57           107         (486)         13            785      (6,522)       (6,046)
 Operating expense                 115,116        87,556       31,706     120,725        194,734      22,257       572,094
 Change in fair value of
    mortgage servicing rights            -             -        2,893           -              -           -         2,893
 Income taxes                       49,855        23,681         (207)     18,432         58,643     (34,643)      115,761
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                     $   78,306    $   37,194    $    (325)   $ 28,952    $    92,494   $ (18,957)  $   217,664
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Average assets                 $5,841,449    $2,927,994    $ 724,378  $1,894,677    $ 8,785,029 $(1,147,759)  $19,025,768

 Average economic capital          391,920        61,780       24,100     154,540        445,990     734,133     1,812,463
 Average invested capital                -             -            -           -        789,290           -             -

 Performance measurements:
    Return on assets                  1.34%         1.27%      (0.04)%        1.53%          1.05%          -         1.14%
    Return on economic capital       19.98         60.20       (1.35)        18.73          20.74           -        12.01
    Return on invested capital           -             -           -             -          11.72           -            -
    Efficiency ratio                 45.96         57.89       90.17         71.34          54.96           -        60.27
</TABLE>


Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements

<TABLE>
                                                 Other         Other
                               Net Interest    Operating     Operating       Net        Average
                                 Revenue       Revenue(1)       Expense      Income       Assets
                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>        <C>
 Total reportable segments       $552,243      $ 408,141      $552,730     $236,621   $20,173,527
 Unallocated items:
    Tax-equivalent adjustment       9,120              -             -        9,120             -
    Funds management and other
      (including
      eliminations), net          (16,878)        (3,447)       22,257      (28,077)   (1,147,759)
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BOK Financial consolidated      $544,485      $ 404,694      $574,987     $217,664   $19,025,768
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 95

<TABLE>
                                Oklahoma      Oklahoma                                                All
                               Corporate      Consumer      Mortgage     Wealth       Regional      Other/
 (In Thousands)                 Banking        Banking      Banking    Management     Banking    Eliminations     Total
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Year ended December 31, 2006

 Net interest revenue/(expense)
<S>                             <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>
    from external sources       $  244,781    $  (62,447)   $  23,638    $ 15,148    $   334,648   $ (69,080)  $   486,688
 Net interest revenue/(expense)
    from internal sources          (95,766)      131,131      (20,307)     13,030        (79,581)     51,493             -
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total net interest revenue        149,015        68,684        3,331      28,178        255,067     (17,587)      486,688

 Provision for credit losses          (495)        2,780          504         222          7,376       8,015        18,402
 Other operating revenue            89,106        72,699       17,287     124,170         55,130       2,886       361,278
 Capitalized mortgage
    servicing rights                     -             -       11,917           -              -           -        11,917
 Financial instruments
    gains (losses)                     113            80       (1,102)         15             34        (712)       (1,572)
 Operating expense                 111,380        80,250       30,731     105,906        159,737      27,312       515,316
 Change in fair value of
    mortgage servicing rights            -             -       (3,009)          -              -           -        (3,009)
 Income taxes                       49,538        22,730        1,247      17,985         52,563     (29,438)      114,625
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                     $   77,811    $   35,703    $   1,960    $ 28,250    $    90,555   $ (21,302)  $   212,977
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Average assets                 $5,214,916    $2,836,692    $ 519,371  $1,831,377    $ 7,019,426   $(614,191)  $16,807,591

 Average economic capital          395,490        58,570       24,460     149,960        434,440     546,439     1,609,359
 Average invested capital                -             -            -           -        692,560           -             -

 Performance measurements:
    Return on assets                  1.49%         1.26%       0.38%         1.54%         1.29%          -         1.27%
    Return on economic capital       19.67         60.96        8.01         18.84         20.84           -        13.23
    Return on invested capital           -             -           -             -         13.08           -            -
    Efficiency ratio                 46.77         56.76       94.46         69.52         51.50           -        59.93
</TABLE>


Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements

<TABLE>
                                                 Other         Other
                               Net Interest    Operating     Operating       Net        Average
                                 Revenue       Revenue(1)       Expense      Income       Assets
                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>        <C>
 Total reportable segments       $504,275      $ 370,309      $484,995     $234,279   $17,421,782
 Unallocated items:
    Tax-equivalent adjustment       6,963              -             -        6,963             -
    Funds management and other
       (including
       eliminations), net         (24,550)         2,886        27,312      (28,265)     (614,191)
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BOK Financial consolidated      $486,688      $ 373,195      $512,307     $212,977   $16,807,591
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 96



<TABLE>
                                Oklahoma      Oklahoma                                                All
                               Corporate      Consumer      Mortgage     Wealth       Regional      Other/
 (In Thousands)                 Banking        Banking      Banking    Management     Banking    Eliminations     Total
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Year ended December 31, 2005

 Net interest revenue/(expense)
<S>                             <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>
    from external sources       $  208,044    $  (43,411)   $  20,237    $ 12,488    $   257,507   $  (5,524)  $   449,341
 Net interest revenue/(expense)
    from internal sources          (67,875)       98,291      (14,882)      8,504        (38,111)     14,073             -
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total net interest revenue        140,169        54,880        5,355      20,992        219,396       8,549       449,341

 Provision for credit losses         6,481         3,094          415         224          6,190      (3,963)       12,441
 Other operating revenue            83,619        66,174       15,347     109,405         51,474       3,251       329,270
 Gain on sales of assets             4,758             -        1,232           -              -           -         5,990
 Capitalized mortgage
    servicing rights                     -             -       17,402           -              -           -        17,402
 Financial instruments
    gains (losses)                    (132)          (87)      (5,087)         13            519        (942)       (5,716)
 Operating expense                 110,395        77,757       34,736      94,338        143,026      12,769       473,021
 Recovery for impairment of
    mortgage servicing rights            -             -       (3,915)          -              -           -        (3,915)
 Income taxes                       43,388        15,605        1,172      13,945         44,685      (5,560)      113,235
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                     $   68,150    $   24,511    $   1,841    $ 21,903    $    77,488   $   7,612   $   201,505
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Average assets                 $4,722,030    $2,657,824    $514,530   $1,748,104    $ 6,018,520   $ (77,321)  $15,583,687

 Average economic capital          338,470        51,480       23,580     114,400        326,650     607,266     1,461,846
 Average invested capital                -             -            -           -        571,460           -             -

 Performance measurements:
    Return on assets                  1.44%         0.92%       0.36%         1.25%         1.29%          -         1.29%
    Return on economic capital       20.13         47.61        7.81         19.15         23.72           -        13.78
    Return on invested capital           -             -           -             -         13.56           -            -
    Efficiency ratio                 48.30         64.23       88.31         72.35         52.80           -        58.98
</TABLE>


Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements

<TABLE>
                                                 Other         Other
                               Net Interest    Operating     Operating       Net        Average
                                 Revenue       Revenue(1)       Expense      Income       Assets
                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>        <C>
 Total reportable segments       $440,792      $ 349,411      $456,337     $193,893   $15,661,008
 Unallocated items:
    Tax-equivalent adjustment       5,182              -             -        5,182             -
    Funds management and other
      (including
      eliminations), net            3,367          3,251        12,769        2,430       (77,321)
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BOK Financial consolidated      $449,341      $ 352,662      $469,106     $201,505   $15,583,687
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)Excluding financial instrument gains/(losses)
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 97

(19) Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The following  table  presents the carrying  values and estimated fair values of
financial instruments as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                  Range of      Average                    Estimated
                                                   Carrying      Contractual   Repricing     Discount        Fair
                                                     Value         Yields      (in years)      Rate          Value
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 2007:
<S>                                                <C>              <C>            <C>        <C>         <C>
   Cash and cash equivalents                       $ 890,413                                              $  890,413
   Securities                                      6,098,914                                               6,099,753
   Loans:
      Commercial                                   6,737,505     1.45 -18.00%      0.43     4.57 - 7.25%   7,008,023
      Commercial real estate                       2,750,472     5.63 -18.00       1.42        7.25        2,749,529
      Residential mortgage                         1,531,296     3.81 -12.75       7.00        3.98        1,606,663
      Residential mortgage - held for sale            76,677          -             -           -             76,677
      Consumer                                       921,297     4.50 -21.00       1.95        7.25          936,928
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total loans                               12,017,247                                              12,377,820

        Reserve for loan losses                     (126,677)                                                      -
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net loans                                     11,890,570                                              12,377,820
    Derivative instruments with positive
      fair value                                     502,446                                                 502,446
    Deposits with no stated maturity               9,128,653                                               9,128,653
    Time deposits                                  4,330,638     1.84  - 10.00     1.10    3.37 - 5.20     4,431,489
    Other borrowings                               4,252,695     2.45 -  6.15      0.81    3.41 - 4.95     3,851,863
    Subordinated debentures                          398,273        5.47           5.52        3.41          368,638
    Derivative instruments with negative
      fair value                                     513,840                                                 513,840
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2006:
   Cash and cash equivalents                       $ 797,326                                              $  797,326
   Securities                                      5,103,663                                               5,101,582
   Loans:
      Commercial                                   6,208,884     1.61 -18.00%      0.38    5.33 - 8.25%    6,532,426
      Commercial real estate                       2,446,540     6.00 -15.00       1.38        8.25        2,410,517
      Residential mortgage                         1,256,259     3.81 -12.13       5.74    5.00 - 6.06     1,227,574
      Residential mortgage - held for sale            64,625          -             -           -             64,625
      Consumer                                       739,495     3.00 -20.15       2.44        8.25          722,170
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total loans                               10,715,803                                              10,957,312

        Reserve for loan losses                     (109,497)                                                      -
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net loans                                     10,606,306                                              10,957,312
    Derivative instruments with positive
      fair value                                     284,239                                                 284,239
    Deposits with no stated maturity               7,916,159                                               7,916,159
    Time deposits                                  4,470,546     0.95 - 9.00       1.16    4.88 - 5.50     4,431,707
    Other borrowings                               2,942,247     2.81 - 6.45       0.83    4.85 - 5.33     2,642,381
    Subordinated debentures                          297,800        7.35           4.51        4.85          298,732
    Derivative instruments with negative
      fair value                                     298,679                                                 298,679
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The preceding table presents the estimated fair values of financial instruments.
Fair value is the  estimated  price that would be received to sell the financial
assets or paid to transfer the financial  liabilities in an orderly  transaction
between  market  participants.  Because no market  exists  for  certain of these
financial  instruments  and management  does not intend to sell these  financial
instruments,  BOK  Financial  does not know  whether the fair values shown above
represent  values at which the respective  financial  instruments  could be sold
individually or in the aggregate.

The following  methods and assumptions were used in estimating the fair value of
these financial instruments:

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The  book  value  reported  in the  consolidated  balance  sheet  for  cash  and
short-term instruments approximates those assets' fair values.

<PAGE> 98

Securities

The fair  values  of  securities  are based on  quoted  market  prices or dealer
quotes,  when available.  If quotes are not available,  fair values are based on
quoted prices of comparable instruments.

Derivatives

All derivative  instruments are carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Fair
values for exchange-traded contracts are based on quoted prices. Fair values for
over-the-counter  interest rate,  commodity and foreign  exchange  contracts are
based on valuations  provided  either by  third-party  dealers in the contracts,
quotes  provided by  independent  pricing  services,  or a third-party  provided
pricing model.

Loans

The fair value of loans,  excluding loans held for sale, are based on discounted
cash flow analyses using interest rates  currently  being offered for loans with
similar remaining terms to maturity and credit risk,  adjusted for the impact of
interest  rate floors and  ceilings.  The fair values of  classified  loans were
estimated to approximate their carrying values less loan loss reserves allocated
to these loans of $23  million  and $12  million at December  31, 2007 and 2006,
respectively.

The fair  values of  residential  mortgage  loans  held for sale are based  upon
quoted  market  prices  of  such  loans  sold  in  securitization  transactions,
including related unfunded loan commitments and hedging transactions.

Deposits

The fair values of time  deposits  are based on  discounted  cash flow  analyses
using interest rates currently being offered on similar transactions.  Statement
of Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 107,  "Disclosures  about Fair Value of
Financial Instruments," ("FAS 107") defines the estimated fair value of deposits
with no stated maturity,  which includes demand deposits,  transaction deposits,
money  market  deposits  and savings  accounts,  to equal the amount  payable on
demand.  Although market premiums paid reflect an additional value for these low
cost deposits,  FAS 107 prohibits  adjusting fair value for the expected benefit
of these  deposits.  Accordingly,  the positive  effect of such  deposits is not
included in this table.

Other Borrowings and Subordinated Debentures

The fair  values  of these  instruments  are  based  upon  discounted  cash flow
analyses using interest rates currently being offered on similar instruments.

Off-Balance Sheet Instruments

The fair  values of  commercial  loan  commitments  are based on fees  currently
charged to enter into  similar  agreements,  taking into  account the  remaining
terms of the agreements.  The fair values of these off-balance sheet instruments
were not significant at December 31, 2007 and 2006.

Fair value of financial  assets and liabilities that are measured on a recurring
basis are as follows as of December 31, 2007 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                  Quoted Prices
                                                    in Active      Significant
                                                   Markets for        Other          Significant
                                                    Identical       Observable       Unobservable
                                        Total      Instruments        Inputs            Inputs
                                     ----------- ---------------- --------------- ----------------
   Assets:
<S>                                     <C>          <C>               <C>             <C>
    Trading securities                  $45,724      $ 4,130           $41,594
    Available for sale securities     5,650,540       31,862         5,618,678
    Mortgage trading securities         154,701                        154,701
    Mortgage servicing rights            70,009                                         70,009(1)
    Derivative contracts                502,446                        502,446

   Liabilities:
    Hedged certificates of deposit      234,744                        234,744
    Derivative contracts                513,840                        513,840
</TABLE>

(1)      A reconciliation of the beginning and ending fair value of mortgage
         servicing rights and disclosures of significant assumptions used to
         determine fair value are presented in Note 5, Mortgage Banking
         Activities.

<PAGE> 99

The fair value of assets and liabilities  based on significant  other observable
inputs are  generally  provided to us by  third-party  pricing  services and are
based on one or more of the following:

o    Quoted prices for similar,  but not  identical,  assets or  liabilities  in
     active markets;

o    Quoted prices for identical or similar  assets or  liabilities  in inactive
     markets;

o    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable,  such as interest rate
     and yield curves, volatilities,  prepayment speeds, loss severities, credit
     risks and default rates;

o    Other inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market inputs.

The underlying  methods used by the third-party  pricing services are considered
in determining the primary inputs used to determine fair values.

(20) Parent Company Only Financial Statements

Summarized  financial  information  for BOK  Financial  -  Parent  Company  Only
follows:

Balance Sheets
 (In Thousands)                                           December 31,
                                                ----------------------------
                                                      2007          2006
                                                ----------------------------

 Assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                         $   24,257    $   16,507
 Securities - available for sale                       13,361        14,121
 Investment in subsidiaries                         1,949,099     1,692,231
 Other assets                                           1,503         1,584
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total assets                                   $1,988,220    $1,724,443
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
 Other borrowings                                  $   50,000    $        -
 Other liabilities                                      2,836         3,421
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total liabilities                                  52,836         3,421
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Common stock                                               4             4
 Capital surplus                                      722,088       688,861
 Retained earnings                                  1,332,954     1,166,994
 Treasury stock                                       (31,234)      (61,393)
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss                 (88,428)      (73,444)
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total shareholders' equity                      1,935,384     1,721,022
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total liabilities and shareholders' equity     $1,988,220    $1,724,443
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------


<TABLE>
Statements of Earnings
 (In Thousands)
                                                            2007           2006         2005
                                                      -------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>           <C>
 Dividends, interest and fees received from               $254,256       $ 80,855      $153,462
    subsidiaries
 Other operating revenue                                       482            476           468
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total revenue                                          254,738         81,331       153,930
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Interest expense                                              715              -         1,500
 Professional fees and services                                601            506           589
 Other operating expense                                       220            191            22
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total expense                                            1,536            697         2,111
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Income before taxes and equity in undistributed
    income of subsidiaries                                 253,202         80,634       151,819
 Federal and state income tax credit                           497            (28)         (682)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Income before equity in undistributed income of
   subsidiaries                                            252,705         80,662       152,501
 Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries            (35,041)       132,315        49,004
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                                               $217,664       $212,977      $201,505
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 100

<TABLE>
Statements of Cash Flows
 (In Thousands)
                                                             2007         2006         2005
                                                         ----------------------------------------

 Cash flows from operating activities:
<S>                                                         <C>          <C>          <C>
    Net income                                              $217,664     $212,977     $201,505
    Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
      provided by operating activities:
        Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries        35,041     (132,315)     (49,004)
        Tax benefit on exercise of stock options               3,460        4,014        3,583
        Change in other assets                                (3,090)     (22,949)     (12,337)
        Change in other liabilities                             (585)         815         (889)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash provided by operating activities                   252,490       62,542      142,858
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Cash flows from investing activities:
    Investment in subsidiaries                              (240,718)     (20,865)     (34,264)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash used by investing activities                      (240,718)     (20,865)     (34,264)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Cash flows from financing activities:
    Increase in other borrowings                              50,000            -            -
    Pay down of other borrowings                                   -            -      (95,000)
    Issuance of common and treasury stock, net                13,747       12,647        7,032
    Cash dividends                                           (50,416)     (36,788)     (20,343)
    Repurchase of common stock                               (17,353)     (12,103)      (2,439)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash used by financing activities                        (4,022)     (36,244)    (110,750)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents                       7,750        5,433       (2,156)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period             16,507       11,074       13,230
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                 $ 24,257     $ 16,507     $ 11,074
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Cash paid for interest                                     $    560     $     10     $  1,698
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 101


<PAGE> 102

Annual Financial Summary - Unaudited

Consolidated Daily Average Balances,
Average Yields and Rates


<TABLE>
  (Dollars in Thousands)                                                                             2007
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                    Average       Revenue/         Yield/
                                                                                    Balance      Expense(1)         Rate
                                                                                -----------------------------------------------

 Assets
<S>                   <C>                                                          <C>              <C>              <C>
    Taxable securities(3)                                                          $ 5,166,218      $248,972         4.85%
    Tax-exempt securities(3)                                                           341,913        21,293         6.39
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total securities(3)                                                            5,508,131       270,265         4.94
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Trading securities                                                                  29,043         1,948         6.71
    Funds sold and resell agreements                                                    77,890         4,480         5.75
    Loans(2)                                                                        11,440,045       893,164         7.81
      Less reserve for loan losses                                                     120,086             -          -
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Loans, net of reserve                                                           11,319,959       893,164         7.89
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total earning assets(3)                                                       16,935,023     1,169,857         6.92
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Cash and other assets                                                            2,090,745
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total assets                                                                 $19,025,768
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
    Transaction deposits                                                           $ 6,556,197      $ 194,617        2.97%
    Savings deposits                                                                   165,729         1,499         0.90
    Time deposits                                                                    4,568,738       216,630         4.74
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total interest-bearing deposits                                               11,290,664       412,746         3.66
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Funds purchased and repurchase agreements                                        2,758,306       134,347         4.87
    Other borrowings                                                                   838,708        44,258         5.28
    Subordinated debentures                                                            395,050        24,901         6.30
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing liabilities                                            15,282,728       616,252         4.03
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Demand deposits                                                                  1,321,531
    Other liabilities                                                                  609,046
    Shareholders' equity                                                             1,812,463
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                   $19,025,768
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Tax-equivalent Net Interest Revenue(3)                                                            $ 553,605         2.89%
 Tax-equivalent Net Interest Revenue to Earning Assets(3)                                                            3.28
 Less tax-equivalent adjustment(1)                                                                     9,120
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net Interest Revenue                                                                                544,485
 Provision for credit losses                                                                          34,721
 Other operating revenue                                                                             398,648
 Other operating expense                                                                             574,987
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income before taxes                                                                                 333,425
 Federal and state income tax                                                                        115,761
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net Income                                                                                         $217,664
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Tax  equivalent  at the  statutory  federal and state rates for the periods
     presented.  The taxable  equivalent  adjustments  shown are for comparative
     purposes.
(2)  The loan averages  included loans on which the accrual of interest has been
     discontinued and are stated net of unearned income.  See Note 1 of Notes to
     the  Consolidated   Financial   Statements  for  a  description  of  income
     recognition policy.
(3)  Yield calculations exclude security trades that have been recorded on trade
     date with no corresponding interest income.

<PAGE> 103





<TABLE>



                      2006                                                   2005
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Average       Revenue/         Yield/                 Average        Revenue/         Yield/
     Balance      Expense(1)         Rate                  Balance       Expense(1)         Rate
 -----------------------------------------------       ------------------------------------------------


<S>                  <C>              <C>                 <C>               <C>              <C>
    $ 4,770,959      $222,531         4.67%               $ 4,769,666       $205,952         4.34%
        290,356        15,572         5.44                    226,961         11,587         5.13
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      5,061,315       238,103         4.71                  4,996,627        217,539         4.38
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         21,213         1,044         4.92                     15,892            770         4.85
         36,196         1,841         5.09                     38,521          1,287         3.34
      9,706,866       752,404         7.75                  8,489,751        555,520         6.54
        106,689             -          -                      110,158              -          -
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      9,600,177       752,404         7.84                  8,379,593        555,520         6.63
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     14,718,901       993,392         6.75                 13,430,633        775,116         5.78
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      2,088,690                                             2,153,054
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    $16,807,591                                           $15,583,687
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


    $ 5,477,886      $148,986         2.72%               $ 4,402,810       $ 72,721         1.65%
        148,656         1,408         0.95                    159,429          1,106         0.69
      4,279,610       186,514         4.36                  3,894,429        136,573         3.51
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      9,906,152       336,908         3.40                  8,456,668        210,400         2.49
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      2,145,648       105,483         4.92                  1,936,792         61,606         3.18
        725,329        37,070         5.11                    996,266         34,220         3.43
        294,962        20,280         6.88                    236,589         14,367         6.07
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     13,072,091       499,741         3.82                 11,626,315        320,593         2.76
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      1,473,645                                             1,607,702
        652,496                                               887,824
      1,609,359                                             1,461,846
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    $16,807,591                                           $15,583,687
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    $ 493,651         2.93%                                $ 454,523         3.02%
                                      3.36                                                   3.39
                        6,963                                                  5,182
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      486,688                                                449,341
                       18,402                                                 12,441
                      371,623                                                346,946
                      512,307                                                469,106
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      327,602                                                314,740
                      114,625                                                113,235
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     $212,977                                               $201,505
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 104


Quarterly Financial Summary - Unaudited

Consolidated Daily Average Balances,
Average Yields and Rates


<TABLE>
  (Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
                                                                                 Three Months Ended
                                                      -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              December 31, 2007                    September 30, 2007
                                                      ----------------------------------  -------------------------------------

                                                         Average     Revenue/   Yield/       Average     Revenue/     Yield/
                                                         Balance    Expense(1)   Rate        Balance    Expense(1)     Rate
                                                      ----------------------------------  -------------------------------------

  Assets
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>         <C>      <C>          <C>            <C>
     Taxable securities(3)                              $ 5,633,173   $68,670     4.86%    $  5,206,482 $  62,531      4.84%
     Tax-exempt securities(3)                               328,900     5,990     7.19          360,710     5,820      6.44
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
       Total securities(3)                                5,962,073    74,660     4.99        5,567,192    68,351      4.95
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
     Trading securities                                      29,303       489     6.62           24,413       459      7.46
     Funds sold and resell agreements                        86,948     1,303     5.95          101,281     1,588      6.22
     Loans(2)                                            11,806,242   223,146     7.50       11,709,638   232,446      7.88
       Less reserve for loan losses                         125,996         -       -           123,059         -        -
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
     Loans, net of reserve                               11,680,246   223,146     7.58       11,586,579   232,446      7.96
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
       Total earning assets(3)                           17,758,570   299,598     6.70       17,279,465   302,844      6.99
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
     Cash and other assets                                2,349,856                           2,129,713
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
       Total assets                                     $20,108,426                         $19,409,178
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

  Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
     Transaction deposits                               $ 7,016,136   $49,358     2.79%    $  6,683,056 $  50,650      3.01%
     Savings deposits                                       160,170       348     0.86          200,362       410      0.81
     Time deposits                                        4,544,802    53,613     4.68        4,798,812    58,436      4.83
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
        Total interest-bearing deposits                   11,721,108   103,319     3.50       11,682,230   109,496      3.72
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
     Funds purchased and repurchase agreements            3,158,153    35,169     4.42        2,603,372    32,484      4.95
     Other borrowings                                       936,353    11,611     4.92          880,894    11,789      5.31
     Subordinated debentures                                398,109     5,708     5.69          471,458     7,166      6.03
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
       Total interest-bearing liabilities                16,213,723   155,807     3.81       15,637,954   160,935      4.08
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
     Demand deposits                                      1,293,419                           1,300,280
     Other liabilities                                      706,385                             649,964
     Shareholders' equity                                 1,894,899                           1,820,980
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
       Total liabilities and shareholders' equity       $20,108,426                        $ 19,409,178
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

  Tax-equivalent Net Interest Revenue(3)                             $143,791     2.89%                  $141,909     2.91%
  Tax-equivalent Net Interest Revenue to Earning Assets(3)                        3.22                                3.27
  Less tax-equivalent adjustment(1)                                     2,502                               2,464
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
  Net Interest Revenue                                                141,289                             139,445
  Provision for credit losses                                          13,200                               7,201
  Other operating revenue                                             107,316                             109,372
  Other operating expense                                             157,727                             151,018
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
  Income before taxes                                                  77,678                              90,598
  Federal and state income tax                                         26,518                              30,750
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
  Net Income                                                          $51,160                           $  59,848
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

  Earnings Per Average Common Share Equivalent:
     Net income:
       Basic                                                             $0.76                              $0.89
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
       Diluted                                                           $0.76                              $0.89
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------
</TABLE>


(1)  Tax  equivalent  at the  statutory  federal and state rates for the periods
     presented.  The taxable  equivalent  adjustments  shown are for comparative
     purposes.
(2)  The loan averages  included loans on which the accrual of interest has been
     discontinued and are stated net of unearned income.  See Note 1 of Notes to
     the  Consolidated   Financial   Statements  for  a  description  of  income
     recognition policy.
(3)  Yield calculations exclude security trades that have been recorded on trade
     date with no corresponding interest income.

<PAGE> 105






<TABLE>



                                               Three Months Ended
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           June 30, 2007                        March 31, 2007                       December 31, 2006
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------

    Average    Revenue/   Yield/         Average    Revenue/    Yield/         Average    Revenue/    Yield/
    Balance   Expense(1)   Rate          Balance   Expense(1)    Rate          Balance   Expense(1)    Rate
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------

<S>           <C>            <C>      <C>          <C>            <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>
 $  5,014,231 $  60,176      4.85%    $  4,802,768 $  57,595      4.86%       $ 4,745,619  $56,264     4.69%
      354,956     4,681      5.81          322,202     4,802      6.09            318,969    4,435     5.52
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
    5,369,187    64,857      4.90        5,124,970    62,397      4.93          5,064,588   60,699     4.74
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
       32,897       481      5.86           29,613       519      7.11             22,668      322     5.64
       67,057       924      5.53           55,674       665      4.84             39,665      546     5.46
   11,338,140   224,492      7.94       10,893,163   213,080      7.93         10,361,841  207,322     7.94
      118,505         -        -           113,379         -        -             108,377        -       -
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
   11,219,635   224,492      8.03       10,779,784   213,080      8.02         10,253,464  207,322     8.02
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
   16,688,776   290,754      7.00       15,990,041   276,661      7.02         15,380,385  268,889     6.93
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
    1,940,686                            1,949,917                              2,158,647
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
 $ 18,629,462                         $ 17,939,958                            $17,539,032
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------


 $  6,414,014 $  48,242      3.02%    $  6,100,117 $  46,367      3.08%       $ 5,768,216  $43,411     2.99%
      158,718       377      0.95          143,101       364      1.03            139,796      365     1.04
    4,507,053    53,440      4.76        4,420,390    51,141      4.69          4,417,427   51,781     4.65
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
   11,079,785   102,059      3.69       10,663,608    97,872      3.72         10,325,439   95,557     3.67
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
    2,627,230    33,129      5.06        2,640,485    33,565      5.16          2,584,354   33,736     5.18
      866,096    11,760      5.45          668,078     9,098      5.52            586,743    8,128     5.50
      410,883     6,824      6.66          297,806     5,203      7.09            298,427    5,225     6.95
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
   14,983,994   153,772      4.12       14,269,977   145,738      4.14         13,794,963  142,646     4.10
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
    1,295,930                            1,397,874                              1,481,455
      558,792                              530,659                                566,128
    1,790,746                            1,741,448                              1,696,486
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
 $ 18,629,462                         $ 17,939,958                            $17,539,032
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------

               $136,982     2.88%                    $130,923     2.88%                   $126,243     2.83%
                            3.31                                  3.32                                 3.25
                  2,069                                2,085                                 1,965
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                134,913                              128,838                               124,278
                  7,820                                6,500                                 5,953
                 90,171                               91,789                                93,723
                134,131                              132,111                               133,991
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                 83,133                               82,016                                78,057
                 29,270                               29,223                                27,472
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
              $  53,863                              $52,793                               $50,585
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------



                  $0.80                                 $0.79                                 $0.76
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                  $0.80                                 $0.78                                 $0.75
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 106

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.


ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

As of the end of the period  covered by this report and  pursuant to Rule 13a-15
of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the  "Exchange  Act"),  the  Company's
management,  including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial  Officer,
conducted  an  evaluation  of the  effectiveness  and  design  of the  Company's
disclosure  controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules  13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act).  Based upon that  evaluation,  the Company's
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded,  as of the end of
the period covered by this report,  that the Company's  disclosure  controls and
procedures  were effective in recording,  processing,  summarizing and reporting
information  required to be disclosed  by the  Company,  within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

In addition and as of the end of the period  covered by this report,  there have
been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f),  as amended,  of the Exchange Act) during the Company's
fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting.

The Report of  Management on Financial  Statements  and  Management's  Report on
Internal  Control over  Financial  Reporting  appear  within Item 8,  "Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data." The independent registered public accounting
firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has audited the financial statements included in Item 8
and has issued an audit report on the Company's  internal control over financial
reporting, which appears therein.


ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION

None.

<PAGE> 107

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information set forth under the headings "Election of Directors," "Executive
Officers,  "Insider Reporting," "Director  Nominations," and "Risk Oversight and
Audit  Committee" in BOK Financial's 2008 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference.

The Company has a Code of Ethics which is applicable to all Directors,  officers
and  employees of the Company,  including  the Chief  Executive  Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, the principal executive officer and principal financial
and  accounting  officer,  respectively.  A copy of the Code of  Ethics  will be
provided  without  charge  to any  person  who  requests  it by  writing  to the
Company's headquarters at Bank of Oklahoma Tower, P.O. Box 2300, Tulsa, Oklahoma
74192 or telephoning the Chief Auditor at (918) 588-6000.  The Company will also
make  available  amendments to or waivers from its Code of Ethics  applicable to
Directors or executive  officers,  including the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

There are no material  changes to the procedures by which  security  holders may
recommend  nominees to the Company's board of directors since the Company's 2007
Annual Proxy Statement to Shareholders.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The  information  set  forth  under the  heading  "Compensation  Discussion  and
Analysis,"   "Compensation  Committee  Interlocks  and  Insider  Participation,"
Compensation  Committee Report," "Executive  Compensation Tables," and "Director
Compensation"  in BOK  Financial's  2008 Annual Proxy  Statement is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The  information  set forth under the  headings  "Security  Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Election of Directors" in BOK Financial's
2008 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM  13.  CERTAIN   RELATIONSHIPS  AND  RELATED   TRANSACTIONS,   AND  DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE

Information  regarding  related parties is set forth in Note 14 of the Company's
Notes to Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  which appears  elsewhere  herein.
Additionally,   the   information   set  forth   under  the   heading   "Certain
Transactions," "Director Independence" and "Related Party Transaction Review and
Approval Process" in BOK Financial's 2008 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The  information  set forth under the  heading  "Principal  Accountant  Fees and
Services" in BOK Financial's 2008 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated  herein
by reference.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) (1)       Financial Statements

The following  financial  statements of BOK Financial  Corporation  are filed as
part of this Form 10-K in Item 8:

     Consolidated  Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2007,
          2006 and 2005

     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2007 and 2006

     Consolidated  Statements  of Cash Flows for the years  ended  December  31,
          2007, 2006 and 2005

     Consolidated  Statements of Changes in  Shareholders'  Equity for the years
          ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

     Annual Financial Summary - Unaudited

     Quarterly Financial Summary - Unaudited

     Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

<PAGE> 108


(a) (2)       Financial Statement Schedules

The schedules to the consolidated  financial  statements  required by Regulation
S-X are not required under the related  instructions or are inapplicable and are
therefore omitted.

 (a) (3)      Exhibits

      Exhibit Number            Description of Exhibit

     3.0  The  Articles  of  Incorporation  of BOK  Financial,  incorporated  by
          reference to (i) Amended and Restated  Certificate of Incorporation of
          BOK  Financial  filed with the Oklahoma  Secretary of State on May 28,
          1991, filed as Exhibit 3.0 to S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450,
          and (ii) Amendment attached as Exhibit A to Information  Statement and
          Prospectus Supplement filed November 20, 1991.

     3.1  Bylaws of BOK Financial,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of
          S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     3.1(a) Bylaws of BOK  Financial,  as amended and restated as of October 30,
          2007,  incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on
          November 5, 2007.

     4.0  The rights of the holders of the Common Stock and  Preferred  Stock of
          BOK Financial are set forth in its Certificate of Incorporation.

     10.0 Purchase  and  Sale  Agreement  dated  October  25,  1990,  among  BOK
          Financial,  Kaiser, and the FDIC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          2.0 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.1 Amendment to Purchase  and Sale  Agreement  effective  March 29, 1991,
          among BOK Financial,  Kaiser, and the FDIC,  incorporated by reference
          to Exhibit 2.2 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450

     10.2 Letter  agreement dated April 12, 1991,  among BOK Financial,  Kaiser,
          and  the  FDIC,  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  2.3  of S-1
          Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.3 Second  Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement  effective  April 15,
          1991,  among BOK  Financial,  Kaiser,  and the FDIC,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 2.4 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.4 Employment and Compensation Agreements.

     10.4(a) Employment Agreement between BOK Financial and Stanley A. Lybarger,
          incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.4(a) of Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 1991.

     10.4(b) Amendment to 1991  Employment  Agreement  between BOK Financial and
          Stanley A. Lybarger,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4(b) of
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.

     10.4(c) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement (Amended as of
          September  1, 2003)  between  Stanley A.  Lybarger  and BOK  Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.4 (c) of Form
          10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003.

     10.4 (d) 409A Deferred  Compensation  Agreement between Stanley A. Lybarger
          and BOK Financial Corporation dated December 31, 2004, incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4 (d) of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4 (e) Guaranty by George B. Kaiser in favor of Stanley A. Lybarger dated
          March 7, 2005,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4 (e) of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4 (f) Third  Amendment to 1991 Employment  Agreement  between Stanley A.
          Lybarger and Bank of Oklahoma,  National Association,  incorporated by
          reference  to Exhibit  10.4 (f) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          December 31, 2006.

     10.4.1(a)  Employee  Agreement  between BOK  Financial and V. Burns Hargis,
          incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit  10.4.1(a) of Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

     10.4.1(b)  Amendment to Employee  Agreement  between BOK  Financial  and V.
          Burns Hargis,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.4.1(b) of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

     10.4.2 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation  Agreement (Amended as of
          December  1,  2003)  between  Steven  G.  Bradshaw  and BOK  Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.2 of Form 10-K
          for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

<PAGE> 109

     10.4.2 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation  Agreement between Steven G. Bradshaw
          and BOK Financial Corporation dated December 31, 2004, incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.2 (a) of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4.2 (b)  Employment  Agreement  between  BOK  Financial  and  Steven  G.
          Bradshaw  dated  September  29,  2003,  incorporated  by  reference to
          Exhibit 10.4.2 (b) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
          2004.

     10.4.3 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation  Agreement (Amended as of
          December 1, 2003) between  William  Jeffrey  Pickryl and BOK Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.3 of Form 10-K
          for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

     10.4.3 (a) 409A Deferred  Compensation  Agreement  between  William Jeffrey
          Pickryl  and  BOK  Financial  Corporation  dated  December  31,  2004,
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.4.3 (a) of Form 8-K filed on
          January 5, 2005.

     10.4.3 (b)  Employment  Agreement  between  BOK  Financial  and W.  Jeffrey
          Pickryl dated September 29, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          10.4.3 (b) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4.3 (c) Amendment to Employment  Agreement  between BOK Financial and W.
          Jeffrey  Pickryl dated August 30, 2004,  incorporated  by reference to
          Exhibit 10.4.3 (c) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
          2004.

     10.4.3 (d) Supplemental  Executive Income Agreement dated December 20, 2005
          between W. Jeffrey Pickryl and BOK Financial Corporation, incorporated
          by reference to Exhibit 99 (a) of Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2005.

     10.4.3 (e)  Amendment  to  Employment  Agreement  dated  November  27, 2007
          between BOK Financial Corporation and W. Jeffrey Pickryl, incorporated
          by reference to Exhibit 99 (a) of Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2007.

     10.4.4 Amended and Restated  Employment  Agreement  (Amended as of June 14,
          2002)  among  First  National  Bank  of  Park  Cities,  BOK  Financial
          Corporation  and C. Fred  Ball,  Jr.,  incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit  10.4.4 of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,
          2003.

     10.4.5 409A Deferred  Compensation  Agreement between Daniel H. Ellinor and
          BOK Financial  Corporation  dated December 31, 2004,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.5 of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4.5 (a)  Employment  Agreement  between BOK Financial and Dan H. Ellinor
          dated August 29, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.5 (a)
          of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4.5 (b) Deferred Compensation  Agreement dated November 28, 2003 between
          Daniel H.  Ellinor  and BOK  Financial  Corporation,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.5 (b) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          December 31, 2004.

     10.4.6 409A Deferred  Compensation  Agreement between Mark W. Funke and BOK
          Financial  Corporation  dated  December  31,  2004,   incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.6 of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4.6 (a) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement (Amended as
          of  December  1,  2003)  between  Mark  W.  Funke  and  BOK  Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4.6 (a) of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4.7 409A Deferred Compensation  Agreement between Steven E. Nell and BOK
          Financial  Corporation  dated  December  31,  2004,   incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.7 of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4.7 (a) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement (Amended as
          of  December  1,  2003)  between  Steven  E.  Nell  and BOK  Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4.7 (a) of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4.8 Employment  Agreement  dated  August 1, 2005  between BOK  Financial
          Corporation and Donald T. Parker, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          99 (a) of Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2006.

<PAGE> 110

     10.5 Director  indemnification  agreement dated June 30, 1987,  between BOk
          and  Kaiser,   incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.5  of  S-1
          Registration  Statement No. 33-90450.  Substantially  similar director
          indemnification   agreements   were  executed   between  BOk  and  the
          following:

                                              Date of Agreement

               James E. Barnes                  June 30, 1987
               William H. Bell                  June 30, 1987
               James S. Boese                   June 30, 1987
               Dennis L. Brand                  June 30, 1987
               Chester E. Cadieux               June 30, 1987
               William B. Cleary                June 30, 1987
               Glenn A. Cox                     June 30, 1987
               William E. Durrett               June 30, 1987
               Leonard J. Eaton, Jr.            June 30, 1987
               William B. Fader                 December 5, 1990
               Gregory J. Flanagan              June 30, 1987
               Jerry L. Goodman                 June 30, 1987
               David A. Hentschel               July 7, 1987
               Philip N. Hughes                 July 8, 1987
               Thomas J. Hughes, III            June 30, 1987
               William G. Kerr                  June 30, 1987
               Philip C. Lauinger, Jr.          June 30, 1987
               Stanley A. Lybarger              December 5, 1990
               Patricia McGee Maino             June 30, 1987
               Robert L. Parker, Sr.            June 30, 1987
               James A. Robinson                June 30, 1987
               William P. Sweich                June 30, 1987

     10.6 Capitalization  and  Stock  Purchase  Agreement  dated  May 20,  1991,
          between BOK Financial and Kaiser, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          10.6 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.7.3 BOK Financial  Corporation  1994 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 33-79834.

     10.7.4 BOK  Financial  Corporation  1994 Stock  Option Plan  (Typographical
          Error  Corrected  January 16,  1995),  incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit  10.7.4 of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,
          1994.

     10.7.5 BOK Financial  Corporation  1997 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-32649.

     10.7.6 BOK Financial  Corporation  2000 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-93957.

     10.7.7 BOK Financial  Corporation  2001 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-62578.

     10.7.8  BOK  Financial  Corporation  Directors'  Stock  Compensation  Plan,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement
          No. 33-79836.

     10.7.9 Bank of Oklahoma  Thrift Plan (Amended and Restated  Effective as of
          January 1, 1995),  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.6 of Form
          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994.

     10.7.10 Trust  Agreement for the Bank of Oklahoma Thrift Plan (December 30,
          1994),  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.7.7 of Form 10-K for
          the year ended December 31, 1994.

     10.7.11 BOK Financial  Corporation 2003 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-106531.

     10.7.12  BOK  Financial   Corporation   2003  Executive   Incentive   Plan,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement
          No. 333-106530.

     10.8 Lease  Agreement  between One Williams Center Co. and National Bank of
          Tulsa  (predecessor  to BOk)  dated  June 18,  1974,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.9 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.9 Lease  Agreement  between  Security  Capital  Real Estate Fund and BOk
          dated January 1, 1988,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of
          S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

<PAGE> 111

     10.10 Asset  Purchase  Agreement  (OREO and other  assets)  between BOk and
          Phi-Lea-Em Corporation dated April 30, 1991, incorporated by reference
          to Exhibit 10.11 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.11 Asset Purchase  Agreement (Tanker Assets) between BOk and Green River
          Exploration Company dated April 30, 1991, incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.12 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.12 Asset Purchase  Agreement  (Recovery  Rights)  between BOk and Kaiser
          dated April 30, 1991,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.13 of
          S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.13 Purchase and  Assumption  Agreement  dated August 7, 1992 among First
          Gibraltar Bank, FSB, Fourth Financial Corporation and BOk, as amended,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.13.1  Allocation  Agreement  dated August 7, 1992 between BOk and Fourth
          Financial Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.1 of
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.14 Merger Agreement among BOK Financial,  BOKF Merger Corporation Number
          Two,  Brookside  Bancshares,   Inc.,  The  Shareholders  of  Brookside
          Bancshares,  Inc. and Brookside State Bank dated December 22, 1992, as
          amended,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.14.1  Agreement  to Merge  between  BOk and  Brookside  State Bank dated
          January 27, 1993, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.1 of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.15 Merger Agreement among BOK Financial,  BOKF Merger Corporation Number
          Three, Sand Springs Bancshares, Inc., The Shareholders of Sand Springs
          Bancshares,  Inc. and Sand Springs State Bank dated December 22, 1992,
          as amended,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.16 of Form 10-K
          for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.15.1  Agreement to Merge  between BOk and Sand Springs  State Bank dated
          January 27, 1993, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.1 of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.16 Partnership  Agreement  between  Kaiser-Francis  Oil  Company and BOK
          Financial dated December 1, 1992, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          10.16 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

     10.16.1 Amendment  to  Partnership  Agreement  between  Kaiser-Francis  Oil
          Company  and  BOK  Financial  dated  May  17,  1993,  incorporated  by
          reference  to Exhibit  10.16.1 of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended
          December 31, 1993.

     10.17 Purchase and Assumption  Agreement between BOk and FDIC,  Receiver of
          Heartland  Federal Savings and Loan Association dated October 9, 1993,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1993.

     10.18 Merger  Agreement among BOk, Plaza National Bank and The Shareholders
          of Plaza  National  Bank dated  December  20,  1993,  incorporated  by
          reference  to  Exhibit  10.18 of Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year ended
          December 31, 1993.

     10.18.1 Amendment to Merger  Agreement  among BOk,  Plaza National Bank and
          The  Shareholders  of Plaza  National  Bank dated  January  14,  1994,
          incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.18.1 of Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

     10.19 Stock  Purchase  Agreement  between  Texas  Commerce  Bank,  National
          Association and BOk dated March 11, 1994, incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit  10.19 of Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year ended  December  31,
          1993.

     10.20 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation Number Four, Citizens Holding Company and others dated May
          11, 1994,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

     10.21 Stock Purchase and Merger Agreement among Northwest Bank of Enid, BOk
          and The Shareholders of Northwest Bank of Enid effective as of May 16,
          1994,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

     10.22 Agreement  and Plan of Merger among BOK Financial  Corporation,  BOKF
          Merger Corporation Number Five and Park Cities Bancshares,  Inc. dated
          October  3,  1996,  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  C of S-4
          Registration Statement No. 333-16337.

<PAGE> 112

     10.23 Agreement  and Plan of Merger  among BOK  Financial  Corporation  and
          First  TexCorp.,   Inc.  dated  December  18,  1996,  incorporated  by
          reference  to  Exhibit  10.24  of  S-4   Registration   Statement  No.
          333-16337.

     10.24 Purchase and Assumption  Agreement  between Bank of America  National
          Trust and Savings Association and BOK Financial Corporation dated July
          27, 1998.

     10.25 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation  No.  Seven,  First  Bancshares of Muskogee,  Inc.,  First
          National Bank and Trust Company of Muskogee,  and Certain Shareholders
          of First Bancshares of Muskogee, Inc. dated December 30, 1998.

     10.26 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation Number Nine, and Chaparral Bancshares, Inc. dated February
          19, 1999.

     10.27 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   Park  Cities
          Bancshares,  Inc., Mid-Cities Bancshares, Inc. and Mid-Cities National
          Bank dated February 24, 1999.

     10.28 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   Park  Cities
          Bancshares,  Inc., PC Interim State Bank,  Swiss Avenue State Bank and
          Certain Shareholders of Swiss Avenue State Bank dated March 4, 1999.

     10.29 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   Park  Cities
          Bancshares,  Inc.  and CNBT  Bancshares,  Inc.  dated August 18, 2000,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 2000.

     10.30 Merger Agreement among BOK Financial Corporation, Bank of Tanglewood,
          N.A.  and TW Interim  Bank dated  October 25,  2002,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 2.0 of S-4 Registration Statement No. 333-98685.

     10.31 Remote Outsourcing Services Agreement between Bank of Oklahoma,  N.A.
          and  Alltel  Information  Services,  Inc.,  dated  September  1, 2002,
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.30 of the September 30, 2002
          10-Q filed on November 13, 2002.

     10.32 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation  Number Eleven,  Colorado Funding Company,  Colorado State
          Bank and Trust and Certain  Shareholders  of Colorado  Funding Company
          dated July 8, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

     10.33 Merger  Agreement  between  BOK  Financial  Corporation,  BOKF Merger
          Corporation  Number Eight,  Valley  Commerce Bank, and Valley Commerce
          Bancorp,  Ltd. dated December 20, 2004,  incorporated  by reference to
          Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2004.

     10.34 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation  Number  Twelve,  Worth  Bancorporation,  Inc.,  and Worth
          National  Bank  dated  March 9, 2007,  incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2007.

     10.35 Stock Purchase Agreement among BOK Financial Corporation,  BOKF Stock
          Corporation  Number  Thirteen,  United Banks of Colorado,  Inc., First
          United Bank, NA and Baltz Family  Partners,  Ltd.  dated May 23, 2007,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed on May
          24, 2007.

     21.0 Subsidiaries of BOK Financial, filed herewith.

     23.0 Consent of independent  registered  public  accounting  firm - Ernst &
          Young LLP, filed herewith.

     31.1 Certification  of Chief Executive  Officer  Pursuant to Section 302 of
          the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

     31.2 Certification  of Chief Financial  Officer  Pursuant to Section 302 of
          the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

     32   Certification of Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial  Officer
          Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906
          of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

     99.0 Additional Exhibits.

     99   (a) Credit  Agreement  dated  December 2, 2005  between BOK  Financial
          Corporation and  participating  lenders,  incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 99 (a) of Form 8-K filed December 6, 2005.

<PAGE> 113

     99.1 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  33-44121  for Bank of  Oklahoma  Master  Thrift  Plan and  Trust,
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1993.

     99.5 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  33-79834 for BOK  Financial  Corporation  1994 Stock Option Plan,
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1994.

     99.6 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.   33-79836  for  BOK  Financial   Corporation   Directors'   Stock
          Compensation  Plan,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

     99.7 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  333-32649 for BOK Financial  Corporation  1997 Stock Option Plan,
          Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.7 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1997.

     99.8 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  333-93957 for BOK Financial  Corporation  2000 Stock Option Plan,
          Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.8 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1999.

     99.9 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  333-40280  for BOK Financial  Corporation  Thrift Plan for Hourly
          Employees,  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.9 of Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.


(b)           Exhibits

              See Item 15 (a) (3) above.


(c)           Financial Statement Schedules

              See Item 15 (a) (2) above.

<PAGE> 114

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                              BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION




DATE:    February 29, 2008         BY:   /s/ George B. Kaiser
       ------------------------        --------------------------------------
                                        George B. Kaiser
                                        Chairman of the Board of Directors

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below on February 29, 2008, by the  following  persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.

                                    OFFICERS



/s/  George B. Kaiser                      /s/  Stanley A. Lybarger
---------------------------------------    ------------------------------------
George B. Kaiser                           Stanley A. Lybarger
Chairman of the Board of Directors         Director, President and Chief
                                           Executive Officer



/s/ Steven E. Nell                         /s/  John C. Morrow
---------------------------------------    ------------------------------------
Steven E. Nell                             John C. Morrow
Executive Vice President and               Senior Vice President and Director of
Chief Financial Officer                    Financial Accounting and Reporting


                                    DIRECTORS


/s/ Gregory S. Allen                      /s/ V. Burns Hargis
--------------------------------------    -------------------------------------
Gregory S. Allen                          V. Burns Hargis


                                          /s/ E. Carey Joullian, IV
--------------------------------------    -------------------------------------
C. Fred Ball, Jr.                         E. Carey Joullian, IV


/s/ Sharon J. Bell
--------------------------------------    -------------------------------------
Sharon J. Bell                            Judith Z. Kishner


/s/ Peter C. Boylan, III                  /s/ Thomas L. Kivisto
--------------------------------------    -------------------------------------
Peter C. Boylan, III                      Thomas L. Kivisto


/s/ Chester Cadieux, III                  /s/ Robert J. LaFortune
--------------------------------------    -------------------------------------
Chester Cadieux, III                      Robert J. LaFortune


/s/ Joseph W. Craft, III                  /s/ Steven J. Malcolm
--------------------------------------    -------------------------------------
Joseph W. Craft, III                      Steven J. Malcolm



--------------------------------------    -------------------------------------
William E. Durrett                        Paula Marshall


/s/ David F. Griffin
--------------------------------------
David F. Griffin

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
