<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>bbs10-k03.txt
<TEXT>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003
                         Commission File Number 0-21886

                         BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                    Maryland                              52-0812977
         (State or other jurisdiction of                 (IRS Employer
         incorporation or organization)               Identification No.)

             4724 SW Macadam Avenue
                Portland, Oregon                             97239
    (Address of principal executive offices)              (Zip Code)

                                 (503) 220-0988
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                     Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share
                                (Title of class)

      Indicate by check mark whether the  Registrant:  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No __

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.

      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an accelerated  filer (as
indicated by Exchange Act Rule 12 b-2). Yes _ No X

      State  the   aggregate   market  value  of  the  common   equity  held  by
non-affiliates of the Registrant: $7,360,437 at June 30, 2003.

      Indicate  the  number of shares  outstanding  of each of the  Registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:

             Class                          Outstanding at February 27, 2004
Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share              5,705,050 Shares

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

      Portions of the definitive  Proxy Statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders are hereby incorporated by reference into Part III of Form 10-K.


<PAGE>

                         BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
                         2003 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                     PART I                                 Page

Item 1.    Business                                                            2

Item 2.    Properties                                                         11

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings                                                  11

Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                12

           Executive Officers of the Registrant                               12

                                     PART II

Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder      13
           Matters

Item 6.    Selected Financial Data                                            14

Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
           Results of Operations                                              15

Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk         25

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                        25

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
           Financial Disclosure                                               25

Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures                                            26

                                    PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                 27

Item 11.   Executive Compensation                                             27

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
           and Related Stockholder Matters                                    27

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                     28

Item 14.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services                             28

                                     PART IV

Item 15.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K   29

Financial Statements                                                         F-1

Signatures

Exhibit Index

                                      -1-

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Item 1.  BUSINESS

General
         Barrett  Business  Services,  Inc.  ("Barrett" or the  "Company"),  was
incorporated  in the state of  Maryland  in 1965.  Barrett  is a  leading  human
resource  management  company.  The Company  provides  comprehensive  outsourced
solutions   addressing  the  costs  and   complexities   of  a  broad  array  of
employment-related  issues for businesses of all sizes. Employers are faced with
increasing  complexities in employment laws and regulations,  employee  benefits
and  administration,  federal,  state  and  local  payroll  tax  compliance  and
mandatory  workers'  compensation  coverage,  as  well  as the  recruitment  and
retention  of quality  employees.  The Company  believes  that  outsourcing  the
management of various  employer and human resource  responsibilities,  which are
typically considered non-core functions, enables organizations to focus on their
core competencies, thereby improving operating efficiencies.

         Barrett's range of services and expertise in human resource  management
encompasses five major  categories:  payroll  processing,  employee benefits and
administration,  workers' compensation  coverage,  effective risk management and
workplace safety  programs,  and human resource  administration,  which includes
functions such as recruiting,  interviewing,  drug testing,  hiring,  placement,
training  and  regulatory  compliance.  These  services are  typically  provided
through a variety of contractual  arrangements,  as part of either a traditional
staffing  service  or a  professional  employer  organization  ("PEO")  service.
Staffing  services  include  on-demand  or  short-term   staffing   assignments,
long-term  or  indefinite-term  contract  staffing,  and  comprehensive  on-site
personnel management responsibilities.  In a PEO arrangement, the Company enters
into a  contract  to  become a  co-employer  of the  client  company's  existing
workforce  and  assumes  responsibility  for some or all of the  human  resource
management  responsibilities.  The Company's  target PEO clients  typically have
limited  resources  available to effectively  manage these matters.  The Company
believes  that its  ability  to offer  clients a broad mix of  staffing  and PEO
services differentiates it from its competitors and benefits its clients through
(i) lower  recruiting  and personnel  administration  costs,  (ii)  decreases in
payroll expenses due to lower workers'  compensation and health insurance costs,
(iii)  improvements  in  workplace  safety  and  employee  benefits,  (iv) lower
employee  turnover  and (v)  reductions  in  management  resources  expended  in
employment-related  regulatory compliance. For 2003, Barrett's staffing services
revenues  represented  76.2% of total net  revenues,  compared  to 23.8% for PEO
services revenues, as compared to 88.5% and 11.5%, respectively, for 2002.

         Barrett provides  services to a diverse array of customers,  including,
among others, electronics manufacturers, various light-manufacturing industries,
forest products and  agriculture-based  companies,  transportation  and shipping
enterprises,  food processing,  telecommunications,  public  utilities,  general
contractors  in numerous  construction-related  fields and various  professional
services  firms.   During  2003,  the  Company  provided  staffing  services  to
approximately  2,700 customers,  down from 2,900 in 2002. Although a majority of
the Company's staffing customers are small to mid-sized businesses,  during 2003
approximately 30 of the Company's customers each utilized Barrett employees in a
number  ranging from at least 200 employees to as many as 975 employees  through
various staffing services arrangements.  In addition,  Barrett had approximately
500 PEO clients at December 31,  2003,  compared to 300 at December 31, 2002 and
Barrett  employed  approximately  11,800  and 3,100  employees  pursuant  to PEO
contracts  at December  31,  2003 and 2002,  respectively.  The  increase in the
number  of PEO  customers  during  2003  was  primarily  due to  PEO  growth  in
California  attributable to the business opportunities  available to the Company
as  a  qualified   self-insured  employer  for  workers'  compensation  coverage
resulting from adverse market conditions for workers' compensation  insurance in
the state.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

         The  Company  operates  through  a  network  of 28  branch  offices  in
Washington,  Oregon, Idaho, California,  Arizona,  Maryland,  Delaware and North
Carolina.  Barrett also has several  smaller  recruiting  offices in its general
market areas under the direction of a branch office.

         See Part II,  Item 7, under the heading  "Forward-Looking  Information"
for a  discussion  of risks and  other  factors  that may  cause  the  Company's
operating  results  or  financial  condition  to vary  significantly  from those
implied by statements in this Item or in Item 7 that are forward-looking  rather
than  historical  in  nature.   Additional   specific  risks  are  discussed  in
conjunction with forward-looking statements included in this Item and in Item 7.

Operating Strategies
         The  Company's  principal  operating  strategies  are to:  (i)  provide
effective human resource management services through a blend of staffing and PEO
arrangements,  (ii) promote a decentralized and autonomous management philosophy
and structure,  (iii) leverage branch office  economies of scale,  (iv) motivate
employees  through regular profit sharing and (v) control workers'  compensation
costs through effective risk management.

Growth Strategies
         The  Company's   principal  growth  strategies  are  to:  (i)  support,
strengthen  and  expand  branch  office  operations,   (ii)  enhance  management
information systems to support continued growth and to improve customer services
and  (iii)  expand  through  selective  acquisitions  of human  resource-related
businesses in new and existing geographic markets.

Acquisitions
         The Company  reviews  acquisition  opportunities  on a periodic  basis.
While growth through  acquisition has  historically  been a major element of the
Company's  overall  strategic  growth plan,  there can be no assurance  that any
additional acquisitions will be completed in the foreseeable future, or that any
future  acquisitions  will have a positive effect on the Company's  performance.
Acquisitions  involve a number of potential  risks,  including  the diversion of
management's  attention to the  assimilation  of the operations and personnel of
the acquired  companies,  exposure to workers'  compensation  and other costs in
differing regulatory  environments,  adverse short-term effects on the Company's
operating  results and  operational  challenges  arising out of  integration  of
management information systems.

         Effective  January 1, 2004,  the  Company  acquired  certain  assets of
Skills Resource Training Center ("SRTC"),  a staffing services company with nine
offices in Central  Washington,  Eastern Oregon and Southern Idaho.  The Company
paid  $3,000,000  in cash for the assets of SRTC and the  selling  shareholders'
noncompete  agreements  and agreed to issue up to  135,731  shares of its common
stock ("Earnout Shares"),  with the actual number of Earnout Shares to be issued
based  upon the level of  financial  performance  achieved  by the SRTC  offices
during calendar 2004.

The Company's Services
         Overview of Services. Barrett's services are typically provided through
a variety of contractual arrangements,  as part of either a traditional staffing
service  or a  PEO  service.  These  contractual  arrangements  also  provide  a
continuum of human resource  management  services.  While some services are more
frequently  associated with Barrett's  co-employer  arrangements,  the Company's
expertise  in such areas as safety  services  and  personnel-related  regulatory
compliance may also be utilized by its staffing  services  customers through the
Company's human resource  management  services.  The Company's range of services
and expertise in human resource management encompasses five major categories:

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

         o    Payroll  Processing.  For both the Company's staffing services and
              PEO employees,  the Company performs all functions associated with
              payroll   administration,   including   preparing  and  delivering
              paychecks,  computing  tax  withholding  and  payroll  deductions,
              handling  garnishments,  computing  vacation  and  sick  pay,  and
              preparing W-2 forms and  accounting  reports  through  centralized
              operations at its headquarters in Portland, Oregon.

         o    Employee  Benefits  and  Administration.  As a result of its size,
              Barrett is able to offer employee benefits which are typically not
              available  at  an  affordable  cost  to  many  of  its  customers,
              particularly  those with fewer than 100 employees.  These benefits
              include  health care  insurance,  a 401(k) savings plan, a Section
              125  cafeteria  plan,  life and  disability  insurance  and claims
              administration.

         o    Safety  Services.  Barrett  offers  safety  services  to both  its
              staffing  services and PEO customers in keeping with its corporate
              philosophy  of "making  the  workplace  safer." The Company has at
              least one risk manager  available at each branch office to perform
              workplace  safety  assessments  for each of its  customers  and to
              recommend  actions  to achieve  safer  operations.  The  Company's
              services  include  safety  training  and safety  manuals  for both
              workers   and   supervisors,   job-site   visits   and   meetings,
              improvements  in  workplace  procedures  and  equipment to further
              reduce  the risk of  injury,  compliance  with OSHA  requirements,
              environmental  regulations,   workplace  regulation  by  the  U.S.
              Department   of   Labor   and   state    agencies   and   accident
              investigations.   As  discussed   under   "Self-Insured   Workers'
              Compensation   Program"  below,   the  Company  also  pays  safety
              incentives to its customers who achieve  improvements in workplace
              safety.

         o    Workers'  Compensation  Coverage.  Beginning in 1987,  the Company
              obtained  self-insured  employer status for workers'  compensation
              coverage  in Oregon  and is  currently  a  qualified  self-insured
              employer  in many of the  states in which it  operates,  including
              California  beginning  in March,  1995.  Through  its  third-party
              administrators, Barrett provides claims management services to its
              PEO  customers.   As  discussed   under   "Self-Insured   Workers'
              Compensation  Program"  below,  the Company works  aggressively at
              managing  job  injury  claims,  including  identifying  fraudulent
              claims and  utilizing its staffing  services to return  workers to
              active  employment  earlier.  As a result of its efforts to manage
              workers'  compensation  costs, the Company is often able to reduce
              its clients' overall expenses arising out of job-related  injuries
              and insurance.

         o    Human  Resource  Administration.  Barrett  offers its  clients the
              opportunity    to   leverage   the    Company's    experience   in
              personnel-related  regulatory  compliance.  For both its  staffing
              services  employees  and PEO  clients,  the  Company  handles  the
              burdens of advertising,  recruitment,  skills testing,  evaluating
              job  applications  and references,  drug  screening,  criminal and
              motor vehicle records  reviews,  hiring,  and compliance with such
              employment  regulatory  areas as  immigration,  the Americans with
              Disabilities Act, and federal and state labor regulations.

         Staffing  Services.  Barrett's  staffing  services include on-demand or
short-term staffing assignments, contract staffing, long-term or indefinite-term
on-site  management  and  human  resource  administration.  Short-term  staffing
involves employee demands caused by such factors as seasonality, fluctuations in
customer  demand,  vacations,  illnesses,  parental leave,  and special projects
without  incurring  the  ongoing  expense  and  administrative  responsibilities
associated with recruiting, hiring and retaining additional permanent employees.

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

As more and more  companies  focus on  effectively  managing  variable costs and
reducing fixed overhead, the use of employees on a short-term basis allows firms
to utilize  the  "just-in-time"  approach  for their  personnel  needs,  thereby
converting a portion of their fixed personnel costs to a variable expense.

         Contract  staffing  refers to the  Company's  responsibilities  for the
placement of employees  for a period of more than three months or an  indefinite
period. This type of arrangement often involves outsourcing an entire department
in a large corporation or providing the workforce for a large project.

         In an on-site  management  arrangement,  Barrett  places an experienced
manager on site at a customer's  place of business.  The manager is  responsible
for conducting all  recruiting,  screening,  interviewing,  testing,  hiring and
employee  placement  functions  at the  customer's  facility  for a long-term or
indefinite period.

         The Company's  staffing services  customers operate in a broad range of
businesses,   including   forest  products  and   agriculture-based   companies,
electronic   manufacturers,   transportation   and  shipping   companies,   food
processors,  professional  firms and  construction  contractors.  Such customers
range in size from small local firms to companies with international operations,
which use Barrett's services on a domestic basis. None of the Company's staffing
services  customers  individually  accounted  for more than 4% of its total 2003
revenues.

         In 2003, the light industrial sector generated approximately 75% of the
Company's staffing services revenues,  while clerical office staff accounted for
19% of such  revenues and  technical  personnel  represented  the balance of 6%.
Light industrial workers in the Company's employ perform such tasks as operation
of machinery, manufacturing,  loading and shipping, site preparation for special
events,  construction-site cleanup and janitorial services.  Technical personnel
include  electronic  parts  assembly  workers  and  designers  and  drafters  of
electronic parts.

         Barrett emphasizes prompt,  personalized  service in assigning quality,
trained,  drug-free  personnel at  competitive  rates to its  staffing  services
customers.  The Company uses internally developed computer databases of employee
skills and  availability  at each of its branches to match  customer  needs with
available  qualified  employees.  The Company  emphasizes the  development of an
understanding  of the  unique  requirements  of  its  clientele  by its  account
managers.  Customers are offered a "money-back"  guarantee if dissatisfied  with
staffing employees placed by Barrett.

         The Company utilizes a variety of methods to recruit its work force for
staffing  services,  including  among others,  referrals by existing  employees,
newspaper  advertising  and  marketing  brochures  distributed  at colleges  and
vocational  schools.  The employee  application  process  includes an interview,
skills  assessment  test,  reference   verification  and  drug  screening.   The
recruiting of qualified  employees  requires more effort when unemployment rates
are  low.  In   mid-2000,   the  Company   implemented   a  new,   comprehensive
pre-employment   screening   test  to  further   ensure  that   applicants   are
appropriately qualified for employment.

         Barrett's  staffing services employees are not under its direct control
while  working  at a  customer's  business.  Barrett  has  not  experienced  any
significant  liability due to claims arising out of negligent acts or misconduct
by its staffing services employees.  The possibility exists,  however, of claims
being  asserted  against the Company  which may exceed the  Company's  liability
insurance coverage,  with a resulting negative effect on the Company's financial
condition.

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

         PEO Services. Many businesses, particularly those with a limited number
of employees,  find personnel  administration  requirements to be unduly complex
and time  consuming.  These  businesses  often  cannot  justify the expense of a
full-time human resource staff. In addition,  the escalating costs of health and
workers'  compensation  insurance in recent  years,  coupled with the  increased
complexity  of laws and  regulations  affecting  the  workplace,  have created a
compelling  opportunity  for small to mid-sized  businesses  to outsource  these
managerial  burdens.  The outsourcing of non-core  business  functions,  such as
human resource administration, enables small enterprises to devote their limited
resources to their core competencies.

         In a PEO services arrangement, Barrett enters into a contract to become
a  co-employer  of the client  company's  existing  workforce.  Pursuant to this
contract,  Barrett assumes  responsibility for some or all of the human resource
management  responsibilities,  including  payroll  and payroll  taxes,  employee
benefits,  health insurance,  workers' compensation  coverage,  workplace safety
programs, compliance with federal and state employment laws, labor and workplace
regulatory requirements and related administrative responsibilities. Barrett has
the  right to hire  and fire its PEO  employees,  although  the  client  company
remains responsible for day-to-day assignments, supervision and training and, in
most cases, recruiting.

         The Company began offering PEO services to Oregon customers in 1990 and
subsequently  expanded these  services to other states.  The Company has entered
into  co-employer  arrangements  with  a  wide  variety  of  clients,  including
companies  involved in moving and shipping,  professional  firms,  construction,
retail,  manufacturing  and distribution  businesses.  PEO clients are typically
small to mid-sized businesses with up to several hundred employees.  None of the
Company's  PEO  clients  individually  accounted  for more  than 3% of its total
annual revenues during 2003.

         Prior to entering into a co-employer arrangement,  the Company performs
an analysis of the potential client's actual personnel and workers' compensation
costs based on  information  provided by the customer.  Barrett  introduces  its
workplace safety program and recommends improvements in procedures and equipment
following a safety  inspection of the customer's  facilities which the potential
client must agree to implement as part of the co-employer  arrangement.  Barrett
also  offers  financial  incentives  to PEO  clients  to  maintain  a  safe-work
environment.

         The Company's standard PEO services agreement provides for services for
an indefinite  term,  until notice of termination is given by either party.  The
agreement  permits  cancellation by either party upon 30 days written notice. In
addition,  the Company may  terminate  the  agreement at any time for  specified
reasons,  including  nonpayment or failure to follow Barrett's  workplace safety
program.

         The form of agreement also provides for  indemnification of the Company
by the client  against losses arising out of any default by the client under the
agreement,  including failure to comply with any employment-related,  health and
safety or  immigration  laws or  regulations.  The Company also requires the PEO
client to maintain comprehensive  liability coverage in the amount of $1 million
for acts of its  work-site  employees.  In  addition,  the  Company  has  excess
liability  insurance  coverage.  Although no claims exceeding such policy limits
have been paid by the Company to date,  the  possibility  exists that claims for
amounts in excess of sums available to the Company  through  indemnification  or
insurance  may be  asserted  in the future,  which  could  adversely  affect the
Company's profitability.

Sales and Marketing
         The Company's marketing efforts are principally focused on branch-level
development of local business  relationships.  On a regional and national level,
efforts are made to expand and align the Company's services to fulfill the needs
of local  customers  with  multiple  locations,  which may include using on-site
Barrett  personnel  and the  opening of  additional  offices  to better  serve a
customer's broader geographic needs.

                                      -6-

<PAGE>


Billing
         Through  centralized   operations  at  the  Company's  headquarters  in
Portland, Oregon, the Company prepares invoices weekly for its staffing services
customers and following the end of each payroll  period for PEO clients.  Health
insurance premiums are passed through to PEO clients. Payment terms for most PEO
clients are due on the invoice date.

Self-Insured Workers' Compensation Program
         A principal service provided by Barrett to its customers,  particularly
its PEO clients, is workers'  compensation  coverage. As the employer of record,
Barrett is responsible for complying with applicable statutory  requirements for
workers' compensation  coverage.  The Company's workplace safety services,  also
described  under "Overview of Services," are closely tied to its approach to the
management of workers' compensation risk.

         Elements of Workers'  Compensation  System. State law (and, for certain
types of employees,  federal law) generally  mandates that an employer reimburse
its  employees  for the costs of medical care and other  specified  benefits for
injuries or illnesses, including catastrophic injuries and fatalities,  incurred
in the  course  and  scope of  employment.  The  benefits  payable  for  various
categories  of  claims  are  determined  by state  regulation  and vary with the
severity  and nature of the injury or illness and other  specified  factors.  In
return for this  guaranteed  protection,  workers'  compensation is an exclusive
remedy and  employees are  generally  precluded  from seeking other damages from
their employer for workplace injuries. Most states require employers to maintain
workers'    compensation    insurance   or   otherwise   demonstrate   financial
responsibility to meet workers' compensation  obligations to employees.  In many
states,  employers  who  meet  certain  financial  and  other  requirements  are
permitted to self-insure.

         Self  Insurance  for Workers'  Compensation.  In August  1987,  Barrett
became a self-insured employer for workers' compensation coverage in Oregon. The
Company  subsequently   obtained   self-insured  employer  status  for  workers'
compensation  in four  additional  states,  Maryland,  Washington,  Delaware and
California.  Regulations governing  self-insured  employers in each jurisdiction
typically  require  the  employer  to maintain  surety  deposits  of  government
securities,  letters of credit or other financial  instruments to cover workers'
claims in the event the employer is unable to pay for such claims.

         To manage its financial  exposure  from the  incidence of  catastrophic
injuries and fatalities,  the Company  maintains  excess  workers'  compensation
insurance pursuant to an annual policy with a major insurance  company.  Through
December 31, 2000, such excess  insurance  included a self-insured  retention or
deductible of $350,000.  For calendar 2001, the Company's self-insured retention
was  $400,000.   Beginning  January  1,  2002,  the  Company's  excess  workers'
compensation insurance policy provided coverage for single occurrences exceeding
$750,000 with statutory  limits.  Effective  January 1, 2004, the per occurrence
retention  increased  to $1 million and the policy  limit was  increased  to $25
million.  The  higher per  occurrence  retention  may result in higher  workers'
compensation  costs to the Company with a  corresponding  negative effect on its
operating results.

         Claims Management.  As a self-insured  employer, the Company's workers'
compensation expense is tied directly to the incidence and severity of workplace
injuries to its  employees.  Barrett seeks to contain its workers'  compensation
costs  through an  aggressive  approach to claims  management.  The Company uses
managed-care  systems to reduce  medical  costs and keeps  time-loss  costs to a
minimum  by  assigning  injured  workers,   whenever  possible,   to  short-term
assignments  which accommodate the workers'  physical  limitations.  The Company
believes that these  assignments  minimize both time actually lost from work and
covered  time-loss costs.  Barrett has also engaged  third-party  administrators
("TPAs") to provide additional claims management  expertise.  Typical management
procedures include


                                      -7-

<PAGE>

performing  thorough  and  prompt  on-site  investigations  of  claims  filed by
employees,  working with physicians to encourage efficient medical management of
cases, denying questionable claims and attempting to negotiate early settlements
to  eliminate  future  case  development  and costs.  Barrett  also  maintains a
corporate-wide pre-employment drug screening program and a mandatory post-injury
drug test.  The  program is believed  to have  resulted  in a  reduction  in the
frequency  of  fraudulent  claims and in  accidents  in which the use of illegal
drugs appears to have been a contributing factor.

         Elements  of  Self-Insurance  Costs.  The  costs  associated  with  the
Company's  self-insured  workers' compensation program include case reserves for
reported claims, an additional expense provision for unanticipated  increases in
the cost of open injury  claims (known as "adverse  loss  development")  and for
claims incurred in prior periods but not reported (referred to as "IBNR"),  fees
payable  to the  Company's  TPAs,  additional  claims  administration  expenses,
administrative   fees  payable  to  state  and  federal  workers'   compensation
regulatory  agencies,  premiums for excess workers'  compensation  insurance and
legal fees.  Although not directly related to the size of the Company's payroll,
the number of claims and  correlative  loss payments may be expected to increase
with  growth  in the total  number  of  employees.  The  state  assessments  are
typically  based on payroll  amounts  and,  to a limited  extent,  the amount of
permanent  disability awards during the previous year. Excess insurance premiums
are also based in part on the size and risk profile of the Company's payroll and
loss experience.

Workers' Compensation Claims Experience and Reserves
         The  Company  recognizes  its  liability  for the  ultimate  payment of
incurred claims and claims  adjustment  expenses by accruing  liabilities  which
represent  estimates  of future  amounts  necessary  to pay claims  and  related
expenses  with  respect  to  covered  events  that have  occurred.  When a claim
involving a probable  loss is reported,  the  Company's  TPA  establishes a case
reserve for the  estimated  amount of ultimate  loss.  The estimate  reflects an
informed  judgment  based  on  established  case  reserving  practices  and  the
experience  and knowledge of the TPA regarding the nature and expected  value of
the claim,  as well as the  estimated  expense of settling the claim,  including
legal and other fees and expenses of administering  claims. The adequacy of such
case reserves depends on the  professional  judgment of each TPA to properly and
comprehensively evaluate the economic consequences of each claim.  Additionally,
on an aggregate basis, the Company has established an additional expense reserve
for both future  adverse loss  development in excess of initial case reserves on
open claims and for claims  incurred but not  reported,  referred to as the IBNR
reserve.

         As part of the case reserving process,  historical data is reviewed and
consideration is given to the anticipated  effect of various factors,  including
known and anticipated  legal  developments,  inflation and economic  conditions.
Reserve amounts are necessarily  based on management's  estimates,  and as other
data  becomes  available,  these  estimates  are  revised,  which may  result in
increases  or  decreases  in  existing  case  reserves.  Barrett  has  engaged a
nationally-recognized,  independent  actuary to review  annually  the  Company's
total workers'  compensation claims liability and reserving practices.  Based in
part  on  such  review,   the  Company   believes  its  total  accrued  workers'
compensation  claims  liabilities  at December 31,  2003,  are  adequate.  It is
possible,  however,  that the  Company's  actual  future  workers'  compensation
obligations  may  exceed  the  amount  of  its  accrued   liabilities,   with  a
corresponding  negative  effect  on  future  earnings,  due to such  factors  as
unanticipated  adverse loss development of known claims, and the effect, if any,
of claims incurred but not reported. Refer to Part II, Item 7, under the heading
"Critical Accounting Policies".

         Approximately  one-fifth of the Company's total payroll exposure was in
relatively  high-risk  industries with respect to workplace injuries,  including
trucking,   construction  and  certain   warehousing   activities.   Failure  to
successfully manage the severity and frequency of workers' compensation injuries
results in increased  workers'  compensation  expense and has a negative effect,
which may be  substantial,  on the  Company's  operating  results and  financial

                                       -8-

<PAGE>

condition. Management maintains clear guidelines for its branch office managers,
account managers,  and risk managers  directly tying their continued  employment
with the Company to their diligence in understanding and addressing the risks of
accident or injury  associated  with the  industries  in which client  companies
operate and in  monitoring  the  compliance  by clients  with  workplace  safety
requirements.  The  Company  has a policy  of  "zero  tolerance"  for  avoidable
workplace injuries.

Management Information Systems
         The  Company   performs   all   functions   associated   with   payroll
administration  through its internal management  information system. Each branch
office  performs  payroll data entry  functions  and  maintains  an  independent
database of employees and customers,  as well as payroll and invoicing  records.
All processing functions are centralized at Barrett's corporate  headquarters in
Portland, Oregon.

Employees and Employee Benefits
         At December 31, 2003, the Company had  approximately  17,000 employees,
including approximately 5,000 staffing services employees,  approximately 11,800
PEO  employees  and  approximately  200  managerial,  sales  and  administrative
employees.  The number of employees at any given time may vary significantly due
to  business   conditions  at  customer  or  client   companies.   During  2003,
approximately  3% of  the  Company's  employees  were  covered  by a  collective
bargaining  agreement.  Each of Barrett's  managerial,  sales and administrative
employees has entered into a standard form of employment  agreement which, among
other  provisions,  contains  covenants  not to engage in certain  activities in
competition with the Company for 18 months  following  termination of employment
and to maintain the confidentiality of certain proprietary information.  Barrett
believes its employee relations are good.

         Benefits offered to Barrett's staffing services employees include group
health  insurance,  a Section 125 cafeteria plan which permits  employees to use
pretax earnings to fund various  services,  including health insurance  premiums
and  childcare  expenses,  and a savings plan (the "401(k)  plan") under Section
401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") pursuant to which employees may
begin making  contributions  upon reaching 21 years of age and completing  1,000
hours of service in any consecutive  12-month period.  The Company may also make
contributions  to the savings plan,  which vest over seven years and are subject
to certain  legal  limits,  at the sole  discretion  of the  Company's  Board of
Directors. Employees subject to a co-employer arrangement may participate in the
Company's benefit plans at the election of the co-employer.  See "Regulatory and
Legislative Issues--Employee Benefit Plans."

Regulatory and Legislative Issues
         Business Operations. The Company is subject to the laws and regulations
of the  jurisdictions  within  which  it  operates,  including  those  governing
self-insured  employers under the workers'  compensation  systems in Washington,
Oregon,  California,  Maryland  and  Delaware.  An Oregon PEO  company,  such as
Barrett, is required to be licensed as a worker-leasing  company by the Workers'
Compensation  Division  of  the  Oregon  Department  of  Consumer  and  Business
Services.  Temporary  staffing  companies are  expressly  exempt from the Oregon
licensing  requirement.  Oregon PEO  companies  are also required to ensure that
each PEO client provides  adequate training and supervision for its employees to
comply with  statutory  requirements  for  workplace  safety and to give 30 days
written  notice in the  event of a  termination  of its  obligation  to  provide
workers'  compensation coverage for PEO employees and other subject employees of
a  PEO  client.   Although  compliance  with  these  requirements  imposes  some
additional financial risk on Barrett, particularly with respect to those clients
who breach their payment obligation to the Company,  such compliance has not had
a significant adverse impact on Barrett's business to date.

                                      -9-

<PAGE>

         Employee  Benefit  Plans.  The  Company's  operations  are  affected by
numerous federal and state laws relating to labor,  tax and employment  matters.
By entering into a co-employer  relationship  with employees who are assigned to
work at client locations (sometimes referred to as "work-site  employees"),  the
Company assumes certain  obligations and  responsibilities  of an employer under
these federal and state laws.  Because many of these federal and state laws were
enacted prior to the  development of  nontraditional  employment  relationships,
such  as   professional   employer,   temporary   employment,   and  outsourcing
arrangements, many of these laws do not specifically address the obligations and
responsibilities  of nontraditional  employers.  In addition,  the definition of
"employer" under these laws is not uniform.

         As an  employer,  the  Company is subject to all federal  statutes  and
regulations governing its employer-employee relationships. Subject to the issues
discussed  below,  the Company believes that its operations are in compliance in
all material respects with all applicable federal statutes and regulations.

         The Company  offers  various  qualified  employee  benefit plans to its
employees,  including  its work-site  employees.  These  employee  benefit plans
include the 401(k) plan, a cafeteria plan under Section 125 of the Code, a group
health plan, a group life insurance plan and a group disability  insurance plan.
Generally,  qualified  employee  benefit plans are subject to provisions of both
the Code and the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").  In
order to qualify for  favorable tax treatment  under the Code,  qualified  plans
must be established  and maintained by an employer for the exclusive  benefit of
its  employees.  See Part II, Item 7 of this report for a  discussion  of issues
regarding  qualification of the Company's  employee benefit plans arising out of
participation by the Company's PEO employees.

Competition
         The staffing  services and PEO businesses are  characterized by intense
competition.  The staffing  services market  includes  competitors of all sizes,
including several, such as Manpower,  Inc., Kelly Services, Inc. and RemedyTemp,
Inc.,  that are  national  in scope and have  substantially  greater  financial,
marketing  and  other  resources  than the  Company.  In  addition  to  national
companies,  Barrett  competes  with  numerous  regional and local firms for both
customers and  employees.  There are  relatively  few barriers to entry into the
staffing services business.  The principal  competitive  factors in the staffing
services  industry  are price,  the  ability to provide  qualified  workers in a
timely manner and the monitoring of job performance.  The Company attributes its
internal  growth in staffing  services  revenues to the  cost-efficiency  of its
operations which permits the Company to price its services competitively, and to
its ability  through its branch  office  network to  understand  and satisfy the
needs of its customers with competent personnel.

         Although there are believed to be at least several hundred companies
currently offering PEO services in the U.S., many of these potential
competitors are located in states in which the Company presently does not
operate.  During 2003, approximately 73% and 25% of the Company's PEO service
fee revenues were earned in California and Oregon, respectively.

         The Company may face  additional PEO competition in the future from new
entrants to the field,  including  other staffing  services  companies,  payroll
processing companies and insurance companies. Certain PEO companies operating in
areas in which  Barrett does not now, but may in the future,  offer its services
have  greater  financial  and  marketing  resources  than the  Company,  such as
Administaff,  Inc., Gevity HR, Inc. and Paychex, Inc., among others. Competition
in the PEO industry is based largely on price,  although service and quality can
also provide  competitive  advantages.  Barrett believes that its past growth in
PEO service fee

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

revenues is attributable to its ability to provide small and mid-sized companies
with the  opportunity  to provide  enhanced  benefits to their  employees  while
reducing their overall personnel administration and workers' compensation costs.
The Company's  competitive  advantage may be adversely affected by a substantial
increase in the costs of  maintaining  its  self-insured  workers'  compensation
program.  A  general  market  decrease  in the  level of  workers'  compensation
insurance premiums may also decrease demand for PEO services.


Item 2.  PROPERTIES

         The Company  provides  staffing and PEO services  through all 28 of its
branch  offices.  The following table shows the number of branch offices located
in each state in which the Company operates. The Company's California and Oregon
offices accounted for 51% and 27%, respectively,  of its total revenues in 2003.
The Company  also leases  office  space in other  locations  in its market areas
which it uses to recruit and place employees.

                                             Number of
                                              Branch
                            State            Offices
                      ------------------   -----------

                        Arizona                  1
                        California              10
                        Idaho                    1
                        Oregon                   9
                        Washington               2
                        Maryland                 3
                        Delaware                 1
                        North Carolina           1

         Barrett  leases office space for its corporate and branch  offices.  At
December 31, 2003,  such leases had expiration  dates ranging from less than one
year to ten years,  with total minimum  payments  through 2013 of  approximately
$4,330,000.


Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         There were no material legal proceedings pending against the Company at
December 31, 2003, or during the period  beginning  with that date through March
26, 2004.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No matters  were  submitted to a vote of the  Company's  stockholders
during the fourth quarter of 2003.


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

      The following table identifies, as of February 29, 2004, each executive
officer of the Company.  Executive officers are elected annually and serve at
the discretion of the Board of Directors.

                                                                         Officer
       Name           Age   Principal Positions and Business Experience    Since

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

William W. Sherertz    58   President; Chief Executive Officer; Director    1980


Michael D. Mulholland  52   Vice President-Finance and Secretary;           1994
                            Chief Financial Officer


Gregory R. Vaughn      48   Vice President                                  1998

James D. Miller        40   Controller and Assistant Secretary; Principal   1994
                            Accounting Officer


----------------------------

         William W. Sherertz has acted as Chief Executive Officer of the Company
since  1980.  He has also been a director of the  Company  since  1980,  and was
appointed  President of the Company in March 1993.  Mr.  Sherertz also serves as
Chairman of the Board of Directors.

         Michael  D.  Mulholland  joined  the  Company  in  August  1994 as Vice
President-Finance and Secretary.  From 1988 to 1994, Mr. Mulholland was employed
by Sprouse-Reitz Stores Inc. ("Sprouse"), a former Nasdaq-listed retail company,
serving as its Executive Vice President,  Chief Financial Officer and Secretary.
Prior  to  Sprouse,   Mr.  Mulholland  held  senior  management  positions  with
Lamb-Weston, Inc., a food processing company, from 1985 to 1988, and Keil, Inc.,
a regional retail company, from 1978 to 1985. Mr. Mulholland, a certified public
accountant on inactive status, was also employed by Touche Ross & Co., now known
as Deloitte & Touche LLP.

         Gregory  R.  Vaughn  joined  the  Company  in July  1997 as  Operations
Manager.  Mr. Vaughn was  appointed  Vice  President in January  1998.  Prior to
joining  Barrett,  Mr. Vaughn was Chief Executive  Officer of Insource  America,
Inc., a  privately-held  human  resource  management  company  headquartered  in
Portland,  Oregon,  since  1996.  Mr.  Vaughn  has also held  senior  management
positions  with Sundial Time  Systems,  Inc.  from 1995 to 1996 and  Continental
Information Systems, Inc. from 1990 to 1994. Previously, Mr. Vaughn was employed
as  a   technology   consultant   by  Price   Waterhouse   LLP,   now  known  as
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

         James D. Miller joined the Company in January 1994 as Controller.  From
1991 to 1994,  he was the Corporate  Accounting  Manager for  Christensen  Motor
Yacht Corporation. Mr. Miller, a certified public accountant on inactive status,
was employed by Price Waterhouse LLP, now known as  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP,
from 1987 to 1991.

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

                                     PART II

Item 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         The Company's  common stock (the "Common  Stock")  trades on The Nasdaq
Stock Market's  SmallCap(TM) tier under the symbol "BBSI." At February 27, 2004,
there were 59 stockholders of record and  approximately 570 beneficial owners of
the Common Stock.  The Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends since
the closing of its initial public offering of Common Stock on June 18, 1993, and
has no present plan to pay any cash  dividends in the  foreseeable  future.  The
following  table  presents the high and low sales prices of the Common Stock for
each  quarterly  period  during the last two fiscal  years,  as  reported by The
Nasdaq Stock Market:


                                High         Low
                              ----------  ----------
2002
   First Quarter                 $ 4.00      $ 3.15
   Second Quarter                  4.00        2.74
   Third Quarter                   3.50        2.01
   Fourth Quarter                  4.00        2.67

2003
   First Quarter                 $ 3.75      $ 2.31
   Second Quarter                  3.65        2.64
   Third Quarter                   7.41        3.00
   Fourth Quarter                 15.13        7.00


                                      -13-
<PAGE>

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following  selected  financial  data should be read in  conjunction
with the Company's  financial  statements and the  accompanying  notes listed in
Item 15 of this Report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                2003      2002       2001      2000       1999
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
                                                     (In thousands, except per share data)

Statement of operations:
   Revenues:
<S>                                           <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>
     Staffing services                        $ 93,544  $ 96,750   $123,110  $188,500   $194,991
     Professional employer service fees         29,177    12,558     16,281    22,128     24,433
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
      Total                                    122,721   109,308    139,391   210,628    219,424
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
   Cost of revenues:
     Direct payroll costs                       69,099    71,515     90,750   139,177    141,623
     Payroll taxes and benefits                 22,916    14,062     17,635    27,007     28,603
     Workers' compensation                       9,333     8,766     12,971    12,639     11,702
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
      Total                                    101,348    94,343    121,356   178,823    181,928
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
   Gross margin                                 21,373    14,965     18,035    31,805     37,496
   Selling, general and administrative
     expenses                                   17,186    16,008     18,737    24,583     25,957
   Depreciation and amortization                 1,058     1,162      3,277     3,192      2,461
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
   Income (loss) from operations                 3,129    (2,205)    (3,979)    4,030      9,078
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
   Other (expense) income:
     Interest expense                             (268)     (278)      (359)     (830)      (634)
     Interest income                                82       217        297       341        357
     Other, net                                     32        21         45         6         32
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
      Total                                       (154)      (40)       (17)     (483)      (245)
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
   Income (loss) before income taxes             2,975    (2,245)    (3,996)    3,547      8,833
   Provision for (benefit from) income taxes       890      (892)    (1,574)    1,446      3,684
                                              --------- ---------  --------- ---------  ---------
      Net income (loss)                       $  2,085  $ (1,353)  $ (2,422) $  2,101   $  5,149
                                              ========= =========  ========= =========  =========
   Basic earnings (loss) per share            $    .36  $   (.23)  $   (.39) $    .29   $    .68
                                              ========= =========  ========= =========  =========
   Weighted average number of basic
     shares outstanding                          5,690     5,804      6,193     7,237      7,581
                                              ========= =========  ========= =========  =========
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share          $    .35  $   (.23)  $   (.39) $    .29   $    .68
                                              ========= =========  ========= =========  =========
   Weighted average number of diluted
     shares  outstanding                         5,876     5,804      6,193     7,277      7,627
                                              ========= =========  ========= =========  =========

Selected balance sheet data:
   Cash                                       $  7,785  $     96   $  1,142  $    516   $    550
   Working capital                               8,470     2,235      2,658     3,731      7,688
   Total assets                                 54,673    47,297     52,566    60,865     70,504
   Long-term debt, net of current portion          400       488        922     2,283      5,007
   Stockholders' equity                         30,634    28,785     30,534    34,917     37,329

</TABLE>




                                      -14-

<PAGE>

Item 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

Overview
         The Company's  revenues  consist of staffing  services and professional
employer  organization  ("PEO")  service fees.  Staffing  services  revenues are
derived from services performed for short-term  staffing,  contract staffing and
on-site   management.   PEO  service  fees  refer   exclusively  to  co-employer
contractual  agreements with PEO clients.  The Company's  revenues from staffing
services  represent  all  amounts  invoiced  to  customers  for direct  payroll,
employer payroll related taxes, workers' compensation coverage and a service fee
(equivalent to a mark-up percentage). PEO service fee revenues are recognized in
accordance with EITF 99-19,  "Reporting Revenues Gross as a Principal Versus Net
as an Agent." As such,  the Company's PEO service fee revenues  include  amounts
invoiced  to  PEO  customers  for  employer  payroll  related  taxes,   workers'
compensation  coverage  and a  gross  profit.  Thus,  amounts  invoiced  to  PEO
customers  for salaries,  wages,  health  insurance  and employee  out-of-pocket
expenses  incurred  incidental to  employment  are excluded from PEO service fee
revenues and cost of  revenues.  The  Company's  Oregon and  California  offices
accounted for approximately 78% of its total net revenues in 2003. Consequently,
weakness in economic  conditions in these regions could have a material  adverse
effect on the Company's  financial  results.  Safety  incentives  represent cash
incentives  paid to  certain  PEO client  companies  for  maintaining  safe-work
practices in order to minimize workplace  injuries.  The incentive is based on a
percentage  of  annual  payroll  and is paid  annually  to  customers  who  meet
predetermined workers' compensation claims cost objectives. The safety incentive
expense  is  netted  against  PEO  revenues  on  the  Company's   Statements  of
Operations.

         The Company's cost of revenues is comprised of direct payroll costs for
staffing  services,  employer  payroll  related taxes and employee  benefits and
workers'  compensation.  Direct payroll costs represent the gross payroll earned
by staffing  services  employees based on salary or hourly wages.  Payroll taxes
and employee  benefits consist of the employer's  portion of Social Security and
Medicare  taxes,  federal  unemployment  taxes,  state  unemployment  taxes  and
staffing  services  employee  reimbursements  for materials,  supplies and other
expenses, which are paid by the customer. Workers' compensation expense consists
primarily  of the costs  associated  with the  Company's  self-insured  workers'
compensation program, such as claims reserves, claims administration fees, legal
fees,  state and federal  administrative  agency fees and reinsurance  costs for
catastrophic injuries. The Company also maintains separate workers' compensation
insurance  policies  for  employees  working in states  where the Company is not
self-insured.

         The  largest  portion of workers'  compensation  expense is the cost of
workplace  injury claims.  When an injury occurs and is reported to the Company,
the Company's respective  independent  third-party claims administrator  ("TPA")
analyzes  the details of the injury and  develops a case  reserve,  which is the
TPA's  estimate  of the cost of the  claim  based on  similar  injuries  and its
professional  judgment.  The Company then records,  or accrues, an expense and a
corresponding  liability based upon the TPA's estimates for claims reserves.  As
cash payments are made by the Company's TPA against specific case reserves,  the
accrued liability is reduced by the corresponding  payment amount.  The TPA also
reviews  existing  injury  claims  on an  on-going  basis and  adjusts  the case
reserves as new or additional information for each claim becomes available.  The
Company has established  additional reserves to provide for future unanticipated
increases in expenses  ("adverse loss  development")  of the claims reserves for
open injury claims and for claims incurred but not reported related to prior and
current periods. Management believes that the Company's operational policies and
internal  claims  reporting  system help to limit the  occurrence  of unreported
incurred claims.

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

         Selling,  general and  administrative  ("SG&A") expenses represent both
branch office and corporate-level  operating expenses. Branch operating expenses
consist  primarily of branch office staff payroll and personnel  related  costs,
advertising,   rent,   office   supplies,   depreciation  and  branch  incentive
compensation.  Corporate-level operating expenses consist primarily of executive
and office staff payroll and personnel  related  costs,  professional  and legal
fees,  travel,  depreciation,  occupancy  costs,  information  systems costs and
executive and corporate staff incentive bonuses.

         Amortization  of  intangible  assets  consists of the  amortization  of
software  costs,  and  covenants not to compete,  which are amortized  using the
straight-line  method over their estimated useful lives, which range from two to
10 years.

Critical Accounting Policies
         The Company has  identified  the following  policies as critical to the
Company's  business and the  understanding  of its results of operations.  For a
detailed  discussion of the application of these and other accounting  policies,
see Note 1 in the Notes to the  Financial  Statements  in Item 15 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.  Note that the  preparation  of this Annual  Report on Form
10-K requires  management  to make  estimates  and  assumptions  that affect the
reported  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  at the  date  of the  financial
statements,  and the  reported  amounts  of  revenue  and  expenses  during  the
reporting period. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on
various  other  assumptions  that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the
circumstances,  the results of which form the basis for making  judgments  about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources.  Actual results may differ from these  estimates  under different
assumptions or conditions.

         Self-insured   workers'   compensation   reserves.   The   Company   is
self-insured  for workers'  compensation  coverage in a majority of its employee
work sites.  Accruals for workers'  compensation expense are made based upon the
Company's  claims  experience  and an  annual  independent  actuarial  analysis,
utilizing  Company  experience,  as well as claim  cost  development  trends and
current workers' compensation industry loss information.  As such, a majority of
the Company's  recorded expense for workers'  compensation is management's  best
estimate.  Management  believes that the amount accrued is adequate to cover all
known and unreported claims at December 31, 2003.  However,  if the actual costs
of such  claims and related  expenses  exceed the amount  estimated,  additional
reserves  may be  required,  which  could  have a  material  negative  effect on
operating results.

         Allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company must make estimates of the
collectibility  of accounts  receivables.  Management  analyzes  historical  bad
debts, customer  concentrations,  customer  credit-worthiness,  current economic
trends and changes in the  customers'  payment  tendencies  when  evaluating the
adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.  If the financial  condition of
the Company's customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their
ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.

         Intangible assets and goodwill. The Company assesses the recoverability
of  intangible  assets and goodwill  annually and whenever  events or changes in
circumstances  indicate that the carrying value might be impaired.  Factors that
are  considered  include  significant   underperformance  relative  to  expected
historical or projected future operating results,  significant negative industry
trends  and  significant  change in the  manner of use of the  acquired  assets.
Management's  current  assessment of the carrying value of intangible assets and
goodwill  indicates  there is no  impairment  based upon  projected  future cash
flows. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, the
Company may be required to record impairment charges for these assets.


                                      -16-

<PAGE>

New Accounting Pronouncements
         For a discussion of new accounting  pronouncements  and their potential
effect on the Company's results of operations and financial condition,  refer to
Note 1 in the Notes to the Financial Statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.

Forward-Looking Information
         Statements  in this  Item or in Item 1 of  this  report  which  are not
historical  in  nature,  including  discussion  of  economic  conditions  in the
Company's  market  areas and effect on revenue  growth,  the  potential  for and
effect of past and future  acquisitions,  the effect of changes in the Company's
mix of  services  on  gross  margin,  the  adequacy  of the  Company's  workers'
compensation reserves and allowance for doubtful accounts,  the effectiveness of
the Company's management  information systems, and the availability of financing
and  working   capital  to  meet  the  Company's   funding   requirements,   are
forward-looking   statements  within  the  meaning  of  the  Private  Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and
unknown  risks,  uncertainties  and other  factors  that may  cause  the  actual
results,  performance or achievements  of the Company or industry  results to be
materially  different  from any  future  results,  performance  or  achievements
expressed  or implied by such  forward-looking  statements.  Such  factors  with
respect to the Company include difficulties associated with integrating acquired
businesses  and clients into the Company's  operations,  economic  trends in the
Company's  service areas,  material  deviations  from expected  future  workers'
compensation  claims  experience,  the  carrying  values of deferred  income tax
assets and  goodwill,  which may be affected by the Company's  future  operating
results,  the  availability  of capital or letters of credit  necessary  to meet
state-mandated  surety deposit requirements for maintaining the Company's status
as a qualified self-insured employer for workers' compensation coverage, and the
availability of and costs  associated with potential  sources of financing.  The
Company  disclaims  any  obligation  to update any such  factors or to  publicly
announce the result of any  revisions to any of the  forward-looking  statements
contained herein to reflect future events or developments.

Results of Operations
         The  following  table  sets  forth the  percentages  of total  revenues
represented by selected items in the Company's  Statements of Operations for the
years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001,  listed in Item 15 of this report.
References to the Notes to Financial Statements appearing below are to the notes
to the Company's financial statements listed in Item 15 of this Report.

                                      -17-

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                   Percentage of Total Net Revenues
                                                 ----------------------------------
                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                 -----------------------------------
                                                  2003          2002          2001

   Revenues:
<S>                                               <C>           <C>           <C>
     Staffing services                            76.2 %        88.5 %        88.3 %
     Professional employer service fees           23.8          11.5          11.7
                                                 -------       -------       -------
      Total                                      100.0         100.0         100.0
                                                 -------       -------       -------
   Cost of revenues:
     Direct payroll costs                         56.3          65.4          65.1
     Payroll taxes and benefits                   18.7          12.9          12.7
     Workers' compensation                         7.6           8.0           9.3
                                                 -------       -------       -------
      Total                                       82.6          86.3          87.1
                                                 -------       -------       -------
   Gross margin                                   17.4          13.7          12.9
   Selling, general and administrative expenses   14.0          14.6          13.4
   Depreciation and amortization                   0.9           1.1           2.4
                                                 -------       -------       -------
   Income (loss) from operations                   2.5          (2.0)         (2.9)
   Other (expense) income                         (0.1)           --            --
                                                 -------       -------       -------
   Pretax income (loss)                            2.4          (2.0)         (2.9)
   Provision for (benefit from) income taxes       0.7          (0.8)         (1.2)
                                                 -------       -------       -------
      Net income (loss)                            1.7 %        (1.2)%        (1.7)%
                                                 =======       =======       =======
</TABLE>


         The Company changed its reporting of PEO revenues from a gross basis to
a net basis in 2002 because it was determined by the requirements of EITF 99-19,
"Reporting  Revenues  Gross as a  Principal  Versus Net as an  Agent",  that the
Company  was not the  primary  obligor for the  services  provided by  employees
pursuant  to its  PEO  contracts.  The  gross  revenues  and  cost  of  revenues
information below, although not in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles ("GAAP"), is presented for comparison purposes and because management
believes such  information is more  informative as to the level of the Company's
business activity and more useful in managing its operations.


                                        Year Ended
(in thousands)                        December 31,
                                  --------------------
                                    2003       2002
                                  ---------  ---------
Revenues:
   Staffing services              $ 93,544   $ 96,750
   Professional employer services  173,134     73,952
                                  ---------  ---------

     Total revenues                266,678    170,702
                                  ---------  ---------
Cost of revenues:
   Direct payroll costs            210,785    132,909
   Payroll taxes and benefits       22,916     14,062
   Workers' compensation            11,604      8,766
                                  ---------  ---------

     Total cost of revenues        245,305    155,737
                                  ---------  ---------

Gross margin                      $ 21,373   $ 14,965
                                  =========  =========


                                      -18-

<PAGE>

         A  reconciliation  of non-GAAP  gross  revenues  to net  revenues is as
follows for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                             Gross Revenue                                       Net Revenue
                            Reporting Method          Reclassification        Reporting Method
                          ---------------------   -----------------------   ---------------------
                            2003        2002         2003         2002         2003       2002
                          ---------   ---------   ----------   ----------   ---------   ---------
Revenues:
<S>                       <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
   Staffing services      $ 93,544    $ 96,750    $      --    $      --    $ 93,544    $ 96,750
   Professional employer
     services              173,134      73,952     (143,957)     (61,394)     29,177      12,558
                          ---------   ---------   ----------   ----------   ---------   ---------
     Total revenues       $266,678    $170,702    $(143,957)   $ (61,394)   $122,721    $109,308
                          =========   =========   ==========   ==========   =========   =========
Cost of revenues:         $245,305    $155,737    $(143,957)   $ (61,394)   $101,348    $ 94,343
                          =========   =========   ==========   ==========   =========   =========


</TABLE>


Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

         Net income for the year ended  December  31,  2003 was  $2,085,000,  an
improvement  of  $3,438,000  over  the net  loss of  $1,353,000  for  2002.  The
improvement in the net income was primarily  attributable to higher gross margin
dollars,  primarily  due to a 12.3%  increase in revenues,  offset in part by an
increase in selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses to support the
increase  in  business  activity.  Basic  income per share for 2003 was $.36 and
diluted income per share for 2003 was $.35 as compared to basic and diluted loss
per share of $.23 for 2002.

         Revenues for 2003 totaled  $122,721,000,  an increase of  approximately
$13,413,000 or 12.3% over 2002 revenues of  $109,308,000.  The increase in total
revenues  was  due  primarily  to  the  significant   growth  in  the  Company's
professional  employer  ("PEO")  service  fee revenue in  California,  partially
offset by a small decline in staffing service revenue.

         PEO service fee revenue increased $16,619,000 or 132.3%, while staffing
services revenue decreased  $3,206,000 or 3.3%, which resulted in an increase in
the share of PEO  service fee revenue to 23.8% of total  revenues  for 2003,  as
compared to 11.5% for 2002. The increase in PEO service fee revenue for 2003 was
primarily  due  to  strong  growth  in  California   attributable   to  business
opportunities  available to the Company as a qualified self-insured employer for
workers'  compensation coverage resulting from the adverse market conditions for
workers'  compensation  insurance  in the state.  Management  expects  growth in
demand for its PEO services to continue in the foreseeable  future. The decrease
in staffing  services  revenue for 2003 was primarily  attributable to continued
weak demand for the  Company's  services  in the  majority of areas in which the
Company does business  owing to general weak economic  conditions.  The share of
staffing  services  revenues had a  corresponding  decrease  from 88.5% of total
revenues for 2002 to 76.2% for 2003.

         Gross  margin  for  2003  totaled  $21,373,000,  which  represented  an
increase of $6,408,000 or 42.8% over 2002.  The gross margin  percent  increased
from 13.7% of  revenues  for 2002 to 17.4% for 2003.  The  increase in the gross
margin   percentage   was  due  to  lower  direct  payroll  costs  and  workers'
compensation costs, offset in part by higher payroll taxes and benefit costs, as
a  percentage  of net  revenues.  The  decrease  in  direct  payroll  costs as a
percentage  of net  revenues  from  65.4% for 2002 to 56.3%  for 2003  primarily
reflects  the current mix of  services to the current  customer  base and to the
effect of their unique mark-up  percent.  The decrease in workers'  compensation
costs, as a percentage of net revenues, from 8.0% of

                                      -19-

<PAGE>

revenues for 2002 to 7.6% for 2003,  was  principally  due to a lessening of the
increase  in the  adverse  development  of  estimated  future  costs of workers'
compensation   claims  primarily   concentrated  in  the  Company's   California
operations.  The increase in payroll  taxes and benefits as a percentage  of net
revenues  from 12.9% for 2002 to 18.7% for 2003 was  primarily  attributable  to
higher  state  unemployment  tax rates in  various  states in which the  Company
operates,  as well as to the effect of significant  growth in PEO services.  The
Company expects gross margin, as a percentage of net revenues, to continue to be
influenced  by  fluctuations  in the mix  between  staffing  and  PEO  services,
including  the mix within the staffing  segment,  as well as the adequacy of its
estimates  for  workers'  compensation  liabilities,  which  may  be  negatively
affected by unanticipated adverse loss development of claims reserves.

         In connection  with the Company's  self-insured  workers'  compensation
program, the Company has maintained an excess workers' compensation policy which
limits the financial  effect of costly  workers'  compensation  claims.  For the
calendar  year  2001,  such  policies  included  a  self-insured   retention  or
deductible  of  $400,000  per  occurrence.   Effective   January  1,  2002,  the
self-insured  retention or  deductible  increased  to $750,000  per  occurrence.
Effective  January 1, 2004,  the  self-insured  retention or  deductible  on the
Company's  excess  workers'  compensation  policy  increased to  $1,000,000  per
occurrence,   although   the   premium   cost  per  $100  of  payroll   declined
significantly.  Management believes that the Company obtained the most favorable
terms and  conditions  available  in the  market,  in view of the  effect of the
events of September 11, 2001, on the insurance  industry and the Company's  size
and scope of operations.

         SG&A expenses  consist of compensation  and other expenses  incident to
the  operation  of the  Company's  headquarters  and the branch  offices and the
marketing of its services.  SG&A expenses for 2003 amounted to  $17,186,000,  an
increase  of  $1,178,000  or 7.4%  over  2002.  SG&A  expenses,  expressed  as a
percentage of net revenues,  declined from 14.6% for 2002 to 14.0% for 2003. The
increase  in total  SG&A  dollars  was  primarily  due to  increases  in  branch
management  personnel  and  related  expenses  as a result of the  growth in the
Company's PEO business.

         Depreciation  and  amortization  totaled  $1,058,000  for  2003,  which
compares to $1,162,000 for 2002. The depreciation and amortization expense level
remained  comparable to 2002 amounts due to the  Company's  current low level of
capital expenditures.

         At December 31, 2003, the Company had net deferred income tax assets of
$3,237,000 primarily reflecting temporary differences between taxable income for
financial accounting and tax purposes and tax credit  carryforwards,  which will
reduce taxable income in future years. Pursuant to generally accepted accounting
principles,  the Company is required to assess the  realization  of the deferred
income  tax  assets  as  significant   changes  in  circumstances   may  require
adjustments  during  future  periods.   Although  realization  is  not  assured,
management  has concluded that it is more likely than not that the remaining net
deferred  income tax assets will be realized,  principally  based upon projected
taxable income for the next two years. The amount of the net deferred income tax
assets  actually  realized could vary, if there are differences in the timing or
amount of future reversals of existing  deferred income tax assets or changes in
the actual amounts of future taxable income as compared to operating  forecasts.
If the Company's  operating  forecast is determined to no longer be reliable due
to uncertain market  conditions,  the Company's  long-term  forecast may require
reassessment.  As a result, in the future, a valuation allowance may be required
to be  established  for all or a portion of the net deferred  income tax assets.
Such a valuation  allowance  could have a  significant  effect on the  Company's
future results of operations and financial position.

                                      -20-

<PAGE>

         Effective  January 1, 2004,  the  Company  acquired  certain  assets of
Skills Resource Training Center ("SRTC"),  a staffing services company with nine
offices in Central  Washington,  Eastern Oregon and Southern Idaho.  The Company
paid  $3,000,000  in cash for the assets of SRTC and the  selling  shareholders'
noncompete  agreements  and agreed to issue up to  135,731  shares of its common
stock ("Earnout Shares"),  with the actual number of Earnout Shares to be issued
based  upon the level of  financial  performance  achieved  by the SRTC  offices
during calendar 2004.

         The Company  offers  various  qualified  employee  benefit plans to its
employees,  including its PEO employees.  These qualified employee benefit plans
include a savings plan (the "401(k)  plan") under Section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code (the  "Code"),  a cafeteria  plan under  Section 125 of the Code, a
group health plan, a group life  insurance plan and group  disability  insurance
plan.  Generally,  qualified employee benefit plans are subject to provisions of
both the Code and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").
In order to qualify for favorable tax treatment under the Code,  qualified plans
must be established  and maintained by an employer for the exclusive  benefit of
its employees.

         After several years of study,  on April 24, 2002, the Internal  Revenue
Service ("IRS") issued Revenue  Procedure 2002-21 ("Rev Proc") to provide relief
with respect to certain defined  contribution  retirement  plans maintained by a
PEO that benefit worksite  employees.  The Rev Proc outlines the steps necessary
for a PEO to avoid plan  disqualification  for violating  the exclusive  benefit
rule.  Essentially,  a PEO must either (1) terminate  the plan;  (2) convert its
plan to a "multiple  employer  plan" by December 31,  2003;  or (3) transfer the
plan assets and liabilities to a customer plan.  Effective December 1, 2002, the
Company converted its 401(k) plan to a "multiple employer plan".


Years Ended December 31, 2002 and 2001

         Net  loss for the year  ended  December  31,  2002 was  $1,353,000,  an
improvement  of  $1,069,000  over  the net  loss of  $2,422,000  for  2001.  The
improvement  in the net  loss  was  attributable  to a 14.6%  reduction  in SG&A
expenses  and a 64.5%  reduction  in  depreciation  and  amortization  expenses,
partially offset by a 17.0% decline in gross margin dollars, primarily resulting
from a 21.6% decrease in net revenues. Basic and diluted loss per share for 2002
were $.23 as compared to basic and diluted loss per share of $.39 for 2001.

         Revenues for 2002  totaled  $109,308,000,  a decrease of  approximately
$30,083,000 or 21.6% from 2001 revenues of  $139,391,000.  The decrease in total
net revenues was due, in part, to the continued softening of business conditions
in the Company's market areas, particularly in the Company's Northern California
operations,  which accounted for approximately 46.0% of the decline in total net
revenues  for  2002,  as well  as to  management's  decision  to  terminate  the
Company's  relationship with certain customers who provided  insufficient  gross
margin in relation to such risk factors as workplace safety and credit.

         Staffing  services revenue  decreased  $26,360,000 or 21.4%,  while PEO
service fee revenue decreased $3,723,000 or 22.9%, which resulted in an increase
in the share of  staffing  services  to 88.5% of total  revenues  for  2002,  as
compared to 88.3% for 2001. The decrease in staffing  services  revenue for 2002
was primarily  attributable to a continued  decrease in demand for the Company's
services in the  majority of areas in which the Company does  business  owing to
general weak  economic  conditions.  The share of PEO service fee revenues had a
corresponding  decrease from 11.7% of total revenues for 2001 to 11.5% for 2002.
The  decrease  in  PEO  service  fee  revenue  for  2002  was  primarily  due to
management's decision to discontinue its services to certain PEO customers which
provided  insufficient gross margin or represented  unacceptable  levels of risk
associated with credit or workplace safety.

                                      -21-

<PAGE>

         Gross margin for 2002 totaled $14,965,000, which represented a decrease
of $3,070,000 or 17.0% from 2001. The gross margin percent  increased from 12.9%
of  revenues  for 2001 to 13.7%  for 2002.  The  increase  in the  gross  margin
percentage was due to lower workers' compensation costs offset in part by higher
direct  payroll  costs  and  payroll  taxes and  benefits,  as a  percentage  of
revenues.  The  decrease in workers'  compensation  costs,  as a  percentage  or
revenues,  from 9.3% of revenues for 2001 to 8.0% for 2002, was  principally due
to a lessening of the increase in the adverse  development  of estimated  future
costs of workers'  compensation  claims primarily  concentrated in the Company's
California  operations.  The increase in direct payroll costs as a percentage of
revenues  from  65.1%  for  2001 to  65.4%  for  2002  primarily  reflected  the
then-current mix of services to the then-current  customer base. The increase in
payroll  taxes and benefits as a percentage  of revenues  from 12.7% for 2001 to
12.9% for 2002 was primarily  attributable to slightly higher state unemployment
tax rates in various states in which the Company operates.

         SG&A  expenses  for  2002  amounted  to  $16,008,000,   a  decrease  of
$2,729,000  or 14.6% from 2001.  SG&A  expenses,  expressed as a  percentage  of
revenues, increased from 13.4% for 2001 to 14.6% for 2002. The decrease in total
SG&A dollars was primarily due to reductions in branch management  personnel and
related  expenses  as a  result  of the  continued  downturn  in  the  Company's
business.

         Depreciation  and  amortization  totaled  $1,162,000  for  2002,  which
compares to $3,277,000  for 2001.  The  decreased  expense was primarily due the
Company's  adoption  of  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting  Standard  No. 142
"Goodwill and Other Intangible  Assets" effective  January 1, 2002,  whereby the
Company  ceased  the  amortization  of  its  recorded  goodwill.  2001  included
$1,783,000 of goodwill  amortization.  (See Note 1 in the Notes to the Financial
Statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.)


Fluctuations in Quarterly Operating Results
         The Company has historically  experienced  significant  fluctuations in
its quarterly operating results and expects such fluctuations to continue in the
future. The Company's operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors
such as  seasonality,  wage  limits on  payroll  taxes,  claims  experience  for
workers' compensation, demand and competition for the Company's services and the
effect of acquisitions.  The Company's  revenue levels fluctuate from quarter to
quarter  primarily  due to the impact of  seasonality  on its staffing  services
business  and on  certain  of its PEO  clients  in the  agriculture  and  forest
products-related  industries. As a result, the Company may have greater revenues
and net income in the third and fourth  quarters  of its  fiscal  year.  Payroll
taxes and benefits fluctuate with the level of direct payroll costs, but tend to
represent a smaller  percentage  of  revenues  and direct  payroll  later in the
Company's   fiscal  year  as  federal  and  state   statutory  wage  limits  for
unemployment and social security taxes are exceeded by some employees.  Workers'
compensation  expense  varies with both the  frequency and severity of workplace
injury claims reported  during a quarter and the estimated  future costs of such
claims.  In addition,  adverse loss  development of prior period claims during a
subsequent  quarter  may also  contribute  to the  volatility  in the  Company's
estimated workers' compensation expense.


Liquidity and Capital Resources
         The  Company's  cash  position  at  December  31,  2003  of  $7,785,000
increased  $7,689,000  over December 31, 2002.  The increase in cash at December
31, 2003 was  primarily  generated  from net income,  the proceeds of a sale and
leaseback of two Company-owned  office  buildings,  the receipt of the Company's
2002 income tax refund,  the release of a workers'  compensation  surety deposit
from restricted marketable securities to

                                      -22-


<PAGE>

cash and an increase in accrued  payroll,  payroll  taxes and related  benefits,
offset in part by payments  on workers'  compensation  claims  liabilities,  net
payments  on  the  Company's  credit-line  and an  increase  in  trade  accounts
receivable.

         Net  cash  provided  by  operating  activities  for  2003  amounted  to
$7,176,000  , as compared to net cash used in operating  activities  of $906,000
for 2002.  For 2003,  net cash  provided by operating  activities  was primarily
attributable to net income of $2,085,000,  a $1,923,000 decrease in income taxes
receivable as a result of the receipt of the 2002 federal  income tax refund and
an increase in accrued  payroll and related  benefits of  $8,984,000,  offset in
part by a net decrease of workers'  compensation  claims of $1,478,000,  coupled
with an increase of $7,124,000 in trade accounts receivable.  For 2002, net cash
used in operating  activities  was primarily  attributable  to a $1,353,000  net
loss, a $2,475,000  decrease in workers'  compensation  claims liabilities and a
$1,923,000 increase in income taxes receivable, partially offset by a $2,403,000
decrease in accounts  receivable,  a $1,553,000  decrease in deferred income tax
assets and depreciation and amortization of $1,162,000.

         Net cash provided by investing  activities totaled $4,695,000 for 2003,
as compared to net cash  provided by investing  activities of $988,000 for 2002.
For 2003, the principal source of cash provided by investing activities was from
$2,338,000 of proceeds  from the sale and leaseback of two office  buildings and
from net proceeds  totaling  $9,914,000  from maturities and sales of marketable
securities,  offset  in  part  by  $7,226,000  of net  purchases  of  marketable
securities.  These transactions generally represent scheduled maturities and the
replacement of such  securities  held for workers'  compensation  surety deposit
purposes.  For  2002,  the  principal  source  of  cash  provided  by  investing
activities  was  from  proceeds  of  $4,279,000  from  maturities  and  sales of
marketable  securities,  offset in part by $3,116,000 of purchases of marketable
securities.  The Company  presently has no material  long-term  commitments  for
capital expenditures, nor does it anticipate any in the foreseeable future.

         Net cash used in financing  activities for 2003 amounted to $4,182,000,
which  compares to $1,128,000 in 2002.  For 2003,  the principal use of cash for
financing  activities  was for  $3,513,000 of net payments made on the Company's
revolving credit line,  common stock  repurchases  totaling $446,000 pursuant to
its repurchase program and scheduled payments on long-term debt of $433,000. For
2002,  the  principal  use of cash in  financing  activities  was for  scheduled
payments on long-term  debt of $708,000 and common  stock  repurchases  totaling
$386,000.

         The  Company  entered  into a new  Credit  Agreement  (the "New  Credit
Agreement") with its principal bank on March 23, 2004, to be effective March 31,
2004. The New Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of up to
$6.0 million,  which includes a subfeature  under the line of credit for standby
letters of credit for not more than $4.0 million. The interest rate on advances,
if any, will be, at the Company's discretion, either (i) equal to the prime rate
or (ii) LIBOR plus 1.50%. The New Credit Agreement expires July 1, 2005.

         The  revolving  credit  facility  is  collateralized  by the  Company's
assets,  including,  without  limitation,  its accounts  receivable,  equipment,
intellectual property and bank deposits,  and may be prepaid at any time without
penalty.  Pursuant  to the New Credit  Agreement,  the  Company is  required  to
maintain compliance with the following financial covenants:  (1) a Current Ratio
not less than 1.10 to 1.0 with "Current  Ratio"  defined as total current assets
divided by total  current  liabilities;  (2) Tangible Net Worth not less than $8
million,  determined  at each fiscal  quarter  end,  with  "Tangible  Net Worth"
defined as the aggregate of total  stockholders'  equity plus  subordinated debt
less any intangible assets; (3) Total Liabilities  divided by Tangible Net Worth
not greater than 5.00 to 1.0, determined at each fiscal quarter end, with "Total
Liabilities"  defined as the aggregate of current  liabilities  and  non-current
liabilities, less subordinated debt

                                      -23-

<PAGE>

and the deferred gain on the Company's sale and leaseback transaction,  and with
"Tangible Net Worth" as defined  above;  and (4) Net income after taxes not less
than  $1.00 on an annual  basis,  determined  as of each  fiscal  year end,  and
pre-tax profit not less than $1.00 on a quarterly  basis,  determined as of each
fiscal quarter end.

         The New Credit  Agreement  replaces  the  Company's  prior  Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement (the "Prior  Agreement") with the same bank, which was
amended three times during fiscal year 2003. The Prior Agreement  provided for a
revolving credit facility of up to $8.0 million, which included a subfeature for
standby letters of credit for not more than $5.0 million and a term loan but was
subject to asset-based  limits on the amount of available credit.  The term loan
was paid in full as of June 30, 2003.

         Effective  June 30, 2003,  the Company  completed a sale and  leaseback
transaction  involving two office  buildings owned by the Company.  The sale and
leaseback  transaction  provided net cash proceeds of approximately $2.0 million
(after the June 30, 2003 payment of the outstanding  mortgage balance).  The net
proceeds from the  transaction  were applied to the  outstanding  balance on the
Company's credit facility.

         As of December 31,  2003,  the Company had  approximately  $4.7 million
available  under its prior $8.0 million  credit  facility and was in  compliance
with all loan covenants.

         Management expects that current liquid assets, the funds anticipated to
be  generated  from  operations,  and  credit  available  under  the New  Credit
Agreement and other  potential  sources of financing,  will be sufficient in the
aggregate  to fund the  Company's  working  capital  needs  for the  foreseeable
future.

         During  1999,  the  Company's  Board of  Directors  authorized  a stock
repurchase  program to repurchase common shares from time to time in open market
purchases.  Since inception, the Board of Directors has approved seven increases
in the total number of shares or dollars  authorized to be repurchased under the
program.  The stock repurchase  program had $443,000 of remaining  authorization
for the repurchase of additional  shares at December 31, 2003.  During 2003, the
Company repurchased 112,655 shares at an aggregate price of $446,000. Management
anticipates that the capital  necessary to execute this program will be provided
by existing cash balances and other available resources.

Contractual Obligations
         The  Company's  contractual   obligations  as  of  December  31,  2003,
including long-term debt,  commitments for future payments under  non-cancelable
lease  arrangements and long-term workers'  compensation  claims liabilities for
catastrophic injuries, are summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Payments Due by Period
                                            ------------------------------------------
   (in thousands)                                   Less than  1 - 3    4 - 5    After
                                             Total   1 year    years    years   5 years
                                            -------  -------  -------  -------  -------

<S>                                         <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
   Long-term debt                           $  488   $   88   $  400   $    -   $    -
   Operating leases                          4,330    1,297    1,380      521    1,132
   Long-term workers' compensation claims
     liabilities for catastrophic injuries     625       22       50       59      494
                                            -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
   Total contractual cash obligations       $5,443   $1,407   $1,830   $  580   $1,626
                                            =======  =======  =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>



                                      -24-

<PAGE>

Inflation
         Inflation  generally has not been a significant factor in the Company's
operations  during the  periods  discussed  above.  The  Company  has taken into
account  the  impact  of  escalating  medical  and other  costs in  establishing
reserves for future expenses for self-insured workers' compensation claims.


Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         The  Company's  exposure to market  risk for changes in interest  rates
primarily relates to the Company's short-term and long-term debt obligations. As
of December 31,  2003,  the Company had  interest-bearing  debt  obligations  of
approximately  $0.5 million,  which bears interest at a fixed rate. Based on the
Company's  overall  interest rate exposure at December 31, 2003, a 10% change in
market  interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair value of the
Company's long-term debt or its results of operations.  As of December 31, 2003,
the Company had not entered into any  interest  rate  instruments  to reduce its
exposure to interest rate risk.


Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The financial  statements and notes thereto required by this item begin
on page F-1 of this report, as listed in Item 15.


Item 9.  CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.

                                      -25-

<PAGE>

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         The Company's disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
that  information  the Company must  disclose in its reports  filed or submitted
under the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange  Act"), is
recorded,  processed,  summarized, and reported on a timely basis. The Company's
management has evaluated,  with the  participation  and under the supervision of
our chief executive  officer ("CEO") and chief financial  officer  ("CFO"),  the
effectiveness  of our  disclosure  controls and  procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered
by this report.  Based on this evaluation,  our CEO and CFO have concluded that,
as of such date, the Company's  disclosure controls and procedures are effective
in ensuring that information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in
reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,  summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and
is communicated to our management,  including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

         No change in the Company's  internal  control over financial  reporting
occurred  during our last fiscal  quarter that has  materially  affected,  or is
reasonably  likely to materially  affect,  the Company's  internal  control over
financial reporting.

                                      -26-

<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Information required by this Item 10 concerning directors and executive
officers of the Company  appears  under the heading  "Executive  Officers of the
Registrant"  on page 12 of this  report or is  incorporated  into this report by
reference  to the  Company's  definitive  Proxy  Statement  for its 2004  Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days of the Company's fiscal year
end of December 31, 2003 (the "Proxy  Statement"),  in which additional required
information  is included  under the  headings  "Election of  Directors,"  "Stock
Ownership by Principal  Stockholders  and  Management--Section  16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance," and "Code of Ethics."

Audit Committee
         The  Company  has  a  separately-designated  standing  audit  committee
established in accordance with Section  3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act known as
the Audit and  Compliance  Committee.  The  members of the Audit and  Compliance
Committee are Thomas J. Carley,  chairman, and Fores J. Beaudry, James B. Hicks,
Ph.D.,  and Anthony Meeker,  each of whom is independent as that term is used in
Nasdaq listing standards applicable to the Company.

Audit Committee Financial Expert
         The Company's  Board of Directors has determined that Thomas J. Carley,
an audit committee member, qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as
defined  by  Item  401(h)  of  Regulation  S-K  under  the  Exchange  Act and is
independent  as that term is used in Item  7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the
Exchange Act.


Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         Information  required by this Item 11 concerning executive and director
compensation  is  incorporated  into  this  report  by  reference  to the  Proxy
Statement,  in which  required  information  is set  forth  under  the  headings
"Executive  Compensation" and "Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors
- Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation."


Item 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT  AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         Information  required by this Item 12 concerning the security ownership
of certain  beneficial owners and management is incorporated into this report by
reference to the Proxy  Statement,  in which  required  information is set forth
under the heading "Stock  Ownership of Principal  Stockholders  and Management -
Beneficial  Ownership  Table" and "Executive  Compensation  - Additional  Equity
Compensation Plan Information."

                                      -27-

<PAGE>

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         Information  required by this Item 13 concerning certain  relationships
and related  transactions is  incorporated  into this report by reference to the
Proxy Statement,  in which required  information is set forth under the headings
"Meetings  and  Committees  of the Board of Directors -  Compensation  Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Transactions with Management."


Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

         Information  required  by this  Item  14  concerning  fees  paid to our
accountants  is  incorporated  into  this  report  by  reference  to  the  Proxy
Statement, in which required information is set forth under the heading "Matters
Relating to Our Auditor."

                                      -28-

<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

Financial Statements and Schedules
The   Financial    Statements,    together   with   the   report    thereon   of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, are included on the pages indicated below:

                                                                            Page
   Report of Independent Auditors                                            F-1

   Balance Sheets - December 31, 2003 and 2002                               F-2

   Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002      F-3
     and 2001

   Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31,
     2003, 2002 and 2001                                                     F-4

   Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002      F-5
     and 2001

   Notes to Financial Statements                                             F-6

No schedules are required to be filed herewith.

Reports on Form 8-K
The Company filed on December 5, 2003, a Current  Report on Form 8-K dated as of
December  4,  2003,  to report  under  Item 5 that the  Company  had  reached an
agreement in principle to acquire  certain  assets of Skills  Resource  Training
Center ("SRTC")  pursuant to an asset purchase  agreement  effective  January 1,
2004.

Exhibits
Exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index that follows the signature page of this
report.

                                      -29-

<PAGE>

                         Report of Independent Auditors


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Barrett Business Services, Inc.


In our opinion,  the accompanying  balance sheets and the related  statements of
operations,  of  stockholders'  equity and of cash flows present fairly,  in all
material respects,  the financial  position of Barrett Business  Services,  Inc.
(the Company) at December 31, 2003 and 2002,  and the results of its  operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31,
2003, in conformity with accounting  principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.  These  financial  statements are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management;  our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
financial  statements  based on our  audits.  We  conducted  our audits of these
statements  in  accordance  with auditing  standards  generally  accepted in the
United  States of America,  which  require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free of
material  misstatement.  An audit includes examining,  on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements,  assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

As  discussed in Note 1 to the  financial  statements,  the Company  adopted the
provisions  of  Statement  Accounting  Standards  No.  142,  Goodwill  and Other
Intangible Assets, effective January 1, 2002.



/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Portland, Oregon
February 20, 2004, except as to Note 6, which is as of March 23, 2004

                                      F-1
<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Balance Sheets
December 31, 2003 and 2002
(In Thousands, Except Par Value)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                       2003      2002
                                                                     --------  --------
                           ASSETS
Current assets:
<S>                                                                  <C>       <C>
   Cash and cash equivalents                                         $ 7,785   $    96
   Income taxes receivable                                                --     1,923
   Trade accounts receivable, net                                     18,481    11,357
   Prepaid expenses and other                                            958     1,040
   Deferred income taxes                                               2,196     2,111
                                                                     --------  --------

     Total current assets                                             29,420    16,527

Goodwill, net                                                         18,749    18,749
Intangibles, net                                                          13        59
Property and equipment, net                                            3,367     5,167
Restricted marketable securities and workers' compensation deposits    1,647     4,286
Deferred income taxes                                                  1,041     1,445
Other assets                                                             436     1,064
                                                                     --------  --------
                                                                     $54,673   $47,297
                                                                     ========  ========

            LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Current portion of long-term debt                                 $    88   $   434
   Line of credit                                                         --     3,513
   Accounts payable                                                      727       834
   Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits                13,881     4,897
   Workers' compensation claims liabilities                            3,886     3,903
   Safety incentives liability                                         2,007       406
   Other accrued liabilities                                             361       305
                                                                     --------  --------

     Total current liabilities                                        20,950    14,292

Long-term debt, net of current portion                                   400       488
Customer deposits                                                        455       443
Long-term workers' compensation claims liabilities                     1,031     2,492
Other long-term liabilities                                               45       797
Deferred gain on sale and leaseback                                    1,158        --

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 8, 9 and 15)

Stockholders' equity:
   Common stock, $.01 par value; 20,500 shares authorized,
     5,701 and 5,751 shares issued and outstanding                        62        57
   Additional paid-in capital                                          2,903     3,144
   Employee loan                                                        (107)     (107)
   Retained earnings                                                  27,776    25,691
                                                                     --------  --------

                                                                      30,634    28,785
                                                                     --------  --------

                                                                     $54,673   $47,297
                                                                     ========  ========
</TABLE>



   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                      F-2
<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Statements of Operations
Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001
(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          2003       2002         2001
                                                       ---------  ----------   ----------
Revenues:
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>         <C>
   Staffing services                                   $ 93,544    $ 96,750    $123,110
   Professional employer service fees                    29,177      12,558      16,281
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

                                                        122,721     109,308     139,391
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

Cost of revenues:
   Direct payroll costs                                  69,099      71,515      90,750
   Payroll taxes and benefits                            22,916      14,062      17,635
   Workers' compensation                                  9,333       8,766      12,971
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

                                                        101,348      94,343     121,356
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

     Gross margin                                        21,373      14,965      18,035

Selling, general and administrative expenses             17,186      16,008      18,737
Depreciation and amortization                             1,058       1,162       3,277
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

     Income (loss) from operations                        3,129      (2,205)     (3,979)
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

Other (expense) income:
   Interest expense                                        (268)       (278)       (359)
   Interest income                                           82         217         297
   Other, net                                                32          21          45
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

                                                           (154)        (40)        (17)
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

     Income (loss) before income taxes                    2,975      (2,245)     (3,996)

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes                   890        (892)     (1,574)
                                                       ---------   ----------  ----------

     Net income (loss)                                 $  2,085    $ (1,353)   $ (2,422)
                                                       =========   ==========  ==========

Basic earnings (loss) per share                        $    .36    $   (.23)   $   (.39)
                                                       =========   ==========  ==========

Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding       5,690       5,804       6,193
                                                       =========   ==========  ==========

Diluted earnings (loss) per share                      $   . 35    $   (.23)   $   (.39)
                                                       =========   ==========  ==========

Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding     5,876       5,804       6,193
                                                       =========   ==========  ==========
</TABLE>



   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                      F-3

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Statements of Stockholders' Equity
Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001
(In Thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                      Common Stock    Additional
                                    -----------------  Paid-in   Employee   Retained
                                    Shares   Amount    Capital     Loan     Earnings   Total
                                    -------- --------  --------  ---------  --------  ---------

<S>               <C> <C>             <C>      <C>     <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
Balance, December 31, 2000            6,451    $  64   $ 5,387    $    --   $ 29,466  $ 34,917

Repurchase of common stock             (604)      (6)   (2,301)        --         --    (2,307)
Stock option compensation                --       --        17         --         --        17
Reclassification of accrued stock
   option compensation to equity         --       --       358         --         --       358
Employee loan                            --       --        --        (29)        --       (29)
Net loss                                 --       --        --         --     (2,422)   (2,422)
                                    -------- --------  --------  ---------  --------  ---------

Balance, December 31, 2001            5,847       58     3,461        (29)    27,044    30,534

Common stock issued on exercise of
   options                                5       --        14         --         --        14
Repurchase of common stock             (101)      (1)     (385)        --         --      (386)
Payment to shareholder                   --       --       (28)        --         --       (28)
Purchase of option rights                --       --       (31)        --         --       (31)
Reclassification of accrued stock
   option compensation to equity         --       --       113         --         --       113
Employee loan                            --       --        --        (78)        --       (78)
Net loss                                 --       --        --         --     (1,353)   (1,353)
                                    -------- --------  --------  ---------  --------  ---------

Balance, December 31, 2002            5,751       57     3,144       (107)    25,691    28,785

Common stock issued on exercise of
   options                               63        6        67         --         --        73
Repurchase of common stock             (113)      (1)     (445)        --         --      (446)
Tax benefit of stock option exercises    --       --       137         --         --       137
Net income                               --       --        --         --      2,085     2,085
                                    -------- --------  --------  ---------  --------  ---------

Balance, December 31, 2003            5,701    $  62   $ 2,903    $  (107)  $ 27,776  $ 30,634
                                    ========   ======  ========   ========= ========= =========

</TABLE>




   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                       F-4

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Statements of Cash Flows
Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001
(In Thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               2003    2002       2001
                                                                             -------  -------   -------
Cash flows from operating activities:
<S>                                                                          <C>      <C>       <C>
   Net income (loss)                                                         $ 2,085  $(1,353)  $(2,422)
   Reconciliations of net income (loss)  to net cash provided by operating
     activities:
     Depreciation and amortization                                             1,058    1,162     3,277
     Gain on sale of property                                                     --       --       (46)
     Gain on sale of marketable securities                                       (49)     (24)       --
     Gain recognized on sale and leaseback                                       (61)      --        --
     Deferred income taxes                                                       319    1,553    (1,568)
     Changes in certain assets and liabilities, net of amounts purchased
       in acquisitions:
        Trade accounts receivable, net                                        (7,124)   2,403     6,900
        Income taxes receivable                                                1,923   (1,923)       --
        Prepaid expenses and other                                                82      (18)      200
        Accounts payable                                                        (107)     148      (327)
        Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits                    8,984     (155)   (2,353)
        Other accrued liabilities                                                 56      (84)   (1,233)
        Workers' compensation claims liabilities                              (1,478)  (2,475)    3,343
        Safety incentives liability                                            1,601       26       (49)
        Customer deposits and other assets, net                                  639        5      (113)
        Other long-term liabilities                                             (752)    (171)      (32)
                                                                             -------  -------   -------

     Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                       7,176     (906)    5,577
                                                                             -------  -------   -------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Proceeds from sale and leaseback of buildings                               2,338       --        --
   Cash paid for acquisitions, including other direct costs                       --       --       (31)
   Proceeds from sale of property                                                 --       --       266
   Purchase of equipment, net of amounts purchased in acquisitions              (331)    (175)     (269)
   Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities                           7,642    3,472     2,436
   Proceeds from sales of marketable securities                                2,272      807        --
   Purchase of marketable securities                                          (7,226)  (3,116)   (2,221)
                                                                             -------  -------   -------

     Net cash provided by investing activities                                 4,695      988       181
                                                                             -------  -------  -------

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from credit-line borrowings                                       46,042   48,629    62,638
   Payments on credit-line borrowings                                        (49,555) (48,540)  (61,842)
   Payments on long-term debt                                                   (433)    (708)   (3,592)
   Payment to shareholder                                                         --      (28)       --
   Purchase of option rights                                                      --      (31)       --
   Loan to employee                                                               --      (78)      (29)
   Repurchase of common stock                                                   (446)    (386)   (2,307)
   Proceeds from the exercise of stock options                                    73       14        --
   Tax benefit of stock option exercises                                         137       --        --
                                                                             -------  -------   -------

     Net cash used in financing activities                                    (4,182)  (1,128)   (5,132)
                                                                             -------  -------   -------

     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      7,689   (1,046)      626

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                      96    1,142       516
                                                                             -------  -------   -------

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                       $ 7,785  $    96   $ 1,142
                                                                             -------  -------   -------

Supplemental schedule of noncash activities:
   Acquisition of other businesses:
     Cost of acquisitions in excess of fair market value of net assets
      acquired                                                               $    --  $    --   $    31

</TABLE>


   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                      F-5

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements


1.  Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies

    Nature of operations
    Barrett Business  Services,  Inc.  ("Barrett" or the "Company"),  a Maryland
    corporation, is engaged in providing both staffing and professional employer
    services to a  diversified  group of  customers  through a network of branch
    offices  throughout  Washington,  Oregon,  California,   Arizona,  Maryland,
    Delaware and North Carolina.  Approximately 78%, 74% and 79%,  respectively,
    of the Company's  revenues during 2003,  2002 and 2001 were  attributable to
    its Oregon and California operations.

    Revenue recognition
    The Company  recognizes  revenue as services are rendered by its  workforce.
    Staffing  services are engaged by customers to meet short-term and long-term
    personnel needs. Professional employer services ("PEO") are normally used by
    organizations  to  satisfy  ongoing  human  resource  management  needs  and
    typically  involve  contracts  with a minimum  term of one  year,  renewable
    annually, which cover all employees at a particular work site.

    The Company's cost of revenues for staffing  services is comprised of direct
    payroll  costs,  employer  payroll  related taxes and employee  benefits and
    workers'  compensation.  The  Company's  cost of revenues  for PEO  services
    includes  employer payroll related taxes and workers'  compensation.  Direct
    payroll  costs  represent  the gross  payroll  earned by  staffing  services
    employees  based on salary  or  hourly  wages.  Payroll  taxes and  employee
    benefits  consist of the employer's  portion of Social Security and Medicare
    taxes,  federal  unemploy-ment  taxes, state unemployment taxes and staffing
    services employee reimbursements for materials, supplies and other expenses,
    which  are  paid  by the  customer.  Workers'  compensation  costs  consists
    primarily of the costs associated with the Company's  self-insured  workers'
    compensation program,  such as claims reserves,  claims administration fees,
    legal fees,  state and federal  administrative  agency fees and  reinsurance
    costs  for  catastrophic  injuries.  The  Company  also  maintains  separate
    workers'  compensation  insurance  policies for employees  working in states
    where the Company is not  self-insured.  Safety  incentives  represent  cash
    incentives paid to certain PEO client  companies for  maintaining  safe-work
    practices in order to minimize workplace injuries. The incentive is based on
    a percentage  of annual  payroll and is paid  annually to customers who meet
    predetermined workers' compensation claims cost objectives.

    Cash and cash equivalents
    The  Company  considers  non-restricted  short-term  investments,  which are
    highly liquid,  readily  convertible into cash, and have original maturities
    of less than  three  months,  to be cash  equivalents  for  purposes  of the
    statements of cash flows.

    Allowance for doubtful accounts
    The Company had an allowance  for doubtful  accounts of $146,000 and $41,000
    at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. The Company must make estimates
    of  the  collectibility  of  accounts   receivables.   Management   analyzes
    historical bad debts, customer concentrations,  customer  credit-worthiness,
    current  economic  conditions and changes in customers'  payment trends when
    evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.

                                      F-6

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


1.  Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

    Deferred income taxes
    The  Company  calculates  income  taxes in  accordance  with  SFAS No.  109,
    "Accounting for Income Taxes", which requires recognition of deferred income
    tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax  consequences of events that
    have been  included  in the  financial  statements  and income tax  returns.
    Valuation  allowances  are  established  when  necessary to reduce  deferred
    income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

    Marketable securities
    At December 31, 2003 and 2002,  marketable securities consisted primarily of
    governmental  debt instruments with maturities  generally from 90 days to 20
    years  (see  Note  5).  Marketable   securities  have  been  categorized  as
    held-to-maturity  and, as a result,  are stated at amortized cost.  Realized
    gains and losses on sales of  marketable  securities  are  included in other
    (expense) income on the Company's statements of operations.  During the year
    ended  December 31, 2003,  the Company  sold certain  restricted  marketable
    securities  due  to  a  decrease  in  the  statutory   surety   requirements
    established by the State of Oregon Workers' Compensation Division.

    Intangibles
    In July 2001,  the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB")  issued
    Statement  of Financial  Accounting  Standard No.  ("SFAS")  141,  "Business
    Combinations"  and SFAS 142,  "Goodwill  and Other  Intangible  Assets." The
    Company's  adoption date for SFAS 141 was July 1, 2001 and the adoption date
    for SFAS 142 was  January 1, 2002.  With  respect to SFAS 142,  the  Company
    performed a goodwill impairment test as of the adoption date and at December
    31, 2002 and 2003 and has determined there was no impairment to its recorded
    goodwill.  The Company  will  perform a goodwill  impairment  test  annually
    during  the  fourth  quarter  and  whenever  events or  circumstances  occur
    indicating  that  goodwill  might be  impaired.  Effective  January 1, 2002,
    amortization of all goodwill ceased.  There were no changes in goodwill from
    December  31,  2001 to  December  31,  2003.  The  impact of this  change is
    summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                            ---------------------------------
                                              2003        2002        2001
                                            ---------   ---------   ---------
Reported net income (loss)                  $  2,085    $ (1,353)   $ (2,422)
Add back: goodwill amortization, net of tax       --          --       1,327
                                            ---------   ---------   ---------
Adjusted net income (loss)                  $  2,085    $ (1,353)   $ (1,095)
                                            ---------   ---------   ---------

Reported net income (loss) per share        $    .35    $   (.23)   $   (.39)
Adjusted net income (loss) per share             .35        (.23)       (.18)



    The  Company's  intangible  assets are comprised of covenants not to compete
    arising from prior year  acquisitions and have contractual lives principally
    ranging from three to five years. (See Note 3.)

                                      F-7

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


1.  Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

    Property and equipment
    Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Expenditures for maintenance and
    repairs are charged to operating  expense as incurred,  and expenditures for
    additions  and  betterments  are  capitalized.  The cost of  assets  sold or
    otherwise  disposed  of  and  the  related   accumulated   depreciation  are
    eliminated from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in
    the statements of operations.

    Depreciation   of  property  and  equipment  is   calculated   using  either
    straight-line  or  accelerated  methods over estimated  useful lives,  which
    range from 3 years to 10 years.

    Safety incentives liability
    Safety  incentives  represent  cash  incentives  paid to certain  PEO client
    companies for maintaining safe-work practices in order to minimize workplace
    injuries.  The incentive is based on a percentage  of annual  payroll and is
    paid  annually to customers  who meet  predetermined  workers'  compensation
    claims  cost  objectives.  Safety  incentive  payments  are made only  after
    closure of all workers'  compensation  claims incurred during the customer's
    contract  period.  The  liability is estimated  and accrued each month based
    upon  the  then-current   amount  of  the  customer's   estimated   workers'
    compensation  claims  reserves as established  by the Company's  third party
    administrator.

    Customer deposits
    The Company requires  deposits from certain  professional  employer services
    customers  to cover a  portion  of its  accounts  receivable  due from  such
    customers in the event of default of payment.

    Statements of cash flows
    Interest  paid during  2003,  2002 and 2001 did not  materially  differ from
    interest expense.

    Income taxes paid by the Company in 2003 totaled $567,000.  The Company paid
    no income taxes in 2002 and 2001.

    Basic and diluted earnings per share
    Basic earnings per share are computed  based on the weighted  average number
    of common  shares  outstanding  for each year.  Diluted  earnings  per share
    reflect the potential  effects of the exercise of outstanding stock options.
    Basic and diluted shares outstanding are summarized as follows:

                                      F-8
<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


1.  Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

    Basic and diluted earnings per share (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            Year Ended
                                                                           December 31,
                                                               ---------------------------------
                                                                 2003        2002         2001
                                                               ---------   ---------   ---------

<S>                                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding            5,690,261   5,804,231   6,193,119

Stock option plan shares to be issued at prices ranging from
    $1.45 to $17.75 per share                                    586,674          --          --

Less:   Assumed purchase at average market price during the
        period using proceeds received upon exercise of
        options and purchase of stock, and using tax benefits
        of compensation due to premature dispositio             (400,808)         --          --
                                                               ---------   ---------   ---------

Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding          5,876,127   5,804,231   6,193,119
                                                               =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>


    As a result of the net loss  reported for the years ended  December 31, 2002
    and 2001, 23,978 and 25,779,  respectively,  of potential common shares have
    been excluded from the  calculation  of diluted loss per share because their
    effect would be anti-dilutive.

    Stock option compensation
    The  Company  applies APB  Opinion  No. 25 and  related  interpretations  in
    accounting  for its  stock  incentive  plan.  Accordingly,  no  compensation
    expense has been  recognized  for its stock option  grants  issued at market
    price  because the exercise  price of the Company's  employee  stock options
    equals the market  price of the  underlying  stock on the date of grant.  If
    compensation  expense for the Company's  stock-based  compensation  plan had
    been determined  based on the fair market value at the grant date for awards
    under  the Plan  consistent  with  the  method  of  Statement  of  Financial
    Accounting  Standards  ("SFAS") No. 123, the Company's net income (loss) and
    earnings  (loss) per share would have been adjusted to the pro forma amounts
    indicated below:

                                      F-9

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


1.  Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

    Stock option compensation (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  2003       2002        2001
                                                                 -------   --------    --------
      (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                              <C>       <C>         <C>
      Net income (loss), as reported                             $ 2,085   $ (1,353)   $ (2,422)
      Add back compensation expense recognized under
        APB No. 25                                                    --         --          17
      Deduct: Total stock-based  compensation expense
        determined under fair value based method for all awards,
        net of related tax effects                                  (176)      (168)       (237)
                                                                 -------    -------    --------
      Net income (loss), pro forma                               $ 1,909   $ (1,521)   $ (2,642)
                                                                 -------    -------    --------
      Basic earnings (loss) per share, as reported               $   .36   $   (.23)   $   (.39)
      Basic earnings (loss) per share, pro forma                     .34       (.26)       (.43)
      Diluted earnings (loss) per share, as reported                 .35       (.23)       (.39)
      Diluted earnings (loss) per share, pro forma                   .33       (.26)       (.43)

</TABLE>


    The effects of applying SFAS No. 123 for providing pro forma disclosures for
    2003,  2002 and 2001 are not likely to be  representative  of the effects on
    reported  net income for future  years,  because  options  vest over several
    years and additional awards generally are made each year.

    Reclassifications  Certain  prior year  amounts  have been  reclassified  to
    conform with the 2003 presentation.  Such reclassifications had no impact on
    gross margin, operating results or shareholder equity.

    Accounting estimates
    The  preparation of the Company's  financial  statements in conformity  with
    accounting  principles  generally  accepted in the United  States of America
    requires  management  to make  estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect the
    reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of contingent
    assets  and  liabilities  at the date of the  financial  statements  and the
    reported  amounts of revenues and  expenses  during the  reporting  periods.
    Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other
    assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,  the
    results  of which  form the basis for making  judgments  about the  carrying
    values of assets and  liabilities  that are not readily  apparent from other
    sources. Actual results may differ from such estimates.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


1.  Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

    Recent accounting pronouncements
    In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB or the "Board")
    issued  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 142 (SFAS 142),
    "Goodwill  and  Other  Intangible  Assets."  SFAS  142  supersedes  APB  17,
    Intangible  Assets,  and is  effective  for  fiscal  years  beginning  after
    December 14, 2001. SFAS 142 primarily  addresses the accounting for goodwill
    and  intangible  assets  subsequent  to  their  initial   recognition.   The
    provisions   of  SFAS  142  prohibit  the   amortization   of  goodwill  and
    indefinite-lived   intangible   assets,   and  require  that   goodwill  and
    indefinite-lived  intangible  assets be tested annually for impairment.  The
    Company  adopted the  provisions of SFAS 141 and 142 in the first quarter of
    2002.

    In June 2001,  the FASB  issued SFAS No. 143,  "Accounting  for  Obligations
    Associated  with the Retirement of Long-Lived  Assets." SFAS 143 establishes
    accounting standards for the recognition and measurement of asset retirement
    obligations and the associated asset  retirement  costs. The Company adopted
    the provisions of SFAS No. 143 in the first quarter of 2003. The adoption of
    SFAS  143 did  not  have a  material  impact  on the  Company's  results  of
    operations or financial position.

    In May 2002, the FASB issued SFAS 145, "Rescission of FAS Nos. 4, 44 and 64,
    Amendment of FAS 13, and Technical  Corrections."  Among other things,  SFAS
    145 rescinds various  pronouncements  regarding early extinguishment of debt
    and allows extraordinary  accounting treatment for early extinguishment only
    when  the  provisions  of  Accounting   Principles  Board  Opinion  No.  30,
    "Reporting  the Results of Operations - Reporting the Effects of Disposal of
    a  Segment  of a  Business,  and  Extraordinary,  Unusual  and  Infrequently
    Occurring Events and  Transactions"  are met. SFAS 145 provisions  regarding
    early  extinguishment  of debt are  generally  effective  for  fiscal  years
    beginning  after  May 15,  2002.  The  adoption  of SFAS  145 did not have a
    material  impact  on  the  Company's  results  of  operations  or  financial
    position.

    In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS 146, "Accounting for the Costs Associated
    with  Exit  or  Disposal  Activities."  SFAS  146  addresses  the  financial
    accounting and reporting for  obligations  associated with an exit activity,
    including  restructuring.  Exit activities include,  but are not limited to,
    eliminating or reducing product lines,  terminating  employees and contracts
    and  relocating  plant  facilities or personnel.  SFAS 146 specifies  that a
    company  will  record  a  liability  for a cost  associated  with an exit or
    disposal  activity only when that  liability is incurred and can be measured
    at fair value.  Therefore,  commitment to an exit plan or a plan of disposal
    expresses only management's intended future actions and, therefore, does not
    meet the requirement  for  recognizing a liability and the related  expense.
    SFAS  146  is  effective  prospectively  for  exit  or  disposal  activities
    initiated  after December 31, 2002. The adoption of SFAS 146 in 2003 did not
    have a material  impact on the Company's  results of operations or financial
    position.

    In December  2002,  the FASB issued  SFAS 148,  "Accounting  for Stock Based
    Compensation - Transition  and  Disclosure."  SFAS 148 provides  alternative
    methods of transition for a voluntary  change to the fair value based method
    of accounting for stock-based employee  compensation and requires fair value
    method pro forma disclosures to be

                                      F-11

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


1.  Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

    Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)
    displayed more prominently and in a tabular format.  Additionally,  SFAS 148
    requires similar disclosures in interim financial statements. The transition
    and disclosure  requirements  of SFAS 148 were adopted by the Company in the
    fourth quarter of 2002.

    In  November  2002,  the FASB  issued  Interpretation  No.  45  "Guarantor's
    Accounting and Disclosure  Requirements for Guarantees,  Including  Indirect
    Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others" (FIN 45), which elaborates on required
    disclosures  by a guarantor in its financial  statements  about  obligations
    under  certain  guarantees  that it has issued and  clarifies the need for a
    guarantor to recognize, at the inception of certain guarantees,  a liability
    for the fair value of the  obligation  undertaken in issuing the  guarantee.
    The  Company  has  reviewed  the  provisions  of FIN 45  relating to initial
    recognition  and measurement of guarantor  liabilities,  which are effective
    for qualifying  guarantees entered into or modified after December 31, 2002.
    The  adoption  of FIN 45 did not have a  material  impact  on the  Company's
    results of operations or financial position.

    In January 2003, the FASB issued  Interpretation  No. 46  "Consolidation  of
    Variable  Interest  Entities" (FIN 46). FIN 46 clarifies the  application of
    Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51, "Consolidated Financial Statements," to
    certain entities in which equity  investors do not have the  characteristics
    of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk
    for the entity to finance its  activities  without  additional  subordinated
    financial support from other parties, In December 2003, the FASB published a
    revision of FIN 46 (FIN 46R), in part to clarify  certain of the  provisions
    and implementation  issues of FIN 46. Fin 46 applies immediately to variable
    interest entities (VIEs created after January 31, 2003, and to VIEs in which
    an enterprise  obtains an interest after that date). It applies in the first
    fiscal year or interim  period  ending after  December 15, 2003,  to VIEs in
    which an  enterprise  holds a  variable  interest  that it  acquired  before
    February 1, 2003.  The adoption of FIN 46 did not have a material  impact on
    the Company's results of operations or financial position.

    In April 2003,  the FASB issued SFAS 149,  "Amendment  of  Statement  133 on
    Derivative   Instruments  and  Hedging  Activities."  SFAS  149  amends  and
    clarifies  financial  accounting and reporting for  derivative  instruments,
    including  certain  derivative   instruments  embedded  in  other  contracts
    (collectively  referred to as derivatives) and for hedging  activities under
    SFAS 133,  "Accounting for Derivative  Instruments and Hedging  Activities."
    SFAS 149 is generally effective for contracts entered into or modified after
    June 30, 2003.  The  adoption of SFAS 149 did not have a material  impact on
    the Company's results of operations or financial position.

    In May 2003,  the FASB issued SFAS 150,  "Accounting  for Certain  Financial
    Instruments with  Characteristics  of both Liabilities and Equity." SFAS 150
    establishes  standards  for how an issuer  classifies  and measures  certain
    financial  instruments with  characteristics of both liabilities and equity.
    SFAS 150 requires  that an issuer  classify a financial  instrument  that is
    within its scope as a liability  if that  financial  instrument  embodies an
    obligation to the issuer.

                                      F-12

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


1.  Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

    Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)
    SFAS 150 is effective  for  financial  instruments  entered into or modified
    after May 31, 2003, and otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first
    interim  period  beginning  after  June 15,  2003,  except  for  mandatorily
    redeemable financial instruments of nonpublic entities. The adoption of SFAS
    150 did not have a material impact on the Company's results of operations or
    financial position.


2.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Concentration of Credit Risk

    All of the Company's  financial  instruments  are  recognized in its balance
    sheet.  Carrying  values  approximate  fair market  value of most  financial
    assets  and  liabilities.   The  fair  market  value  of  certain  financial
    instruments was estimated as follows:

    -  Marketable  securities - Marketable  securities primarily consist of U.S.
       Treasury bills and municipal  bonds.  The interest rates on the Company's
       marketable  security  investments  approximate  current  market rates for
       these  types  of  investments;  therefore,  the  recorded  value  of  the
       marketable securities approximates fair market value.

    -  Long-term  debt - The  interest  rates on the  Company's  long-term  debt
       approximate  current market rates,  based upon similar  obligations  with
       like  maturities;   therefore,  the  recorded  value  of  long-term  debt
       approximates the fair market value.

    Financial  instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration
    of credit risk consist primarily of temporary cash  investments,  marketable
    securities and trade accounts  receivable.  The Company restricts investment
    of  temporary  cash  investments  and  marketable  securities  to  financial
    institutions  with high credit ratings and to  investments  in  governmental
    debt instruments.  Credit risk on trade receivables is minimized as a result
    of the large and diverse nature of the Company's  customer base. At December
    31,  2003,  the Company  had  significant  concentrations  of credit risk as
    follows:

    -  Marketable  securities - $1,296,000 of marketable  securities at December
       31, 2003 consisted of U.S. Treasury bills and U.S. Treasury notes.

    -  Trade  receivables  - Trade  receivables  from two  customers  aggregated
       $910,000 at December  31, 2003 (6% of trade  receivables  outstanding  at
       December 31, 2003).

                                      F-13

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


3.  Intangibles

    Intangibles consist of the following (in thousands):


                                                                  December 31,
                                                              ------------------
                                                                2003      2002
                                                              --------  --------

      Covenants not to compete                                $ 3,709   $ 3,709

      Less accumulated amortization                             3,696     3,650
                                                              --------  --------

                                                              $    13   $    59
                                                              ========  ========


4.  Property and Equipment

    Property and equipment consist of the following (in thousands):


                                                                 December 31,
                                                              ------------------
                                                                2003      2002
                                                              --------  --------

      Office furniture and fixtures                           $ 4,443   $ 4,474
      Computer hardware and software                            4,582     4,581
      Buildings                                                    --     1,272
                                                              --------  --------

                                                                9,025    10,327

      Less accumulated depreciation and amortization            5,658     5,468
                                                              --------  --------

                                                                3,367     4,859

      Land                                                         --       308
                                                              --------  --------

                                                              $ 3,367   $ 5,167
                                                              ========  ========

    Effective  June  30,  2003,  the  Company  completed  a sale  and  leaseback
    transaction  involving two office  buildings owned by the Company  providing
    net cash  proceeds  of  approximately  $2.0  million  (after  payment of the
    outstanding mortgage balance).


5.  Workers' Compensation Claims Liabilities

    The Company is a self-insured employer with respect to workers' compensation
    coverage  for  all  its  employees   (including  employees  subject  to  PEO
    contracts)  working in Oregon,  Maryland,  Delaware and  California.  In the
    state of Washington,  state law allows only the Company's  staffing services
    and  management  employees to be covered  under the  Company's  self-insured
    workers' compensation program.

    The Company has provided a total of  $4,917,000  and  $6,395,000 at December
    31, 2003 and 2002,  respectively,  as an estimated  liability  for unsettled
    workers'  compensation  claims  liabilities.  The  estimated  liability  for
    unsettled  workers'   compensation   claims  represents   management's  best
    estimate, which includes, in part, an evaluation of information provided

                                      F-14

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


5.  Workers' Compensation Claims Liabilities (Continued)

    by the Company's third-party administrators for workers' compensation claims
    and its independent  actuary, who annually assist management to estimate the
    total future costs of all claims,  including  potential  future adverse loss
    development.  Included in the claims  liabilities are case reserve estimates
    for reported  losses,  plus  additional  amounts  based on  projections  for
    incurred  but not  reported  claims,  anticipated  increases in case reserve
    estimates and additional claims administration expenses. These estimates are
    continually reviewed and adjustments to liabilities are reflected in current
    operating  results as they  become  known.  The  Company  believes  that the
    difference  between amounts  recorded for its estimated  liabilities and the
    possible  range of costs to settle related claims is not material to results
    of  operations;  nevertheless,  it is reasonably  possible that  adjustments
    required in future periods may be material to results of operations.

    Liabilities incurred for work-related employee fatalities,  as determined by
    the state in which the accident  occurred,  are recorded either at an agreed
    lump-sum  settlement  amount or the net  present  value of future  fixed and
    determinable  payments  over  the  actuarially   determined  remaining  life
    expectancy  of the  beneficiary,  discounted at a rate that  approximates  a
    long-term,  high-quality  corporate  bond rate.  During  2003,  the  Company
    maintained   excess   workers'   compensation   insurance   to   limit   its
    self-insurance exposure to $750,000 per occurrence in all states. The excess
    insurance provided statutory coverage above the aforementioned exposures.

    At December 31, 2003, the Company's  long-term workers'  compensation claims
    liabilities  in  the  accompanying   balance  sheet  included  $625,000  for
    work-related  fatalities.  The aggregate undiscounted pay-out amount related
    to the  catastrophic  injuries and  fatalities is  $1,304,000.  The discount
    rates applied to the discounted liabilities range from 7.05% to 9.00%. These
    rates  represented the  then-current  rates for high quality  long-term debt
    securities available at the date of loss with maturities equal to the length
    of the  pay-out  period to the  beneficiaries.  The  actuarially  determined
    pay-out periods to the beneficiaries  range from 7 to 38 years. As a result,
    the five-year cash requirements related to these claims are immaterial.

    The states of Oregon, Maryland,  Washington,  Delaware and the United States
    Department  of Labor  require the Company to maintain  specified  investment
    balances or other financial instruments, totaling $4,737,000 at December 31,
    2003 and $8,968,000 at December 31, 2002, to cover potential  claims losses.
    In partial  satisfaction  of these  requirements,  at December 31, 2003, the
    Company has provided  standby  letters of credit in the amount of $3,141,000
    and  surety  bonds  totaling  $907,000.  The  investments  are  included  in
    restricted  marketable  securities and workers' compensation deposits in the
    accompanying  balance sheets. Prior to July 1, 2003, the state of California
    required  the  Company to  maintain a  $4,036,000  letter of credit to cover
    potential  claims  losses.  Effective  July 1, 2003,  the  Company  became a
    participant in California's  new alternative  security  program and paid the
    state an annual fee of $234,000,  which was  determined by several  factors,
    including the amount of a future security deposit and the Company's  overall
    credit rating.  Upon payment of the  alternative  security  program fee, the
    State of  California  agreed to allow the  Company's  letter of credit to be
    terminated.  For the period May 1, 1996  through  July 1, 2001,  the Company
    maintained a multi-state workers' compensation insurance policy with a

                                      F-15

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


5.  Workers' Compensation Claims Liabilities (Continued)

    retention  level of $350,000 per occurrence.  This policy provided  workers'
    compensation  coverage for most of the states in which the Company  operated
    for  which  the  Company  was not  self-insured  for  workers'  compensation
    purposes. Pursuant to this arrangement, the Company provided standby letters
    of credit to the insurance  company  totaling  $145,000 at December 31, 2003
    and $685,000 at December 31, 2002.


6.  Credit Facility

    The Company  entered  into a second  amendment  to the Amended and  Restated
    Credit Agreement (the  "Agreement")  with its principal bank effective April
    30, 2003. The Agreement  provides for a revolving  credit  facility of up to
    $8.0  million,  which  includes  a  subfeature  under the line of credit for
    standby  letters of credit for not more than $5.0 million and a term loan in
    the original amount of $693,750  bearing interest at an annual rate of 7.4%,
    as to which the  outstanding  principal  balance was paid in full as of June
    30, 2003.

    Under  the  terms  of  the  Agreement,   the  Company's  total   outstanding
    borrowings,  to a maximum  of $8.0  million,  may not at any time  exceed an
    aggregate of (i) 85% of the Company's  eligible billed accounts  receivable,
    plus (ii) 65% of the Company's eligible unbilled accounts receivable (not to
    exceed $1.5  million).  Subsequent to the quarter ended  September 30, 2003,
    the bank reduced the interest  rate on advances from an annual rate of prime
    rate plus two percent to prime plus one percent. The Agreement expires March
    31, 2004.

    Effective  June  30,  2003,  the  Company  completed  a sale  and  leaseback
    transaction  involving two office  buildings owned by the Company.  The sale
    and leaseback  transaction  provided net cash proceeds of approximately $2.0
    million  (after  the June  30,  2003  payment  of the  outstanding  mortgage
    balance).  The  net  proceeds  from  the  transaction  were  applied  to the
    outstanding  balance on the Company's  credit  facility,  effective  July 1,
    2003.

    Effective May 22, 2003,  the Company  entered into a third  amendment to the
    Agreement  with its principal  bank,  whereby the bank agreed to temporarily
    increase  the total amount  available  under the credit  facility  from $8.0
    million to $11.0 million until July 30, 2003 to accommodate a short delay in
    the closing of the  Company's  sale and  leaseback of two office  buildings.
    Effective July 31, 2003, the amount  available under the credit facility was
    $8.0 million.

    Effective July 22, 2003, the Company entered into a fourth  amendment to the
    Agreement  with its  principal  bank,  whereby  the bank agreed to allow the
    Company to invest in equity securities of publicly-traded companies believed
    to offer strategic value or benefit to the Company, in amounts not to exceed
    an  aggregate  of  $200,000  plus any  investment  gains (net of any losses)
    thereon.

                                      F-16

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


6.  Credit Facility (Continued)

    As of  December  31,  2003,  the  Company  had  approximately  $4.7  million
    available  under its $8.0 million credit facility and was in compliance with
    all loan covenants.

    The Company entered into a new Credit Agreement (the "New Credit Agreement")
    with its principal bank on March 23, 2004, effective March 31, 2004. The New
    Credit  Agreement  provides  for a revolving  credit  facility of up to $6.0
    million,  which  includes a subfeature  under the line of credit for standby
    letters of credit for not more than $4.0 million.  The interest rate options
    on advances, if any, will be, at the Company's discretion,  either (i) equal
    to the prime rate or (ii) LIBOR plus 1.50%. The New Credit Agreement expires
    July 1, 2005.

    The revolving  credit facility is  collateralized  by the Company's  assets,
    including,   without  limitation,   its  accounts   receivable,   equipment,
    intellectual  property  and bank  deposits,  and may be  prepaid at any time
    without  penalty.  Pursuant  to the New  Credit  Agreement,  the  Company is
    required to maintain compliance with the following financial covenants:  (1)
    a Current  Ratio not less than 1.10 to 1.0 with "Current  Ratio"  defined as
    total current assets divided by total current liabilities;  (2) Tangible Net
    Worth not less than $8.0  million,  determined  at each fiscal  quarter end,
    with  "Tangible Net Worth"  defined as the aggregate of total  stockholders'
    equity  plus  subordinated  debt  less  any  intangible  assets;  (3)  Total
    Liabilities  divided by  Tangible  Net Worth not  greater  than 5.00 to 1.0,
    determined at each fiscal quarter end, with "Total  Liabilities"  defined as
    the  aggregate of current  liabilities  and  non-current  liabilities,  less
    subordinated debt and the current and long-term portion of the Deferred Gain
    on Sale and Leaseback,  and with "Tangible Net Worth" as defined above;  and
    (4) Net  income  after  taxes  not  less  than  $1.00  on an  annual  basis,
    determined  as of each  fiscal year end,  and  pre-tax  profit not less than
    $1.00 on a quarterly basis, determined as of each fiscal quarter end.

    During the year ended  December 31, 2003,  the maximum  balance  outstanding
    under the revolving  credit  facility was  $4,846,000,  the average  balance
    outstanding was $2,141,000,  and the weighted  average  interest rate during
    the period was 5.74%.  The weighted  average  interest  rate during 2003 was
    calculated using daily weighted averages.


                                      F-17

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


7.  Long-Term Debt

    Long-term debt consists of the following:


                                                                  December 31,
                                                                ---------------
                                                                 2003     2002
                                                                ------  ------
                                                                (in thousands)
Note payable in annual installments of $200,000 for years
  2002, 2005 and 2006 and $87,500 for years 2003 and 2004,
  plus simple interest at 5.00% per annum through 2006          $ 488    $ 575
Mortgage note payable in monthly installments of $6,408,
  including interest at 7.40% per annum through 2003, with a
  principal payment of $325,000 paid in 2003, secured by land      --      347
  and building                                                  ------   ------
                                                                  488      922

Less portion due within one year                                   88      434
                                                                ------   ------

                                                                $ 400    $ 488
                                                                ======   ======

    Maturities on long-term  debt are summarized as follows at December 31, 2003
    (in thousands):

           Year ending
           December 31,
           ------------

              2004                               $  88
              2005                                 200
              2006                                 200
                                                 ------

                                                 $ 488
                                                 ======


8.  Savings Plan

    The Company has a Section  401(k)  employee  savings plan for the benefit of
    its  eligible  employees.  All  employees  21 years  of age or older  become
    eligible to participate  in the savings plan upon  completion of 1,000 hours
    of service in any consecutive  12-month period following the initial date of
    employment.  Employees covered under a co-employer  ("PEO") contract receive
    credit for prior  employment  with the PEO client  for  purposes  of meeting
    savings plan service eligibility. The determination of Company contributions
    to the plan, if any, is subject to the sole discretion of the Company.

    Participants'  interests  in Company  contributions  to the plan vest over a
    seven-year period. No discretionary  company  contributions were made to the
    plan for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002.

    After  several  years of study,  on April 24,  2002,  the  Internal  Revenue
    Service  ("IRS")  issued Revenue  Procedure  2002-21 ("Rev Proc") to provide
    relief  with  respect  to  certain  defined  contribution  retirement  plans
    maintained by a PEO that benefit worksite  employees.  The Rev Proc outlines
    the steps necessary for a PEO to avoid plan disqualification for violating

                                      F-18

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


8.  Savings Plan (Continued)

    the exclusive benefit rule. Essentially, a PEO must either (1) terminate its
    plan;  (2) convert its plan to a "multiple  employer  plan" by December  31,
    2003; or (3) transfer the plan assets and  liabilities  to a customer  plan.
    Effective  December  1, 2002,  the  Company  converted  its 401(k) plan to a
    "multiple employer plan".


9.  Commitments

    Lease commitments
    The Company leases its offices under operating lease agreements that require
    minimum annual payments as follows (in thousands):


                 Year ending
                December 31,
                ------------

                    2004                            $ 1,297
                    2005                                915
                    2006                                465
                    2007                                279
                    2008                                242
               2009 and thereafter                    1,132
                                                    --------

                                                    $ 4,330
                                                    ========

    Rent  expense  for the years  ended  December  31,  2003,  2002 and 2001 was
    approximately $1,499,000, $1,741,000 and $1,811,000, respectively.


10. Related Party Transactions

    During the period from January 1, 2002 to May 1, 2002, the Company  recorded
    revenues of $138,000 and cost of revenues of $132,000 for providing services
    to a company owned by Barrett's  President and Chief Executive Officer,  Mr.
    William W.  Sherertz.  Effective  May 1, 2002,  this  company was sold to an
    unrelated third-party. During 2001, the Company recorded revenues of $26,000
    and cost of revenues of $25,000 to this  Company and at December  31,  2001,
    Barrett had trade receivables due from this Company of $19,000.

    During  2001,  pursuant  to  the  approval  of  all  disinterested   outside
    directors,  the Company  agreed to loan Mr.  Sherertz up to $60,000  between
    December  2001 and June 2002 to assist  Mr.  Sherertz  in  meeting  his debt
    service  obligations  of interest only on a personal loan from the Company's
    principal  bank,  which is secured by his holdings of Company stock.  In the
    spring of 2002, with the approval of all  disinterested  outside  directors,
    the  Company  agreed  to  extend  its  financial  commitment  to lend to Mr.
    Sherertz amounts equal to an additional two quarterly interest-only payments
    in July and September  2002. The Company's note receivable from Mr. Sherertz
    bears interest at prime less 50 basis points,  which is the same rate as Mr.
    Sherertz's  personal loan from the bank.  As of December 31, 2003,  the note
    receivable from Mr. Sherertz totaled approximately  $107,000 and is shown as
    contra equity in the Statements of Stockholders' Equity.

                                      F-19

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


10. Related Party Transactions (Continued)

    During  2001,  pursuant  to  the  approval  of  all  disinterested   outside
    directors,  the Company entered into a split dollar life insurance agreement
    with Mr. Sherertz's personal trust. Terms of the agreement provide that upon
    Mr.  Sherertz's  death, the Company will recoup from his trust all insurance
    premiums paid by the Company. During each of 2002 and 2001, the Company paid
    annual life insurance premiums of approximately $56,000. In addition, during
    each of 2002 and  2001,  the  Company  paid a cash  bonus  of  approximately
    $39,000 to Mr. Sherertz in connection with his personal  expenses related to
    the split dollar life  insurance  program.  During 2003, the Company paid no
    insurance  premiums in  connection  with this split  dollar  life  insurance
    agreement.

    In October 2001, the Company  entered into an agreement with Mr. Sherertz to
    rent a residence in La Quinta,  California  owned by Mr. Sherertz for use in
    entertaining  the  Company's  customers.  During  2003,  2002 and 2001,  the
    Company paid Mr. Sherertz $99,000,  $97,000 and $23,000,  respectively,  for
    rental of the property.


11. Income Taxes

    The   provisions  for  (benefit  from)  income  taxes  are  as  follows  (in
    thousands):

                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                 2003       2002        2001
                                              ---------  ----------  ----------
      Current:
        Federal                                 $  500    $ (2,452)   $     24
        State                                       52           7           2
                                                -------   ---------   ---------
                                                   552      (2,445)         26
                                                -------   ---------   ---------
      Deferred:
        Federal                                    210       1,592      (1,356)
        State                                      128         (39)       (244)
                                                -------   ---------   ---------
                                                   338       1,553      (1,600)
                                                -------   ---------   ---------

         Total provision (benefit)              $  890    $   (892)   $ (1,574)
                                                =======   =========   =========

                                      F-20

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


11. Income Taxes (Continued)

    Deferred  income tax assets  (liabilities)  are  comprised of the  following
    components (in thousands):


                                                              2003      2002
                                                           --------- ----------

      Gross deferred income tax assets:
        Workers' compensation claims liabilities            $ 1,913    $ 2,488
        Safety incentives payable                               722         99
        Allowance for doubtful accounts                          57         16
        Fixed assets                                            474         --
        Deferred compensation                                   101        510
        Net operating losses and tax credits                    562        542
        Other                                                    94         63
                                                            --------   --------
                                                              3,923      3,718
                                                            --------   --------
      Gross deferred income tax liabilities:
        Tax depreciation in excess of book depreciation         (54)       (93)
        Amortization of intangibles                            (632)       (69)
                                                            --------   --------
                                                               (686)      (162)
                                                            --------   --------

        Net deferred income tax assets                      $ 3,237    $ 3,556
                                                            ========   ========

    The effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory federal tax rate due
    to the following:


                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                  2003         2002       2001
                                                 -------      -------    -------

      Statutory federal tax rate                  34.0 %      (34.0)%    (34.0)%
      State taxes, net of federal benefit          4.0         (1.0)      (4.0)
      Nondeductible expenses and other, net       (2.4)         5.9        0.2
      Nondeductible amortization of intangibles     --           --        2.2
      Federal tax-exempt interest income           (.5)        (2.6)      (1.8)
      Federal tax credits                         (5.2)        (8.0)      (2.0)
                                                 -------      -------    -------

                                                  29.9 %      (39.7)%    (39.4)%
                                                 =======      =======    =======

    At  December  31,  2003,  the Company  had state tax loss  carryforwards  of
    $5,403,000, which expire in varying amounts between 2008 and 2023.

    In the tax year ended December 31, 2003, the Company  generated and utilized
    $177,000  and  $56,000 in U.S.  Federal  Work  Opportunity  Tax  Credits and
    Welfare to Work Tax Credits, respectively. At December 31, 2003, the Company
    had $304,000 and $88,000 of unused U.S. Federal Work Opportunity Tax Credits
    and Welfare to Work Tax Credits.

    The nondeductible  expenses pertain to meals, certain entertainment expenses
    and life insurance premiums.

                                      F-21

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


12. Stock Incentive Plans

    The Company's 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2003 Plan") which provides for
    stock-based awards to Company employees,  non-employee directors and outside
    consultants or advisors,  was approved by  shareholders on May 14, 2003. The
    number of shares of common stock  reserved for issuance  under the 2003 Plan
    is 400,000.  No new grants of stock  options may be made under the Company's
    1993 Stock  Incentive  Plan (the "1993 Plan").  At March 10, 2003 there were
    option  awards  covering  520,095  shares  outstanding  under the 1993 Plan,
    which,  to the extent they are terminated  unexercised,  are carried over to
    the 2003  Plan as  shares  authorized  to be  issued  under  the 2003  Plan.
    Outstanding  options under both plans generally  become  exercisable in four
    equal  annual  installments  beginning  one year after the date of grant and
    expire ten years after the date of grant.  The  exercise  price of incentive
    stock  options must not be less than the fair market value of the  Company's
    stock on the date of grant.

    In addition,  certain of the  Company's  branch  management  employees  have
    elected to receive a portion  of their  quarterly  cash bonus in the form of
    nonqualified  deferred  compensation stock options. Such options are awarded
    at a 60% discount from the then-fair market value of the Company's stock and
    are fully vested and immediately  exercisable  upon grant.  During 2001, the
    Company awarded deferred  compensation  stock options for 7,811 shares at an
    average exercise price of $1.45 per share. During 2002 and 2003, the Company
    made no awards of deferred  compensation  stock options.  In accordance with
    Accounting  Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, the Company  recognized
    compensation  expense of $17,000 for the year ended  December 31,  2001,  in
    connection with the issuance of these discounted options.

    On August 22, 2001, the Company  offered to all employee  optionees who held
    options  with an  exercise  price of more than $5.85 per share  (covering  a
    total  of  812,329  shares),  the  opportunity  to  voluntarily  return  for
    cancellation  without  payment any stock option award with an exercise price
    above that price.  At the close of the offer period on  September  20, 2001,
    stock options for a total of 797,229 shares were voluntarily surrendered for
    cancellation.  On  August  20,  2002,  the  Compensation  Committee  of  the
    Company's  board of directors  approved  the issuance of options  covering a
    total of 357,000 shares to then-current employees.

                                      F-22

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


12. Stock Incentive Plans (Continued)

    A summary of the status of the Company's stock options at December 31, 2003,
    2002 and 2001,  together  with changes  during the periods  then ended,  are
    presented below:

                                                                      Weighted
                                                           Number     average
                                                            of        exercise
                                                          options      price
                                                         ---------    --------

     Outstanding at December 31, 2000                     955,662     $ 10.44

     Options granted at market price                       99,562        3.74
     Options granted below market price                     7,811        1.45
     Options voluntarily surrendered                     (797,229)      11.53
     Options canceled or expired                          (13,600)       8.72
                                                         ---------

     Outstanding at December 31, 2001                     252,206

     Options granted at market price                      372,719        3.16
     Options exercised                                    (16,556)       3.67
     Options canceled or expired                          (88,174)       3.58
                                                         ---------

     Outstanding at December 31, 2002                     520,195
     Options granted at market price                      170,549        3.98
     Options exercised                                    (75,719)       3.59
     Options canceled or expired                          (29,566)       4.02
                                                         ---------

     Outstanding at December 31, 2003                     585,459
                                                         =========

     Available for grant at December 31, 2003             258,917
                                                         =========


    The fair value of each option  grant is estimated on the date of grant using
    the Black-Scholes  option-pricing model, with the following weighted-average
    assumptions used for grants in 2003, 2002 and 2001:


                                                      2003      2002      2001
                                                     -------  -------   -------
      Expected volatility                               62%      58%       56%
      Risk free rate of return                        3.22%    2.94%     4.59%
      Expected dividend yield                            0%       0%        0%
      Expected life (years)                            5.0      5.0       5.0



    Total fair  value of options  granted  at market  price was  computed  to be
    $369,000,  $571,000 and $197,000 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002
    and 2001, respectively.  Total fair value of options granted at 60% discount
    to market price was computed to be approximately  $21,000 for the year ended
    December 31, 2001.  There were no options granted during 2003 and 2002 below
    market  price.  The  weighted  average  fair value per share of all  options
    granted in 2003, 2002 and 2001 was $2.16, $1.53 and $2.03, respectively.

                                      F-23

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


12. Stock Incentive Plans (Continued)

    The following table summarizes  information about stock options  outstanding
    at December 31, 2003:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       Options outstanding                       Options exercisable
-----------------------------------------------------------   -------------------------
                                               Weighted-
                                   Weighted-   average        Exercisable     Weighted-
                                   average     remaining          at           average
                        Number     exercise    contractual    December 31,    exercise
Exercise price range   of shares    price      life (years)     2003            price
--------------------  ----------   ---------   ------------   ------------    ---------
<C>          <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
$  1.45   -  $  3.58    472,717     $  3.07        8.8           60,467        $  2.92
   3.63   -     7.75     92,193        4.29        6.9           36,061           4.87
  11.50   -    17.75     20,549       14.38        7.5            7,000          13.58
                      ---------                               -----------
                        585,459                                 103,528
                      =========                               ===========

</TABLE>

    At December 31, 2003,  2002 and 2001,  103,528,  84,778 and 135,344  options
    were  exercisable at weighted  average  exercise prices of $4.32,  $4.79 and
    $4.21, respectively.


13. Stockholders' Equity

    During  2002  and  2001,  the  Company  reclassified  accrued  stock  option
    compensation  from current  liabilities  to equity  related to stock options
    previously  issued at a 60% discount to market price. The compensation  cost
    associated  with the options was previously  recognized as an expense by the
    Company in the year of grant.

    During 2002, the Company received a final  liquidating  distribution  from a
    former  insolvent  customer.   The  customer's   receivable  was  personally
    guaranteed by the Company's  President and Chief Executive Officer,  who had
    previously  satisfied  the  guarantee to the Company in full.  As such,  the
    payment by the Company of approximately  $28,000 to the Company's  President
    represented  a  partial   recovery  for  the  guarantor  of  the  guaranteed
    receivable.

    During 2003, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $137,000 resulting from
    disqualifying  dispositions of stock option exercises.  The Company recorded
    this tax benefit in additional paid-in capital.


14. Stock Repurchase Program

    During 1999, the Company's Board of Directors  authorized a stock repurchase
    program  to  purchase  common  shares  from  time to  time  in  open  market
    purchases.  Since  inception,  the Board has approved seven increases in the
    total number of shares or dollars  authorized  to be  repurchased  under the
    program. The repurchase program currently allows for $444,000 to be used for
    the  repurchase of additional  shares as of December 31, 2003.  During 2003,
    the Company  repurchased  112,700 shares at an aggregate  price of $446,000.
    During 2002, the Company repurchased 100,900 shares at an aggregate price of
    $386,000. During 2001,

                                      F-24

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


14. Stock Repurchase Program (Continued)

    the Company  repurchased 603,600 shares at an aggregate price of $2,307,000.
    In accordance  with Maryland  corporation  law, all  repurchased  shares are
    immediately cancelled.


15. Litigation

    The Company is subject to legal  proceedings and claims,  which arise in the
    ordinary course of its business. In the opinion of management, the amount of
    ultimate  liability with respect to currently pending or threatened  actions
    is not expected to materially  affect the  financial  position or results of
    operations of the Company.


16. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

      (in thousands, except per share amounts and market price per share)

                                             First      Second       Third      Fourth
                                            Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Quarter
                                           --------    --------    --------    --------
      Year ended December 31, 2001
<S>                                        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
        Revenues                           $ 35,397    $ 33,853    $ 37,901    $ 32,240
        Cost of revenues                     30,055      28,675      31,927      30,699
        Net (loss) income                      (211)       (184)        242      (2,269)
        Basic (loss) earnings per share        (.03)       (.03)        .04        (.38)
        Diluted (loss) earnings per share      (.03)       (.03)        .04        (.38)
        Common stock market prices:
         High                              $   4.00    $   3.97    $   4.25    $   5.06
         Low                                   3.38        3.30        3.05        3.04

      Year ended December 31, 2002
        Revenues                           $ 25,738    $ 27,766    $ 30,090    $ 25,714
        Cost of revenues                     21,951      23,414      25,717      23,261
        Net (loss) income                      (417)          1          56        (993)
        Basic (loss) earnings per share        (.07)         --         .01        (.17)
        Diluted (loss) earnings per share      (.07)         --         .01        (.17)
        Common stock market prices:
         High                              $   4.00    $   4.00    $   3.50    $   4.00
         Low                                   3.15        2.74        2.01        2.67

      Year ended December 31, 2003
        Revenues                           $ 23,397    $ 27,902    $ 34,773    $ 36,649
        Cost of revenues                     20,028      23,446      28,422      29,452
        Net (loss) income                      (343)        167         943       1,318
        Basic (loss) earnings per share        (.06)        .03         .17         .23
        Diluted (loss) earnings per share      (.06)        .03         .16         .22
        Common stock market prices:
         High                              $   3.75    $   3.65    $   7.41    $  15.13
         Low                                   2.31        2.64        3.00        7.00

</TABLE>




                                      F-25

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

17. Subsequent Event

    Subsequent  to year end,  effective  January 1, 2004,  the Company  acquired
    certain  assets of Skills  Resource  Training  Center  ("SRTC"),  a staffing
    services company with nine offices in Central Washington, Eastern Oregon and
    Southern  Idaho.  The Company paid $3,000,000 in cash for the assets of SRTC
    and the selling  shareholders'  noncompete agreements and agreed to issue up
    to 135,731 shares of its common stock  ("Earnout  Shares"),  with the actual
    number of  Earnout  Shares to be issued  based  upon the level of  financial
    performance achieved by the SRTC offices during calendar 2004.


                                      F-26



<PAGE>

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
                                       Registrant

Date:  March 29, 2004                  By:  /s/ Michael D. Mulholland
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Michael D. Mulholland
                                            Vice President-Finance and Secretary

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and
in the capacities indicated on the 29th day of March, 2004.

Principal Executive Officer and Director:

* WILLIAM W. SHERERTZ                  President and Chief Executive Officer
                                         and Director

Principal Financial Officer:

/s/ Michael D. Mulholland              Vice President-Finance and Secretary
-------------------------
Michael D. Mulholland

Principal Accounting Officer:

/s/ James D. Miller                    Controller and Assistant Secretary
-------------------------
James D. Miller

Majority of Directors:

* FORES J. BEAUDRY                     Director

* JAMES B. HICKS                       Director

* ANTHONY MEEKER                       Director

* NANCY B. SHERERTZ                    Director


* By  /s/ Michael D. Mulholland
      -------------------------
      Michael D. Mulholland
      Attorney-in-Fact

<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

3.1   Charter of the  Registrant,  as  amended.  Incorporated  by  reference  to
      Exhibit  3 to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  for the
      quarter ended June 30, 1994.

3.2   Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      3.2 to the  Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form  10-K for the year  ended
      December 31, 1996.

      The Registrant has incurred long-term  indebtedness as to which the amount
      involved is less than 10 percent of the  Registrant's  total  assets.  The
      Registrant  agrees to furnish copies of the  instruments  relating to such
      indebtedness to the Commission upon request.

10.1  Second Amended and Restated 1993 Stock  Incentive Plan of the  Registrant.
      Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.1 to the  Registrant's  Annual
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001.*

10.2  Form of  Indemnification  Agreement with each director of the  Registrant.
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Registration
      Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-61804).*

10.3  Deferred  Compensation  Plan for Management  Employees of the  Registrant.
      Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.3 to the  Registrant's  Annual
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997.*

10.4  Employment  Agreement  between the Registrant  and Michael D.  Mulholland,
      dated January 26, 1999.  Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
      Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31,
      1998.*

10.5  Promissory   note  of  William  W.  Sherertz   dated  December  10,  2001.
      Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.5 to the  Registrant's  Annual
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001.*

10.6  Credit  Agreement  dated as of March 31, 2004,  between the Registrant and
      Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

10.7  Revolving Line of Credit Note dated as of March 31, 2004, in the amount of
      $6,000,000 issued to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

10.8  Continuing  Security  Agreement  Equipment  dated  as  of  May  22,  2003.
      Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit  10.3 to the  Registrant's  Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed June 12, 2003.

10.9  Continuing  Security  Agreement Rights to Payment dated as of September 2,
      2002,  executed  in  favor of  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  N.A.  Incorporated  by
      reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the  Registrant's  Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on September 4, 2002.

10.10 2003  Stock   Incentive  Plan  of  the   Registrant   (the  "2003  Plan").
      Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the  Registrant's  Quarterly
      Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003.*

10.11 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Plan.*

10.12 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Plan.*

10.13 Form of Annual Director Option Agreement under the 2003 Plan.*

<PAGE>

14    Code of Business Conduct.

23    Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent auditors.

24    Power of attorney of certain officers and directors.

31.1  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).

31.2  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).

32    Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.


*  Denotes a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
