<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>bbs10-k03.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002
                         Commission File Number 0-21886

                         BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                    Maryland                              52-0812977
         (State or other jurisdiction of                 (IRS Employer
         incorporation or organization)               Identification No.)

             4724 SW Macadam Avenue
                Portland, Oregon                             97239
    (Address of principal executive offices)              (Zip Code)

                     (503) 220-0988 (Registrant's telephone
                          number, including area code)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                     Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share
                                (Title of class)

     Indicate by check mark  whether the  Registrant:  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No __

     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an  accelerated  filer (as
indicated by Exchange Act Rule 12 b-2) Yes _ No X

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.
           ----

     State  the   aggregate   market   value  of  the  common   equity  held  by
non-affiliates of the Registrant: $8,164,615 at June 28, 2002.

     Indicate  the  number of  shares  outstanding  of each of the  Registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:

             Class                          Outstanding at February 28, 2003
             -----                          --------------------------------
Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share              5,751,035 Shares

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of the definitive  Proxy  Statement for the 2003 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders are hereby incorporated by reference into Part III of Form 10-K.


<PAGE>


                         BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
                         2002 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                        PART I                              Page
                                                                            ----

Item 1.    Business                                                            2

Item 2.    Properties                                                         11

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings                                                  11

Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                12

           Executive Officers of the Registrant                               12

                                     PART II

Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder      13
           Matters

Item 6.    Selected Financial Data                                            14

Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
           Results of Operations                                              15

Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk         25

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                        25

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
           Financial Disclosure                                               25

                                    PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                 26

Item 11.   Executive Compensation                                             26

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
           and Related Stockholder Matters                                    26

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                     26

Item 14.   Controls and Procedures                                            27


                                     PART IV

Item 15.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K   28

Financial Statements                                                         F-1

Signatures and Certifications

Exhibit Index

                                      -1-
<PAGE>


                                     PART I



Item 1.  BUSINESS

GENERAL
     Barrett  Business  Services,   Inc.  ("Barrett"  or  the  "Company"),   was
incorporated  in the state of  Maryland  in 1965.  Barrett  is a  leading  human
resource  management  company.  The Company  provides  comprehensive  outsourced
solutions   addressing  the  costs  and   complexities   of  a  broad  array  of
employment-related  issues for businesses of all sizes. Employers are faced with
increasing  complexities in employment laws and regulations,  employee  benefits
and  administration,  federal,  state  and  local  payroll  tax  compliance  and
mandatory  workers'  compensation  coverage,  as  well  as the  recruitment  and
retention  of quality  employees.  The Company  believes  that  outsourcing  the
management of various  employer and human resource  responsibilities,  which are
typically considered non-core functions, enables organizations to focus on their
core competencies, thereby improving operating efficiencies.

     Barrett's  range of services  and  expertise in human  resource  management
encompasses five major  categories:  payroll  processing,  employee benefits and
administration,  workers' compensation  coverage,  effective risk management and
workplace safety  programs,  and human resource  administration,  which includes
functions such as recruiting,  interviewing,  drug testing,  hiring,  placement,
training  and  regulatory  compliance.  These  services are  typically  provided
through a variety of contractual  arrangements,  as part of either a traditional
staffing  service  or a  professional  employer  organization  ("PEO")  service.
Staffing  services  include  on-demand  or  short-term   staffing   assignments,
long-term  or  indefinite-term  contract  staffing,  and  comprehensive  on-site
personnel management responsibilities.  In a PEO arrangement, the Company enters
into a  contract  to  become a  co-employer  of the  client  company's  existing
workforce  and  assumes  responsibility  for some or all of the  human  resource
management  responsibilities.  The Company's  target PEO clients  typically have
limited  resources  available to effectively  manage these matters.  The Company
believes  that its  ability  to offer  clients a broad mix of  staffing  and PEO
services differentiates it from its competitors and benefits its clients through
(i) lower  recruiting  and personnel  administration  costs,  (ii)  decreases in
payroll expenses due to lower workers'  compensation and health insurance costs,
(iii)  improvements  in  workplace  safety  and  employee  benefits,  (iv) lower
employee  turnover  and (v)  reductions  in  management  resources  expended  in
employment-related  regulatory compliance. For 2002, Barrett's staffing services
revenues represented 88.5% of total revenues, compared to 11.5% for PEO services
revenues.

     Barrett provides services to a diverse array of customers, including, among
others,  electronics  manufacturers,   various  light-manufacturing  industries,
forest products and  agriculture-based  companies,  transportation  and shipping
enterprises,  food processing,  telecommunications,  public  utilities,  general
contractors  in numerous  construction-related  fields and various  professional
services  firms.   During  2002,  the  Company  provided  staffing  services  to
approximately  2,900 customers,  down from 3,300 in 2001. Although a majority of
the Company's staffing customers are small to mid-sized businesses,  during 2002
approximately 20 of the Company's customers each utilized Barrett employees in a
number  ranging from at least 200 employees to as many as 425 employees  through
various staffing services arrangements.  In addition,  Barrett had approximately
300 PEO clients at December 31,  2002,  compared to 380 at December 31, 2001 and
Barrett  employed  approximately  3,100  and  3,500  employees  pursuant  to PEO
contracts  at December  31,  2002 and 2001,  respectively.  The  decrease in the
number of PEO  customers at December 31, 2002 was primarily due to the Company's
decision to  discontinue  doing  business with  customers who were not providing
adequate  profit margins or represented  unacceptable  levels of risk associated
with credit or workplace safety.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

     The  Company  operates  through a network  of 26 branch  offices in Oregon,
California,  Washington, Maryland, Delaware, Arizona and North Carolina. Barrett
also has several  smaller  recruiting  offices in its general market areas under
the direction of a branch office.

OPERATING STRATEGIES
     The Company's principal operating  strategies are to: (i) provide effective
human  resource  management  services  through a unique and  efficient  blend of
staffing and PEO  arrangements,  (ii)  promote a  decentralized  and  autonomous
management  philosophy and structure,  (iii) leverage branch office economies of
scale,  (iv) motivate  employees  through regular profit sharing and (v) control
workers' compensation costs through effective risk management.

GROWTH STRATEGIES
     The Company's  principal growth strategies are to: (i) support,  strengthen
and expand branch office operations, (ii) enhance management information systems
to support  continued growth and to improve  customer  services and (iii) expand
through  acquisitions of human  resource-related  businesses in new and existing
geographic markets.

ACQUISITIONS
     The Company reviews  acquisition  opportunities on a periodic basis.  While
growth  through  acquisition  has  historically  been  a  major  element  of the
Company's  overall  strategic  growth plan,  there can be no assurance  that any
additional acquisitions will be completed in the foreseeable future, or that any
future  acquisitions  will have a positive effect on the Company's  performance.
Acquisitions  involve a number of potential  risks,  including  the diversion of
management's  attention to the  assimilation  of the operations and personnel of
the acquired  companies,  exposure to workers'  compensation  and other costs in
differing regulatory  environments,  adverse short-term effects on the Company's
operating   results  and   integration   of  management   information   systems.
Management's  current focus is on returning the Company to profitability  rather
than pursuing acquisition opportunities.

THE COMPANY'S SERVICES
     Overview of Services.  Barrett's  services are typically provided through a
variety of contractual  arrangements,  as part of either a traditional  staffing
service  or a  PEO  service.  These  contractual  arrangements  also  provide  a
continuum of human resource  management  services.  While some services are more
frequently  associated with Barrett's  co-employer  arrangements,  the Company's
expertise  in such areas as safety  services  and  personnel-related  regulatory
compliance may also be utilized by its staffing  services  customers through the
Company's human resource  management  services.  The Company's range of services
and expertise in human resource management encompasses five major categories:

         o    Payroll  Processing.  For both the Company's staffing services and
              PEO employees,  the Company performs all functions associated with
              payroll   administration,   including   preparing  and  delivering
              paychecks,  computing  tax  withholding  and  payroll  deductions,
              handling  garnishments,  computing  vacation  and  sick  pay,  and
              preparing W-2 forms and  accounting  reports  through  centralized
              operations at its headquarters in Portland, Oregon.

         o    Employee  Benefits  and  Administration.  As a result of its size,
              Barrett is able to offer employee benefits which are typically not
              available  at  an  affordable  cost  to  many  of  its  customers,
              particularly  those with fewer than 100 employees.  These benefits
              include  health care  insurance,  a 401(k) savings plan, a Section

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

              125  cafeteria  plan,  life  and  disability   insurance,   claims
              administration and a nonqualified deferred compensation plan.

         o    Safety  Services.  Barrett  offers  safety  services  to both  its
              staffing  services and PEO customers in keeping with its corporate
              philosophy  of "making  the  workplace  safer." The Company has at
              least one risk manager  available at each branch office to perform
              workplace  safety  assessments  for each of its  customers  and to
              recommend  actions  to achieve  safer  operations.  The  Company's
              services  include  safety  training  and safety  manuals  for both
              workers   and   supervisors,   job-site   visits   and   meetings,
              improvements  in  workplace  procedures  and  equipment to further
              reduce  the risk of  injury,  compliance  with OSHA  requirements,
              environmental  regulations,   workplace  regulation  by  the  U.S.
              Department   of   Labor   and   state    agencies   and   accident
              investigations.   As  discussed   under   "Self-Insured   Workers'
              Compensation   Program"  below,   the  Company  also  pays  safety
              incentives to its customers who achieve  improvements in workplace
              safety.

         o    Workers'  Compensation  Coverage.  Beginning in 1987,  the Company
              obtained  self-insured  employer status for workers'  compensation
              coverage  in Oregon  and is  currently  a  qualified  self-insured
              employer in many of the states in which it  operates.  Through its
              third-party  administrators,  Barrett  provides claims  management
              services to its PEO customers.  As discussed  under  "Self-Insured
              Workers'   Compensation   Program"   below,   the  Company   works
              aggressively at managing job injury claims,  including identifying
              fraudulent  claims and utilizing  its staffing  services to return
              workers to active employment  earlier.  As a result of its efforts
              to manage workers'  compensation  costs, the Company is often able
              to reduce its clients' overall expenses arising out of job-related
              injuries and insurance.

         o    Human  Resource  Administration.  Barrett  offers its  clients the
              opportunity    to   leverage   the    Company's    experience   in
              personnel-related  regulatory  compliance.  For both its  staffing
              services  employees  and PEO  clients,  the  Company  handles  the
              burdens of advertising,  recruitment,  skills testing,  evaluating
              job  applications  and references,  drug  screening,  criminal and
              motor vehicle records  reviews,  hiring,  and compliance with such
              employment  regulatory  areas as  immigration,  the Americans with
              Disabilities Act, and federal and state labor regulations.

     STAFFING  SERVICES.   Barrett's  staffing  services  include  on-demand  or
short-term staffing assignments, contract staffing, long-term or indefinite-term
on-site  management  and  human  resource  administration.  Short-term  staffing
involves employee demands caused by such factors as seasonality, fluctuations in
customer  demand,  vacations,  illnesses,  parental leave,  and special projects
without  incurring  the  ongoing  expense  and  administrative  responsibilities
associated with recruiting, hiring and retaining additional permanent employees.
As more and more  companies  focus on  effectively  managing  variable costs and
reducing fixed overhead, the use of employees on a short-term basis allows firms
to utilize  the  "just-in-time"  approach  for their  personnel  needs,  thereby
converting a portion of their fixed personnel costs to a variable expense.

     Contract  staffing  refers  to  the  Company's   responsibilities  for  the
placement of employees  for a period of more than three months or an  indefinite
period. This type of arrangement often involves outsourcing an entire department
in a large corporation or providing the workforce for a large project.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

     In an on-site management arrangement, Barrett places an experienced manager
on site at a  customer's  place of  business.  The  manager is  responsible  for
conducting all recruiting, screening, interviewing, testing, hiring and employee
placement  functions at the  customer's  facility for a long-term or  indefinite
period.

     The  Company's  staffing  services  customers  operate in a broad  range of
businesses,   including   forest  products  and   agriculture-based   companies,
electronic   manufacturers,   transportation   and  shipping   companies,   food
processors,  professional  firms and  construction  contractors.  Such customers
range in size from small local firms to companies with international operations,
which use Barrett's services on a domestic basis. None of the Company's staffing
services  customers  individually  accounted  for more than 3% of its total 2002
revenues.

     In 2002, the light  industrial  sector generated  approximately  73% of the
Company's staffing services revenues,  while clerical office staff accounted for
21% of such  revenues and  technical  personnel  represented  the balance of 6%.
Light industrial workers in the Company's employ perform such tasks as operation
of machinery, manufacturing,  loading and shipping, site preparation for special
events,  construction-site cleanup and janitorial services.  Technical personnel
include  electronic  parts  assembly  workers  and  designers  and  drafters  of
electronic parts.

     Barrett  emphasizes  prompt,  personalized  service in  assigning  quality,
trained,  drug-free  personnel at  competitive  rates to its  staffing  services
customers.  The Company uses internally developed computer databases of employee
skills and  availability  at each of its branches to match  customer  needs with
available  qualified  employees.  The Company  emphasizes the  development of an
understanding  of the  unique  requirements  of  its  clientele  by its  account
managers.  Customers are offered a "money-back"  guarantee if dissatisfied  with
staffing employees placed by Barrett.

     The  Company  utilizes a variety  of methods to recruit  its work force for
staffing  services,  including  among others,  referrals by existing  employees,
newspaper  advertising  and  marketing  brochures  distributed  at colleges  and
vocational  schools.  The employee  application  process  includes an interview,
skills  assessment  test,  reference   verification  and  drug  screening.   The
recruiting of qualified  employees  requires more effort when unemployment rates
are  low.  In   mid-2000,   the  Company   implemented   a  new,   comprehensive
pre-employment   screening   test  to  further   ensure  that   applicants   are
appropriately qualified for employment.

     Barrett's  staffing  services  employees  are not under its direct  control
while  working  at a  customer's  business.  Barrett  has  not  experienced  any
significant  liability due to claims arising out of negligent acts or misconduct
by its staffing services employees.  The possibility exists,  however, of claims
being  asserted  against the Company  which may exceed the  Company's  liability
insurance coverage,  with a resulting negative effect on the Company's financial
condition.

     PEO SERVICES. Many businesses,  particularly those with a limited number of
employees,  find personnel administration  requirements to be unduly complex and
time consuming. These businesses often cannot justify the expense of a full-time
human resource staff. In addition,  the escalating  costs of health and workers'
compensation insurance in recent years, coupled with the increased complexity of
laws  and  regulations  affecting  the  workplace,  have  created  a  compelling
opportunity  for small to mid-sized  businesses  to outsource  these  managerial
burdens. The outsourcing of non-core business functions,  such as human resource
administration,  enables small  enterprises to devote their limited resources to
their core competencies.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

     In a PEO services  arrangement,  Barrett enters into a contract to become a
co-employer  of the  client  company's  existing  workforce.  Pursuant  to  this
contract,  Barrett assumes  responsibility for some or all of the human resource
management  responsibilities,  including  payroll  and payroll  taxes,  employee
benefits,  health insurance,  workers' compensation  coverage,  workplace safety
programs, compliance with federal and state employment laws, labor and workplace
regulatory requirements and related administrative responsibilities. Barrett has
the  right to hire  and fire its PEO  employees,  although  the  client  company
remains responsible for day-to-day assignments, supervision and training and, in
most cases, recruiting.

     The Company  began  offering PEO  services to Oregon  customers in 1990 and
subsequently  expanded these  services to other states.  The Company has entered
into  co-employer  arrangements  with  a  wide  variety  of  clients,  including
companies  involved in moving and shipping,  professional  firms,  construction,
retail,  manufacturing  and distribution  businesses.  PEO clients are typically
small to mid-sized  businesses  with up to 100 employees.  None of the Company's
PEO clients individually accounted for more than 3% of its total annual revenues
during 2002.

     Prior to entering into a co-employer  arrangement,  the Company performs an
analysis of the potential  client's actual  personnel and workers'  compensation
costs based on  information  provided by the customer.  Barrett  introduces  its
workplace safety program and recommends improvements in procedures and equipment
following a safety  inspection of the customer's  facilities which the potential
client must agree to implement as part of the co-employer  arrangement.  Barrett
also  offers  financial  incentives  to PEO  clients  to  maintain  a  safe-work
environment.

     The Company's  standard PEO services agreement provides for services for an
indefinite  term,  until notice of  termination  is given by either  party.  The
agreement  permits  cancellation by either party upon 30 days written notice. In
addition,  the Company may  terminate  the  agreement at any time for  specified
reasons,  including  nonpayment or failure to follow Barrett's  workplace safety
program.

     The form of agreement also provides for  indemnification  of the Company by
the client  against  losses  arising out of any default by the client  under the
agreement,  including failure to comply with any employment-related,  health and
safety or  immigration  laws or  regulations.  The Company also requires the PEO
client to maintain comprehensive  liability coverage in the amount of $1 million
for acts of its  work-site  employees.  In  addition,  the  Company  has  excess
liability  insurance  coverage.  Although no claims exceeding such policy limits
have been paid by the Company to date,  the  possibility  exists that claims for
amounts in excess of sums available to the Company  through  indemnification  or
insurance  may be  asserted  in the future,  which  could  adversely  affect the
Company's profitability.

SALES AND MARKETING
     The Company's  marketing  efforts are  principally  focused on branch-level
development of local business  relationships.  On a regional and national level,
efforts are made to expand and align the Company's services to fulfill the needs
of local  customers  with  multiple  locations,  which may include using on-site
Barrett  personnel  and the  opening of  additional  offices  to better  serve a
customer's broader geographic needs.

BILLING
     Through centralized  operations at the Company's  headquarters in Portland,
Oregon, the Company prepares invoices weekly for its staffing services customers
and following the end of each payroll period for PEO clients.  Health  insurance
premiums are passed  through to PEO clients.  Payment terms for most PEO clients
are due on the  invoice  date.


                                      -6-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

SELF-INSURED  WORKERS'  COMPENSATION  PROGRAM
     A principal service provided by Barrett to its customers,  particularly its
PEO  clients,  is workers'  compensation  coverage.  As the  employer of record,
Barrett is responsible for complying with applicable statutory  requirements for
workers' compensation  coverage.  The Company's workplace safety services,  also
described  under "Overview of Services," are closely tied to its approach to the
management of workers' compensation risk.

     ELEMENTS OF WORKERS' COMPENSATION SYSTEM. State law (and, for certain types
of employees,  federal law)  generally  mandates that an employer  reimburse its
employees  for the  costs of  medical  care and  other  specified  benefits  for
injuries or illnesses, including catastrophic injuries and fatalities,  incurred
in the  course  and  scope of  employment.  The  benefits  payable  for  various
categories  of  claims  are  determined  by state  regulation  and vary with the
severity  and nature of the injury or illness and other  specified  factors.  In
return for this  guaranteed  protection,  workers'  compensation is an exclusive
remedy and  employees are  generally  precluded  from seeking other damages from
their employer for workplace injuries. Most states require employers to maintain
workers'    compensation    insurance   or   otherwise   demonstrate   financial
responsibility to meet workers' compensation  obligations to employees.  In many
states,  employers  who  meet  certain  financial  and  other  requirements  are
permitted to self-insure.

     SELF INSURANCE FOR WORKERS' COMPENSATION.  In August 1987, Barrett became a
self-insured  employer for workers' compensation coverage in Oregon. The Company
subsequently  obtained self-insured employer status for workers' compensation in
four  additional  states,  Maryland,  Washington,  Delaware and  California.  In
addition,  in May 1995, the Company was granted self-insured  employer status by
the U.S.  Department  of Labor  for  longshore  and  harbor  ("USL&H")  workers'
compensation coverage. Effective April 16, 2001, the Company voluntarily elected
to terminate its USL&H self-insured status.  Regulations governing  self-insured
employers in each jurisdiction typically require the employer to maintain surety
deposits of cash,  government securities or other financial instruments to cover
workers' claims in the event the employer is unable to pay for such claims.

     To  manage  its  financial  exposure  from the  incidence  of  catastrophic
injuries and fatalities,  the Company  maintains  excess  workers'  compensation
insurance pursuant to an annual policy with a major insurance  company.  Through
December 31, 2001, such excess  insurance  included a self-insured  retention or
deductible of $350,000. Beginning January 1, 2002, the Company's excess workers'
compensation insurance policy provided coverage for single occurrences exceeding
$750,000 with statutory  limits.  Effective  January 1, 2003, the per occurrence
retention remained at $750,000, but the policy limit was changed to $20 million.
The   excess-insurance   policy  contains  standard  exclusions  from  coverage,
including  punitive damages,  fines or penalties in connection with violation of
any statute or  regulation  and losses  covered by other  insurance or indemnity
provisions.

     CLAIMS  MANAGEMENT.  As a  self-insured  employer,  the Company's  workers'
compensation expense is tied directly to the incidence and severity of workplace
injuries to its  employees.  Barrett seeks to contain its workers'  compensation
costs  through an  aggressive  approach to claims  management.  The Company uses
managed-care  systems to reduce  medical  costs and keeps  time-loss  costs to a
minimum  by  assigning  injured  workers,   whenever  possible,   to  short-term
assignments  which accommodate the workers'  physical  limitations.  The Company
believes that these  assignments  minimize both time actually lost from work and
covered  time-loss costs.  Barrett has also engaged  third-party  administrators
("TPAs") to provide additional claims management  expertise.  Typical management
procedures  include  performing  thorough and prompt on-site  investigations  of
claims filed by employees, working

                                      -7-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

with  physicians to encourage  efficient  medical  management of cases,  denying
questionable  claims and attempting to negotiate early  settlements to eliminate
future case  development  and costs.  Barrett  also  maintains a  corporate-wide
pre-employment drug screening program and a mandatory post-injury drug test. The
program  is  believed  to have  resulted  in a  reduction  in the  frequency  of
fraudulent  claims and in accidents in which the use of illegal drugs appears to
have been a contributing factor.

     ELEMENTS OF  SELF-INSURANCE  COSTS. The costs associated with the Company's
self-insured  workers'  compensation  program include case reserves for reported
claims, an additional expense provision for unanticipated  increases in the cost
of open injury  claims  (known as  "adverse  loss  development")  and for claims
incurred in prior periods but not reported (referred to as "IBNR"), fees payable
to the Company's TPAs, additional claims administration expenses, administrative
fees payable to state and federal  workers'  compensation  regulatory  agencies,
premiums for excess workers' compensation insurance and legal fees. Although not
directly related to the size of the Company's payroll,  the number of claims and
correlative  loss  payments may be expected to increase with growth in the total
number of  employees.  The state  assessments  are  typically  based on  payroll
amounts  and, to a limited  extent,  the amount of permanent  disability  awards
during the previous year.  Excess  insurance  premiums are also based in part on
the size and risk profile of the Company's payroll and loss experience.

WORKERS' COMPENSATION CLAIMS EXPERIENCE AND RESERVES

     The Company  recognizes its liability for the ultimate  payment of incurred
claims and claims  adjustment  expenses by accruing  liabilities which represent
estimates of future  amounts  necessary to pay claims and related  expenses with
respect to covered events that have occurred.  When a claim involving a probable
loss is reported, the Company's TPA establishes a case reserve for the estimated
amount of ultimate  loss.  The estimate  reflects an informed  judgment based on
established case reserving practices and the experience and knowledge of the TPA
regarding the nature and expected  value of the claim,  as well as the estimated
expense of settling  the claim,  including  legal and other fees and expenses of
administering  claims.  The  adequacy  of  such  case  reserves  depends  on the
professional  judgment of each TPA to properly and comprehensively  evaluate the
economic  consequences of each claim.  Additionally,  on an aggregate basis, the
Company has  established an additional  expense  reserve for both future adverse
loss  development  in excess of initial  case  reserves  on open  claims and for
claims incurred but not reported, referred to as the IBNR reserve.

     As part of the case  reserving  process,  historical  data is reviewed  and
consideration is given to the anticipated  effect of various factors,  including
known and anticipated  legal  developments,  inflation and economic  conditions.
Reserve amounts are necessarily  based on management's  estimates,  and as other
data  becomes  available,  these  estimates  are  revised,  which may  result in
increases  or  decreases  in  existing  case  reserves.  Barrett  has  engaged a
nationally-recognized,  independent  actuary to review  annually  the  Company's
total workers'  compensation claims liability and reserving practices.  Based in
part  on  such  review,   the  Company   believes  its  total  accrued  workers'
compensation  claims  liabilities  at December 31,  2002,  are  adequate.  It is
possible,  however,  that the  Company's  actual  future  workers'  compensation
obligations  may  exceed  the  amount  of  its  accrued   liabilities,   with  a
corresponding  negative  effect  on  future  earnings,  due to such  factors  as
unanticipated  adverse loss development of known claims, and the effect, if any,
of claims incurred but not reported. Refer to Part II, Item 7, under the heading
"Critical Accounting Policies".

     Approximately  one-fifth of the  Company's  total  payroll  exposure was in
relatively  high-risk  industries with respect to workplace injuries,  including
trucking,   construction  and  certain   warehousing   activities.   Failure  to
successfully manage the severity and frequency of workers' compensation injuries
results in increased  workers'  compensation  expense and has a

                                      -8-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I


negative effect,  which may be substantial,  on the Company's  operating results
and financial  condition.  Management  maintains clear guidelines for its branch
office  managers,  account  managers,  and risk  managers  directly  tying their
continued  employment with the Company to their diligence in  understanding  and
addressing  the risks of accident or injury  associated  with the  industries in
which client companies  operate and in monitoring the compliance by clients with
workplace safety requirements.  The Company has a policy of "zero tolerance" for
avoidable workplace injuries.

MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS
     The Company performs all functions  associated with payroll  administration
through its internal management  information system. Each branch office performs
payroll data entry functions and maintains an independent  database of employees
and  customers,  as  well as  payroll  and  invoicing  records.  All  processing
functions  are  centralized  at Barrett's  corporate  headquarters  in Portland,
Oregon.

EMPLOYEES AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
     At  December  31,  2002,  the Company had  approximately  8,380  employees,
including  approximately 5,100 staffing services employees,  approximately 3,100
PEO  employees  and  approximately  180  managerial,  sales  and  administrative
employees.  The number of employees at any given time may vary significantly due
to business  conditions at customer or client companies.  During 2002, less than
1% of the Company's employees were covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
Each of Barrett's  managerial,  sales and  administrative  employees has entered
into a standard  form of employment  agreement  which,  among other  provisions,
contains  covenants not to engage in certain  activities in competition with the
Company for 18 months  following  termination  of employment and to maintain the
confidentiality  of  certain  proprietary  information.   Barrett  believes  its
employee relations are good.

     Benefits offered to Barrett's  staffing  services  employees  include group
health  insurance,  a Section 125 cafeteria plan which permits  employees to use
pretax  earnings  to  fund  various  services,  including  medical,  dental  and
childcare,  and a Section  401(k)  savings plan pursuant to which  employees may
begin making  contributions  upon reaching 21 years of age and completing  1,000
hours of service in any consecutive  12-month period.  The Company may also make
contributions  to the savings plan,  which vest over seven years and are subject
to certain  legal  limits,  at the sole  discretion  of the  Company's  Board of
Directors.  In addition, the Company offers a nonqualified deferred compensation
plan for highly  compensated  employees who are precluded from  participation in
the 401(k) plan. Employees subject to a co-employer  arrangement may participate
in the  Company's  benefit  plans,  provided  that the  group  health  insurance
premiums  may,  at the  client's  option,  be paid  by  payroll  deduction.  See
"Regulatory and Legislative Issues--Employee Benefit Plans."

REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE ISSUES
     BUSINESS OPERATIONS.  The Company is subject to the laws and regulations of
the   jurisdictions   within  which  it  operates,   including  those  governing
self-insured  employers  under the  workers'  compensation  systems  in  Oregon,
Washington,  Maryland,  Delaware and California.  An Oregon PEO company, such as
Barrett, is required to be licensed as a worker-leasing  company by the Workers'
Compensation  Division  of  the  Oregon  Department  of  Consumer  and  Business
Services.  Temporary  staffing  companies are  expressly  exempt from the Oregon
licensing  requirement.  Oregon PEO  companies  are also required to ensure that
each PEO client provides  adequate training and supervision for its employees to
comply with  statutory  requirements  for  workplace  safety and to give 30 days
written  notice in the  event of a  termination  of its  obligation  to  provide
workers'  compensation coverage for PEO employees and other subject employees of
a  PEO  client.   Although  compliance  with  these  requirements  imposes  some
additional financial risk on Barrett, particularly with respect to those clients
who


                                      -9-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I


breach their payment  obligation to the Company,  such  compliance has not had a
significant adverse impact on Barrett's business to date.

     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  The Company's  operations are affected by numerous
federal  and state  laws  relating  to labor,  tax and  employment  matters.  By
entering into a co-employer relationship with employees who are assigned to work
at client  locations  (sometimes  referred  to as  "work-site  employees"),  the
Company assumes certain  obligations and  responsibilities  of an employer under
these federal and state laws.  Because many of these federal and state laws were
enacted prior to the  development of  nontraditional  employment  relationships,
such  as   professional   employer,   temporary   employment,   and  outsourcing
arrangements, many of these laws do not specifically address the obligations and
responsibilities  of nontraditional  employers.  In addition,  the definition of
"employer" under these laws is not uniform.

     As an  employer,  the  Company  is  subject  to all  federal  statutes  and
regulations governing its employer-employee relationships. Subject to the issues
discussed  below,  the Company believes that its operations are in compliance in
all material respects with all applicable federal statutes and regulations.

     The  Company  offers  various  qualified  employee  benefit  plans  to  its
employees,  including  its work-site  employees.  These  employee  benefit plans
include a savings plan (the "401(k)  plan") under Section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue  Code (the  "Code"),  a cafeteria  plan under Code  Section 125, a group
health plan, a group life insurance plan and a group disability  insurance plan.
In addition, the Company offers a nonqualified deferred compensation plan, which
is available to highly compensated employees who are not eligible to participate
in the Company's 401(k) plan.  Generally,  qualified  employee benefit plans are
subject  to  provisions  of both  the Code and the  Employee  Retirement  Income
Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").  In order to qualify for favorable tax treatment
under the  Code,  qualified  plans  must be  established  and  maintained  by an
employer for the exclusive  benefit of its employees.  See Item 7 of this report
for a discussion of issues  regarding  qualification  of the Company's  employee
benefit plans arising out of participation by the Company's PEO employees.

COMPETITION
     The  staffing  services and PEO  businesses  are  characterized  by intense
competition.  The staffing  services market  includes  competitors of all sizes,
including several, such as Manpower,  Inc., Kelly Services, Inc. and RemedyTemp,
Inc.,  that are  national  in scope and have  substantially  greater  financial,
marketing  and  other  resources  than the  Company.  In  addition  to  national
companies,  Barrett  competes  with  numerous  regional and local firms for both
customers and  employees.  There are  relatively  few barriers to entry into the
staffing services business.  The principal  competitive  factors in the staffing
services  industry  are price,  the  ability to provide  qualified  workers in a
timely manner and the monitoring of job performance.  The Company attributes its
internal  growth in staffing  services  revenues to the  cost-efficiency  of its
operations which permits the Company to price its services competitively, and to
its ability  through its branch  office  network to  understand  and satisfy the
needs of its customers with competent personnel.

     Although there are believed to be at least 800 companies currently offering
PEO services in the U.S.,  many of these  potential  competitors  are located in
states in which the Company  presently does not operate.  Barrett  believes that
there are  approximately  60 firms  offering  PEO  services  in Oregon,  but the
Company has the largest presence in the state.  During 2002,  approximately  63%
and 31% of the  Company's  PEO  service fee  revenues  were earned in Oregon and
California, respectively.

                                      -10-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

     The  Company may face  additional  PEO  competition  in the future from new
entrants to the field,  including  other staffing  services  companies,  payroll
processing companies and insurance companies. Certain PEO companies operating in
areas in which  Barrett does not now, but may in the future,  offer its services
have  greater  financial  and  marketing  resources  than the  Company,  such as
Administaff,  Inc., Gevity HR, Inc. and Paychex, Inc., among others. Competition
in the PEO industry is based largely on price,  although service and quality can
also provide  competitive  advantages.  Barrett believes that its past growth in
PEO service fee  revenues is  attributable  to its ability to provide  small and
mid-sized  companies with the opportunity to provide enhanced  benefits to their
employees  while reducing their overall  personnel  administration  and workers'
compensation  costs.  The  Company's  competitive  advantage  may  be  adversely
affected by a substantial  increase in the costs of maintaining its self-insured
workers'  compensation  program.  A  general  market  decrease  in the  level of
workers'  compensation  insurance  premiums  may also  decrease  demand  for PEO
services.


Item 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company provides staffing and PEO services through all 26 of its branch
offices.  The following table shows the number of branch offices located in each
state in which the Company operates. The Company's California and Oregon offices
accounted  for 44% and 30%,  respectively,  of its total  revenues in 2002.  The
Company also leases office space in other locations in its market areas which it
uses to recruit and place employees.

                                      Number of
                                      Branch
                      State           Offices
                ------------------   -----------

                Arizona                  1
                California              10
                Oregon                   9
                Washington               1
                Maryland                 3
                Delaware                 1
                North Carolina           1

     The Company's  corporate  headquarters are located in an office building in
Portland,  Oregon,  with  approximately  9,500 square feet of office space.  The
building is subject to a mortgage loan with a principal balance of approximately
$347,000 at December 31, 2002. The Company also owns one other office  building,
in Portland,  Oregon with approximately 8,200 square feet of office space, which
houses its Portland/Bridgeport  branch office. The Company recently entered into
a  definitive  agreement  with a third party for the sale and  leaseback of both
properties to the Company pursuant to long-term  leases.  Refer to Part II, Item
7, under the heading "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below.

     Barrett leases office space for its other branch  offices.  At December 31,
2002,  such leases had expiration  dates ranging from less than one year to five
years, with total minimum payments through 2007 of approximately $2,747,000.


Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     There were no material  legal  proceedings  pending  against the Company at
December 31, 2002, or during the period  beginning  with that date through March
31, 2003.


                                      -11-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were  submitted to a vote of the Company's  stockholders  during
the fourth quarter of 2002.


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The following  table  identifies,  as of February 28, 2003,  each executive
officer of the Company. Executive officers are elected annually and serve at the
discretion of the Board of Directors.

                                                                  Officer
       Name        Age       Principal Positions and               Since
                             Business Experience
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

William W.          57       President; Chief Executive            1980
Sherertz                     Officer; Director

Michael D.          51       Vice President-Finance and            1994
Mulholland                   Secretary; Chief Financial
                             Officer

Gregory R. Vaughn   47       Vice President                        1998

James D. Miller     39       Controller and Assistant              1994
                             Secretary; Principal Accounting
                             Officer

-------------------------------

     William W.  Sherertz  has acted as Chief  Executive  Officer of the Company
since  1980.  He has also been a director of the  Company  since  1980,  and was
appointed  President of the Company in March 1993.  Mr.  Sherertz also serves as
Chairman of the Board of Directors.

     Michael  D.   Mulholland   joined  the  Company  in  August  1994  as  Vice
President-Finance and Secretary.  From 1988 to 1994, Mr. Mulholland was employed
by Sprouse-Reitz Stores Inc. ("Sprouse"), a former Nasdaq-listed retail company,
serving as its Executive Vice President,  Chief Financial Officer and Secretary.
Prior  to  Sprouse,   Mr.  Mulholland  held  senior  management  positions  with
Lamb-Weston, Inc., a food processing company, from 1985 to 1988, and Keil, Inc.,
a regional retail company, from 1978 to 1985. Mr. Mulholland, a certified public
accountant on inactive status, was also employed by Touche Ross & Co., now known
as Deloitte & Touche LLP.

     Gregory R. Vaughn  joined the Company in July 1997 as  Operations  Manager.
Mr.  Vaughn was  appointed  Vice  President  in January  1998.  Prior to joining
Barrett,  Mr. Vaughn was Chief Executive  Officer of Insource  America,  Inc., a
privately-held  human resource  management  company  headquartered  in Portland,
Oregon,  since 1996. Mr. Vaughn has also held senior  management  positions with
Sundial  Time  Systems,  Inc.  from  1995 to 1996  and  Continental  Information
Systems,  Inc.  from 1990 to 1994.  Previously,  Mr.  Vaughn was  employed  as a
technology    consultant    by   Price    Waterhouse    LLP,    now   known   as
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

     James D. Miller joined the Company in January 1994 as Controller. From 1991
to 1994, he was the Corporate  Accounting  Manager for  Christensen  Motor Yacht
Corporation.  Mr. Miller, a certified public accountant on inactive status,  was
employed by Price Waterhouse LLP, now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP, from
1987 to 1991.

                                      -12-
<PAGE>


                                     PART II


Item 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The Company's  common stock (the "Common Stock") trades on The Nasdaq Stock
Market's  SmallCap(TM) tier under the symbol "BBSI." At February 28, 2003, there
were 61 stockholders of record and  approximately  500 beneficial  owners of the
Common Stock.  The Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends since the
closing of its initial public offering of Common Stock on June 18, 1993, and has
no  present  plan to pay any  cash  dividends  in the  foreseeable  future.  The
following  table  presents the high and low sales prices of the Common Stock for
each  quarterly  period  during the last two fiscal  years,  as  reported by The
Nasdaq Stock Market:


                                        High            Low
                                    -----------      ---------
        2001
        ----
          First Quarter              $     4.00      $    3.38
          Second Quarter                   3.97           3.30
          Third Quarter                    4.25           3.05
          Fourth Quarter                   5.06           3.04

        2002
        ----
          First Quarter              $     4.00      $    3.15
          Second Quarter                   4.00           2.74
          Third Quarter                    3.50           2.01
          Fourth Quarter                   4.00           2.67



                                      -13-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following  selected  financial data should be read in conjunction  with
the Company's financial  statements and the accompanying notes listed in Item 15
of this report. The Company's financial  statements for the years ended December
31,  2001,  2000,  1999 and 1998 have been  restated  because  the  Company  has
determined  that it is not the  primary  obligor  for the  services  provided by
employees  pursuant to its PEO  arrangements.  Accordingly,  the requirements of
EITF 99-19,  "Reporting  Revenues Gross as a Principal  Versus Net as an Agent",
require that it not reflect the direct  payroll costs paid to such employees and
its PEO customers in both revenues and cost of revenues.  Professional  employer
service fees and direct  payroll  costs were both reduced by $77,272,  $111,838,
$128,426  and  $113,710 (in  thousands)  for the years ended  December 31, 2001,
2000, 1999 and 1998,  respectively.  Quarterly amounts appearing in Note 17 have
been restated for the first, second, and third quarters of 2002 and all quarters
for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                         2002          2001          2000          1999          1998
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

(In thousands, except per share data)                                     As Restated, see Note 1 of
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                   -------------------------------------------------------
Statement of operations:
    Revenues:
<S>                                                      <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>          <C>
      Staffing services                                  $  96,750     $ 123,110     $ 188,500     $ 194,991     $ 165,443
      Professional employer service fees                    12,558        16,281        22,128        24,433        23,876
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

        Total                                              109,308       139,391       210,628       219,424       189,319
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

    Cost of revenues:
      Direct payroll costs                                  71,515        90,750       139,177       141,623       121,555
      Payroll taxes and benefits                            14,062        17,635        27,007        28,603        25,550
      Workers' compensation                                  8,766        12,971        12,639        11,702        10,190
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

        Total                                               94,343       121,356       178,823       181,928       157,295
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

    Gross margin                                            14,965        18,035        31,805        37,496        32,024
    Selling, general and administrative expenses            16,008        18,737        24,583        25,957        23,012
    Merger expenses                                             -             -             -             -            750
    Depreciation and amortization                            1,162         3,277         3,192         2,461         1,785
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

    (Loss) income from operations                           (2,205)       (3,979)        4,030         9,078         6,477
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
    Other (expense) income:
      Interest expense                                        (278)         (359)         (830)         (634)         (173)
      Interest income                                          217           297           341           357           441
      Other, net                                                21            45             6            32            (1)
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

        Total                                                  (40)          (17)         (483)         (245)          267
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

    (Loss) income before income taxes                       (2,245)       (3,996)        3,547         8,833         6,744
    (Benefit from) provision for income taxes                 (892)       (1,574)        1,446         3,684         2,923
                                                     ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

        Net (loss) income                                $  (1,353)    $  (2,422)    $   2,101     $   5,149     $   3,821
                                                     ============= ============= ============= ============= =============

    Basic (loss) earnings per share                      $    (.23)    $    (.39)    $     .29     $     .68     $     .50
                                                     ============= ============= ============= ============= =============

    Weighted average number of basic shares
      outstanding                                            5,804         6,193         7,237         7,581         7,664
                                                     ============= ============= ============= ============= =============

    Diluted (loss) earnings per share                    $    (.23)    $    (.39)    $     .29     $     .68     $     .50
                                                     ============= ============= ============= ============= =============

    Weighted average number of diluted shares
      outstanding                                            5,804         6,193         7,277         7,627         7,711
                                                     ============= ============= ============= ============= =============

Selected balance sheet data:
    Working capital                                      $   2,235     $   2,658     $   3,731     $   7,688     $  13,272
    Total assets                                            47,297        52,566        60,865        70,504        52,770
    Long-term debt, net of current portion                     488           922         2,283         5,007         1,503
    Stockholders' equity                                    28,785        30,534        34,917        37,329        33,702
</TABLE>
                                      -14-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

Item 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

Overview
     The  Company's  revenues  consist of  staffing  services  and  professional
employer  organization  ("PEO")  service fees.  Staffing  services  revenues are
derived from services performed for short-term  staffing,  contract staffing and
on-site   management.   PEO  service  fees  refer   exclusively  to  co-employer
contractual  agreements with PEO clients.  The Company's  revenues from staffing
services  represent  all  amounts  invoiced  to  customers  for direct  payroll,
employer payroll related taxes, workers' compensation coverage and a service fee
(equivalent to a mark-up percentage). PEO service fee revenues are recognized in
accordance with EITF 99-19,  "Reporting Revenues Gross as a Principal Versus Net
as an Agent." As such,  the Company's PEO service fee revenues  include  amounts
invoiced  to  PEO  customers  for  employer  payroll  related  taxes,   workers'
compensation  coverage  and a  gross  profit.  Thus,  amounts  invoiced  to  PEO
customers  for salaries,  wages,  health  insurance  and employee  out-of-pocket
expenses  incurred  incidental to  employment  are excluded from PEO service fee
revenues and cost of  revenues.  The  Company's  Oregon and  California  offices
accounted for  approximately  74% of its total  revenues in 2002.  Consequently,
weakness in economic  conditions in these regions could have a material  adverse
effect on the Company's  financial  results.  Safety  incentives  represent cash
incentives  paid to  certain  PEO client  companies  for  maintaining  safe-work
practices in order to minimize workplace  injuries.  The incentive is based on a
percentage  of  annual  payroll  and is paid  annually  to  customers  who  meet
predetermined workers' compensation claims cost objectives.

     The  Company's  cost of revenues is comprised of direct  payroll  costs for
staffing  services,  employer  payroll  related taxes and employee  benefits and
workers'  compensation.  Direct payroll costs represent the gross payroll earned
by staffing  services  employees based on salary or hourly wages.  Payroll taxes
and employee  benefits consist of the employer's  portion of Social Security and
Medicare  taxes,  federal  unemployment  taxes,  state  unemployment  taxes  and
staffing  services  employee  reimbursements  for materials,  supplies and other
expenses, which are paid by the customer. Workers' compensation expense consists
primarily  of the costs  associated  with the  Company's  self-insured  workers'
compensation program, such as claims reserves, claims administration fees, legal
fees,  state and federal  administrative  agency fees and reinsurance  costs for
catastrophic injuries. The Company also maintains separate workers' compensation
insurance  policies  for  employees  working in states  where the Company is not
self-insured.

     The  largest  portion  of  workers'  compensation  expense  is the  cost of
workplace  injury claims.  When an injury occurs and is reported to the Company,
the Company's respective  independent  third-party claims administrator  ("TPA")
analyzes  the details of the injury and  develops a case  reserve,  which is the
TPA's  estimate  of the cost of the  claim  based on  similar  injuries  and its
professional  judgment.  The Company then records,  or accrues, an expense and a
corresponding  liability based upon the TPA's estimates for claims reserves.  As
cash payments are made by the Company's TPA against specific case reserves,  the
accrued liability is reduced by the corresponding  payment amount.  The TPA also
reviews  existing  injury  claims  on an  on-going  basis and  adjusts  the case
reserves as new or additional information for each claim becomes available.  The
Company has established  additional reserves to provide for future unanticipated
increases in expenses ("adverse loss development") of the claims reserves

                                      -15-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

for open injury claims and for claims incurred but not reported related to prior
and current periods. Management believes that the Company's operational policies
and internal claims reporting system minimizes the occurrence of unreported
incurred claims.

     Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses represent both branch
office and corporate-level operating expenses. Branch operating expenses consist
primarily  of  branch  office  staff  payroll  and  personnel   related   costs,
advertising,   rent,   office   supplies,   depreciation  and  branch  incentive
compensation.  Corporate-level operating expenses consist primarily of executive
and office staff payroll and personnel  related  costs,  professional  and legal
fees,  travel,  depreciation,  occupancy  costs,  information  systems costs and
executive and corporate staff incentive bonuses.

     Amortization of intangible  assets consists of the amortization of software
costs, and covenants not to compete, which are amortized using the straight-line
method over their estimated useful lives, which range from two to 10 years.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The  Company  has  identified  the  following  policies  as critical to the
Company's  business and the  understanding  of its results of operations.  For a
detailed  discussion of the application of these and other accounting  policies,
see Note 1 in the Notes to the  Financial  Statements  in Item 15 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.  Note that the  preparation  of this Annual  Report on Form
10-K requires  management  to make  estimates  and  assumptions  that affect the
reported  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  at the  date  of the  financial
statements,  and the  reported  amounts  of  revenue  and  expenses  during  the
reporting period. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on
various  other  assumptions  that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the
circumstances,  the results of which form the basis for making  judgments  about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources.  Actual results may differ from these  estimates  under different
assumptions or conditions.

     SELF-INSURED  WORKERS' COMPENSATION  RESERVES.  The Company is self-insured
for workers'  compensation  coverage in a majority of its  employee  work sites.
Accruals for  workers'  compensation  expense are made based upon the  Company's
claims  experience  and an  annual  independent  actuarial  analysis,  utilizing
Company  experience,  as well as  claim  cost  development  trends  and  current
workers'  compensation  industry  loss  information.  As such, a majority of the
Company's  recorded  expense for  workers'  compensation  is  management's  best
estimate.  Management  believes that the amount accrued is adequate to cover all
known and unreported claims at December 31, 2002.  However,  if the actual costs
of such claims and related  expenses  exceeds the amount  estimated,  additional
reserves  may be  required,  which  would  have a  material  negative  effect on
operating results.

     ALLOWANCE  FOR DOUBTFUL  ACCOUNTS.  The Company must make  estimates of the
collectibility  of accounts  receivables.  Management  analyzes  historical  bad
debts, customer  concentrations,  customer  credit-worthiness,  current economic
trends and changes in the  customers'  payment  tendencies  when  evaluating the
adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.  If the financial  condition of
the Company's customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their
ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.

     INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL.  The Company assesses the recoverability of
intangible  assets  and  goodwill  annually  and  whenever  events or changes in
circumstances  indicate that the carrying value might be impaired.  Factors that
are  considered  include  significant   underperformance  relative  to  expected
historical or projected future operating results,  significant negative industry
trends  and  significant  change in the  manner of use of the

                                      -16-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

acquired  assets.  Management's  current  assessment  of the  carrying  value of
intangible  assets and  goodwill  indicates  there is no  impairment  based upon
projected  future  cash  flows  and is  predicated,  in part,  on the  Company's
operating  results  returning to historical levels within the next few years. If
these estimates or their related  assumptions  change in the future, the Company
may be required to record  impairment  charges for these  assets not  previously
recorded.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
     For a  discussion  of new  accounting  pronouncements  and their  potential
effect on the Company's results of operations and financial condition,  refer to
Note 1 in the Notes to the Financial Statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
     Statements  in  this  Item  or in  Item 1 of  this  report  which  are  not
historical  in  nature,  including  discussion  of  economic  conditions  in the
Company's  market  areas,  the  potential  for and  effect  of past  and  future
acquisitions,  the effect of changes in the  Company's  mix of services on gross
margin,  the  adequacy  of the  Company's  workers'  compensation  reserves  and
allowance for doubtful accounts,  the effectiveness of the Company's  management
information  systems,  and the  availability of financing and working capital to
meet the Company's funding requirements,  are forward-looking  statements within
the  meaning of the  Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform  Act of 1995.  Such
forward-looking  statements  involve known and unknown risks,  uncertainties and
other factors that may cause the actual results,  performance or achievements of
the  Company or  industry  results to be  materially  different  from any future
results,   performance   or   achievements   expressed   or   implied   by  such
forward-looking  statements.  Such factors  with respect to the Company  include
difficulties  associated with integrating  acquired  businesses and clients into
the Company's operations, economic trends in the Company's service areas, future
workers' compensation claims experience,  the carrying values of deferred income
tax assets and goodwill,  which are subject to the  improvement in the Company's
future  operating  results,  the  availability  of  capital or letters of credit
necessary to meet state-mandated surety deposit requirements for maintaining the
Company's status as a qualified  self-insured employer for workers' compensation
coverage, and the availability of and costs associated with potential sources of
financing. The Company disclaims any obligation to update any such factors or to
publicly  announce  the result of any  revisions  to any of the  forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     The  following   table  sets  forth  the   percentages  of  total  revenues
represented by selected items in the Company's  Statements of Operations for the
years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000,  listed in Item 15 of this report.
The Company has restated its financial  statements  for the years ended December
31, 2001 and 2000 because the Company has determined  that it is not the primary
obligor for the services provided by employees pursuant to its PEO arrangements.
Accordingly,  the  requirements  of EITF 99-19,  "Reporting  Revenues Gross as a
Principal  Versus  Net as an  Agent",  require  that it not  reflect  the direct
payroll costs paid to such  employees and its PEO customers in both revenues and
cost of  revenues.  References  to the Notes to Financial  Statements  appearing
below are to the notes to the Company's  financial  statements listed in Item 15
of this Report.

                                      -17-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      Percentage of Total Revenues
                                                       ---------------------------------------------------

                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                       ---------------------------------------------------

                                                           2002               2001               2000
                                                       -------------      -------------      -------------

                                                                            As Restated, see Note 1 of
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                          --------------------------------

    Revenues:
<S>                                                            <C>                <C>                <C>
      Staffing services                                         88.5 %             88.3 %             89.5 %
      Professional employer service fees                        11.5               11.7               10.5
                                                       -------------      -------------      -------------

        Total                                                  100.0              100.0              100.0
                                                       -------------      -------------      -------------

    Cost of revenues:
      Direct payroll costs                                      65.4               65.1               66.1
      Payroll taxes and benefits                                12.9               12.7               12.8
      Workers' compensation                                      8.0                9.3                6.0
                                                       -------------      -------------      -------------

        Total                                                   86.3               87.1               84.9
                                                       -------------      -------------      -------------

    Gross margin                                                13.7               12.9               15.1
    Selling, general and administrative expenses                14.6               13.4               11.7
    Depreciation and amortization                                1.1                2.4                1.5

                                                       -------------      -------------      -------------
    (Loss) income from operations                               (2.0)              (2.9)               1.9
    Other (expense) income                                         -                  -               (0.2)
                                                       -------------      -------------      -------------

    Pretax (loss) income                                        (2.0)              (2.9)               1.7
    (Benefit from) provision for income taxes                   (0.8)              (1.2)               0.7
                                                       -------------      -------------      -------------

        Net (loss) income                                       (1.2) %            (1.7) %             1.0 %
                                                       =============      =============      =============

</TABLE>

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002 AND 2001

     Net  loss  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2002  was  $1,353,000,  an
improvement  of  $1,069,000  over  the net  loss of  $2,422,000  for  2001.  The
improvement  in the net  loss  was  attributable  to a 14.6%  reduction  in SG&A
expenses  and a 64.5%  reduction  in  depreciation  and  amortization  expenses,
partially offset by a 17.0% decline in gross margin dollars, primarily resulting
from a 21.6%  decrease in  revenues.  Basic and diluted  loss per share for 2002
were $.23 as compared to basic and diluted loss per share of $.39 for 2001.

     Revenues  for  2002  totaled  $109,308,000,  a  decrease  of  approximately
$30,083,000 or 21.6% from 2001 revenues of  $139,391,000.  The decrease in total
revenues was due, in part, to the continued  softening of business conditions in
the Company's market areas,  particularly in the Company's  Northern  California
operations,  which  accounted  for  approximately  46.0% of the decline in total
revenues  for  2002,  as well  as to  management's  decision  to  terminate  the
Company's  relationship with certain customers who provided  insufficient  gross
margin in  relation to such risk  factors as  workplace  safety and credit.  The
Company has recently  hired several new branch office  managers  throughout  its
operating regions,  which management believes will have a positive effect on the
Company's business prospects in the future.

     Staffing   services   revenue   decreased   $26,360,000  or  21.4%,   while
professional  employer service fee revenue decreased  $3,723,000 or 22.9%, which
resulted  in an  increase  in the share of  staffing  services to 88.5% of total
revenues  for 2002,  as  compared  to 88.3% for 2001.  The  decrease in staffing
services revenue for 2002 was primarily  attributable to a continued decrease in
demand for the Company's  services in the majority of areas in which the Company
does  business  owing  to  general  weak  economic  conditions.   The  share  of
professional  employer  service fee revenues had a  corresponding  decrease from
11.7% of total

                                      -18-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

revenues  for 2001 to 11.5% for 2002.  The  decrease  in  professional  employer
service fee  revenue  for 2002 was  primarily  due to  management's  decision to
discontinue  its services to certain PEO customers  which provided  insufficient
gross margin or represented  unacceptable  levels of risk associated with credit
or workplace safety.

     Gross margin for 2002 totaled $14,965,000,  which represented a decrease of
$3,070,000 or 17.0% from 2001. The gross margin percent  increased from 12.9% of
revenues for 2001 to 13.7% for 2002. The increase in the gross margin percentage
was due to lower  workers'  compensation  costs offset in part by higher  direct
payroll costs and payroll taxes and benefits,  as a percentage of revenues.  The
decrease in workers' compensation costs, as a percentage or revenues,  from 9.3%
of revenues for 2001 to 8.0% for 2002, was principally due to a lessening of the
increase  in the  adverse  development  of  estimated  future  costs of workers'
compensation   claims  primarily   concentrated  in  the  Company's   California
operations.  The increase in direct  payroll  costs as a percentage  of revenues
from 65.1% for 2001 to 65.4% for 2002  primarily  reflects  the  current  mix of
services  to the  current  customer  base.  The  increase  in payroll  taxes and
benefits as a percentage  of revenues  from 12.7% for 2001 to 12.9% for 2002 was
primarily  attributable  to  slightly  higher  state  unemployment  tax rates in
various states in which the Company operates.  The Company expects gross margin,
as a percentage of revenues, to continue to be influenced by fluctuations in the
mix between  staffing and PEO  services,  including  the mix within the staffing
segment,  as well as the adequacy of its  estimates  for  workers'  compensation
liabilities,  which may be  negatively  affected by  unanticipated  adverse loss
development of claims reserves.

     In  connection  with  the  Company's   self-insured  workers'  compensation
program, the Company has maintained an excess workers' compensation policy which
limits the financial  effect of costly  workers'  compensation  claims.  For the
calendar years 2000 and 2001, such policies included a self-insured retention or
deductible  of $350,000  and $400,000 per  occurrence,  respectively.  Effective
January 1, 2002,  the  self-insured  retention or  deductible  on the  Company's
excess  workers'  compensation  policy  increased  to $750,000  per  occurrence.
Management  believes  that the Company  obtained  the most  favorable  terms and
conditions  available  in the  market,  in view of the  effect of the  events of
September 11, 2001, on the insurance  industry and the Company's  size and scope
of operations. Management believes that the increased self-insured retention has
not had a material adverse effect on the Company.

     SG&A expenses  consist of compensation  and other expenses  incident to the
operation of the Company's headquarters and the branch offices and the marketing
of its services.  SG&A expenses for 2002 amounted to $16,008,000,  a decrease of
$2,729,000  or 14.6% from 2001.  SG&A  expenses,  expressed as a  percentage  of
revenues, increased from 13.4% for 2001 to 14.6% for 2002. The decrease in total
SG&A dollars was primarily due to reductions in branch management  personnel and
related  expenses  as a  result  of the  continued  downturn  in  the  Company's
business.

     Depreciation and amortization  totaled  $1,162,000 for 2002, which compares
to $3,277,000  for 2001.  The decreased  expense was primarily due the Company's
adoption of Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standard No. 142  "Goodwill  and
Other Intangible  Assets" effective January 1, 2002,  whereby the Company ceased
the amortization of its recorded goodwill.  2001 included $1,783,000 of goodwill
amortization. (See Note 1 in the Notes to the Financial Statements in Item 15 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.)

     At December  31, 2002,  the Company had net  deferred  income tax assets of
$3,556,000,  primarily reflecting  temporary  differences between taxable income
for "book" and tax  purposes  and tax credit  carryforwards,  which will  reduce
taxable  income in future  years.  Pursuant  to  generally  accepted  accounting
principles,  the Company is required to assess the


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

                                    PART II

realization  of the  deferred  income  tax  assets  as  significant  changes  in
circumstances   may  require   adjustments   during  future  periods.   Although
realization is not assured in view of losses  incurred by the Company during the
past two years,  management  has concluded  that it is more likely than not that
the remaining net deferred income tax assets will be realized, principally based
upon  forecasted  taxable income for the next two years and the gain expected to
be recognized from the pending  sale-leaseback  transaction involving two office
buildings owned by the Company. The amount of the net deferred income tax assets
actually  realized could vary, if there are  differences in the timing or amount
of future  reversals  of existing  deferred  income tax assets or changes in the
actual amounts of future taxable income as compared to operating  forecasts.  If
the Company's  operating  forecast is determined to no longer be reliable due to
uncertain  market   conditions  or  improvement  in  the  Company's  results  of
operations  does not  occur,  the  Company's  long-term  forecast  will  require
reassessment.  As a result, in the future, a valuation allowance may be required
to be  established  for all or a portion of the net deferred  income tax assets.
Such a valuation  allowance  could have a  significant  effect on the  Company's
future results of operations and financial position.

     The  Company  offers  various  qualified  employee  benefit  plans  to  its
employees,  including its PEO employees.  These qualified employee benefit plans
include a savings plan (the "401(k)  plan") under Section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue  Code (the  "Code"),  a cafeteria  plan under Code  Section 125, a group
health plan, a group life insurance plan and group  disability  insurance  plan.
Generally,  qualified  employee  benefit plans are subject to provisions of both
the Code and the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").  In
order to qualify for  favorable tax treatment  under the Code,  qualified  plans
must be established  and maintained by an employer for the exclusive  benefit of
its employees.

     After  several  years of study,  on April 24, 2002,  the  Internal  Revenue
Service ("IRS") issued Revenue  Procedure 2002-21 ("Rev Proc") to provide relief
with respect to certain defined  contribution  retirement  plans maintained by a
PEO that benefit worksite  employees.  The Rev Proc outlines the steps necessary
for a PEO to avoid plan  disqualification  for violating  the exclusive  benefit
rule.  Essentially,  a PEO must either (1) terminate  the plan;  (2) convert its
plan to a "multiple  employer  plan" by December 31,  2003;  or (3) transfer the
plan assets and liabilities to a customer plan.  Effective December 1, 2002, the
Company converted its 401(k) plan to a "multiple employer plan".


YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000

     Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2001 was $2,422,000,  a decline of
$4,523,000 from net income of $2,101,000 for 2000. The decrease was attributable
to lower gross  margin  dollars  primarily  resulting  from a 33.8%  decrease in
revenues  coupled  with a 330 basis  point  increase  in  workers'  compensation
expense,  as a percent of revenues,  partially  offset by a $5,846,000  or 23.8%
reduction in SG&A expenses and a $466,000 reduction in other expense.  Basic and
diluted  loss per  share for 2001 were  $.39 as  compared  to basic and  diluted
earnings per share of $.29 for 2000.

     Revenues  for  2001  totaled  $139,391,000,  a  decrease  of  approximately
$71,237,000 or 33.8% from 2000 revenues of  $210,628,000.  The decrease in total
revenues was due, in part, to the continued  softening of business conditions in
the Company's market areas,  particularly in the Company's  Northern  California
operations, and to competition, as well as to management's decision to terminate
the Company's  relationship  with certain  customers  who provided  insufficient
gross margin in relation to such risk factors as workplace safety and credit.

                                      -20-


<PAGE>
                                    PAGE II

     Staffing   services   revenue   decreased   $65,390,000  or  34.7%,   while
professional  employer service fee revenue decreased  $5,847,000 or 26.4%, which
resulted  in a  decrease  in the share of  staffing  services  to 88.3% of total
revenues  for 2001,  as  compared  to 89.5% for 2000.  The  decrease in staffing
services revenue for 2001 was primarily attributable to a decrease in demand for
the  Company's  services in the majority of areas in which the Company  operates
owing to general economic conditions. The share of professional employer service
fee revenue to total revenues had a  corresponding  increase from 10.5% of total
revenues  for 2000 to 11.7% for 2001.  The  decrease  in  professional  employer
service  fee revenue for 2001 was  primarily  due to a decline in the  Company's
Northern California region, as a result of management's  decision to discontinue
its services to a few high volume, low margin PEO customers.

     Gross margin for 2001 totaled $18,035,000,  which represented a decrease of
$13,770,000 or 43.3% from 2000. The gross margin percent decreased from 15.1% of
revenues for 2000 to 12.9% for 2001. The decrease in the gross margin percentage
was due to higher  workers'  compensation  costs  offset in part by lower direct
payroll costs and payroll taxes and benefits,  as a percentage of revenues.  The
increase in workers'  compensation  expense,  as a percentage of revenues,  from
6.0% of revenues for 2000 to 9.3% for 2001,  was primarily due to an increase in
the adverse  development  of  estimated  future  costs of workers'  compensation
claims primarily related to 1999 and 2000 injuries concentrated in the Company's
California  operations.  The decrease in direct payroll costs,  in total dollars
and as a  percentage  of  revenues,  was  attributable  to decreases in contract
staffing  and  on-site  management,  of which  direct  payroll  costs  generally
represent a higher  percentage of revenues,  and to a lesser extent to increases
in the rates the Company  invoices  customers for its services.  The decrease in
payroll taxes and benefits for 2001, as a percentage of revenues,  was primarily
attributable  to lower state  unemployment  tax rates in various states in which
the Company operates, as compared to 2000.

     SG&A expenses for 2001 amounted to $18,737,000, a decrease of $5,846,000 or
23.8% from 2000. SG&A expenses, expressed as a percentage of revenues, increased
from 11.7% for 2000 to 13.4% for 2001.  The  decrease in total SG&A  dollars was
primarily due to decreases in branch  management  personnel and related expenses
as a result of the downturn in the Company's business.

     Depreciation  and amortization  totaled  $3,277,000 or 2.4% of revenues for
2001,  which  compares to $3,192,000 or 1.5% of revenues for 2000. The increased
depreciation  and  amortization  expense  was  primarily  due to a full  year of
amortization in 2001 compared to ten months of amortization in 2000 arising from
the March 1, 2000 implementation of the Company's management information system.

     Other  expense  totaled  $17,000 for 2001,  which  compares to $483,000 for
2000. The decrease in expense was primarily due to lower net interest expense as
a result of lower debt levels and a decline in interest  rates in 2001  compared
to 2000.

FLUCTUATIONS IN QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS
     The Company has historically  experienced  significant  fluctuations in its
quarterly  operating  results and expects such  fluctuations  to continue in the
future. The Company's operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors
such as  seasonality,  wage  limits on  payroll  taxes,  claims  experience  for
workers' compensation, demand and competition for the Company's services and the
effect of acquisitions.  The Company's  revenue levels fluctuate from quarter to
quarter  primarily  due to the impact of  seasonality  on its staffing  services
business  and on  certain  of its PEO  clients  in the  agriculture  and  forest
products-related  industries. As a result, the Company may have greater revenues
and net income in the third and fourth  quarters  of its  fiscal  year.  Payroll
taxes and benefits fluctuate with the level of direct


                                      -21-
<PAGE>

                                    PART II

payroll costs, but tend to represent a smaller percentage of revenues and direct
payroll later in the Company's  fiscal year as federal and state  statutory wage
limits  for  unemployment  and  social  security  taxes  are  exceeded  by  some
employees.  Workers'  compensation  expense  varies with both the  frequency and
severity of workplace  injury claims reported during a quarter and the estimated
future costs of such  claims.  In addition,  adverse loss  development  of prior
period claims during a subsequent  quarter may also contribute to the volatility
in the Company's estimated workers' compensation expense.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
     The  Company's  cash  position  at December  31, 2002 of $96,000  decreased
$1,046,000 from December 31, 2001, which compares to an increase of $626,000 for
the year ended  December 31, 2001. The decrease in cash at December 31, 2002 was
primarily  due to cash used in operating  activities  of $906,000 and  financing
activities of $1,128,000.  The primary use of cash in operating activities was a
net reduction in workers' compensa-tion  liabilities of $2,475,000.  The primary
uses of cash for financing activities were payments on long-term debt and common
stock repurchases.

     Net cash used in operating  activities  for 2002  amounted to $906,000,  as
compared to net cash provided by operating  activities  of $5,577,000  for 2001.
For 2002, net cash used in operating activities was primarily  attributable to a
$1,353,000  net loss,  a  $2,475,000  decrease in workers'  compensation  claims
liabilities  and a  $1,923,000  increase in income taxes  receivable,  partially
offset by a $2,403,000 decrease in accounts receivable, a $1,553,000 decrease in
deferred income tax assets and depreciation and amortization of $1,162,000.  For
2001, cash provided by operating  activities included $3,277,000 of depreciation
and amortization,  coupled with a decrease in accounts  receivable of $6,900,000
and an increase in  workers'  compensation  claims  liabilities  of  $3,343,000,
offset in part by decreases of  $2,353,000  in accrued  payroll and benefits and
$1,233,000  in other  accrued  liabilities  and an  increase  of  $1,568,000  in
deferred income taxes.

     Net cash  provided by investing  activities  totaled  $988,000 for 2002, as
compared to net cash provided by investing  activities of $181,000 for 2001. For
2002,  the principal  source of cash provided by investing  activities  was from
proceeds of  $4,279,000  from  maturities  and sales of  marketable  securities,
offset, in part, by $3,116,000 of purchases of marketable securities.  For 2001,
the principal source of cash provided by investing  activities was from proceeds
of $2,436,000 from maturities of marketable  securities and $266,000 of proceeds
associated with the sale of a company-owned  office condominium,  offset in part
by $2,221,000 of purchases of  marketable  securities  and purchases of $269,000
for equipment.  The Company presently has no material long-term  commitments for
capital expenditures.

     Net cash used in  financing  activities  for 2002  amounted to  $1,128,000,
which  compares to $5,132,000 in 2001.  For 2002,  the principal use of cash for
financing  activities  was for scheduled  payments on long-term debt of $708,000
and common stock repurchases  totaling $386,000.  For 2001, the principal use of
cash in financing  activities  was for scheduled  payments on long-term  debt of
$3,592,000 and common stock repurchases totaling  $2,307,000,  offset in part by
net proceeds from the Company's revolving credit-line totaling $796,000.

     Effective  September  2, 2002,  the  Company  entered  into an Amended  and
Restated  Credit  Agreement  (the  "Agreement")  with its  principal  bank.  The
Agreement,  which  expires on April 30, 2003,  provides  for a revolving  credit
facility of up to $11.0 million,  which includes a subfeature  under the line of
credit for standby letters of credit for not more than $5.5 million, as to which
approximately $5.47 million were outstanding as of December 31, 2002, and a term
loan in the original  amount of $693,750  bearing  interest at an annual rate of
7.4%, as to which the outstanding  principal balance was approximately  $347,000
as of December 31, 2002. The Company had an outstanding  balance of $3.5 million
                                      -22-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

on the revolving  credit facility as of December 31, 2002. The term loan will be
paid  in  full  upon  the  closing  of  the  Company's  pending   sale-leaseback
transaction on its two office buildings.

     Under  the  terms  of  the  Agreement,   the  Company's  total  outstanding
borrowings,  to a  maximum  of  $11.0  million,  may not at any time  exceed  an
aggregate of (i) 85% of the Company's eligible billed accounts receivable,  plus
(ii) 65% of the Company's  eligible unbilled accounts  receivable (not to exceed
$2.5  million),  plus (iii) 75% of the  appraised  value of the  Company's  real
property  mortgaged to the bank, minus amounts  outstanding under the term loan.
Advances  bear  interest at an annual rate of prime rate plus one  percent.  The
revolving credit facility is secured by the Company's assets, including, without
limitation,  its accounts receivable,  equipment,  intellectual  property,  real
property and bank deposits,  and may be prepaid at anytime without penalty.  The
Agreement  requires  compliance with the following  financial  covenants:  (1) a
Current Ratio not less than 1.10 to 1.0 prior to December 31, 2002, and not less
than 1.15 to 1.0 as of December 31, 2002 and  thereafter,  with "Current  Ratio"
defined as total current assets divided by total current liabilities; (2) EBITDA
not less than negative  $2,750,000  as of the quarter ended  September 30, 2002,
not less than $850,000 as of the quarter ended  December 31, 2002,  and not less
than  $1,500,000 as of the quarter ended March 31, 2003,  measured on a trailing
four-quarter  basis, with "EBITDA" defined as net profit before taxes,  interest
expense  (net  of  capitalized  interest  expense),   depreciation  expense  and
amortization  expense;  (3) Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio not more than 7.0 to 1.0
as of December 31, 2002 and not more than 3.25 to 1.0 as of March 31, 2003, with
"Funded Debt" defined as all borrowed  funds plus the amount of all  capitalized
lease  obligations  of the Company and "Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio"  defined as
Funded Debt divided by EBITDA;  and (4) EBITDA Coverage Ratio not less than 0.75
to 1.0 as of  December  31,  2002 and not less  than 1.50 to 1.0 as of March 31,
2003, with "EBITDA Coverage Ratio" defined as EBITDA divided by the aggregate of
total interest  expense plus the prior period current maturity of long-term debt
and the prior period current  maturity of subordinated  debt. (See Note 7 of the
Notes to Financial Statements.)

     As a result of violation of certain of the above financial  covenants as of
December 31,  2002,  the Company  obtained  the bank's  agreement to waive those
covenant violations as of December 31, 2002. In view of management's expectation
that additional covenant violations would likely occur as of March 31, 2003, the
Company renegotiated certain terms of its loan agreement with its principal bank
effective March 21, 2003.  Such amendments to the terms and conditions  included
an increase in the interest rate on the revolving  credit facility to prime plus
two percent, the easing of the restrictiveness of the Current Ratio and trailing
four-quarter  EBITDA covenants and the suspension of the covenants regarding the
Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio and EBITDA  Coverage Ratio.  Management  executed on
April 11, 2003 a second amendment to the Agreement (the "New Credit  Agreement")
which,  among  other  things,  extends the term from April 30, 2003 to March 31,
2004.

     Under  the  terms  of  the  New  Credit   Agreement,  the  Company's  total
outstanding  borrowings,  to a maximum of $8.0  million,  including a subfeature
under the line of credit for standby  letters of credit  totaling  not more than
$5.0 million, may not at any time exceed an aggregate of (i)85% of the Company's
eligible billed  accounts  receivable,  plus (ii) 65% of the Company's  eligible
unbilled  accounts  receivable (not to exceed $1.5 million),  plus (iii) only to
June 30,  2003,  75% of the  appraised  value  of the  Company's  real  property
collateral  granted  to the bank,  minus the amount  outstanding  under the term
loan.  Advances  bear interest at an annual rate of prime rate plus two percent.
The New Credit Agreement  expires March 31, 2004. The

                                      -23-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

revolving credit facility is secured by the Company's assets, including, without
limitation,  its accounts receivable,  equipment,  intellectual  property,  real
property  and bank  deposits,  and may be prepaid at  anytime  without  penalty.
Purusant  to the New Credit  Agreement,  the  Company is  required  to  maintain
compliance with the following financial covenants:  (1) a Current Ratio not less
than 1.10 to 1.0 through June 29,  2003,  and not less than 1.15 to 1.0 from and
after June 30,  2003,  with  "Current  Ratio"  defined as total  current  assets
divided by total current liabilities; (2) EBITDA not less than negative $700,000
as of the quarter ended March 31, 2003,  not less than  negative  $350,000 as of
the  quarter  ending  June 30,  2003,  not less than  $250,000 as of the quarter
ending September 30, 2003, and not less than $1,500,000 as of the quarter ending
December 31, 2003 and  thereafter,  measured on a trailing  four-quarter  basis,
with  "EBITDA"  defined as net profit  before  taxes,  interest  expense (net of
capitalized interest expense),  depreciation  expense and amortization  expense;
(3) Funded  Debt to EBITDA  Ratio not more than 4.0 to 1.0 as of  September  30,
2003 and not more than 2.25 to 1.0 as of December 31, 2003 and thereafter,  with
"Funded Debt" defined as all borrowed  funds plus the amount of all  capitalized
lease  obligations  of the Company and "Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio"  defined as
Funded Debt divided by EBITDA;  and (4) EBITDA  Coverage Ratio not less than 1.0
to 1.0 as of September 30, 2003 and not less than 1.75 to 1.0 as of December 31,
2003, with "EBITDA Coverage Ratio" defined as EBITDA divided by the aggregate of
total interest  expense plus the prior period current maturity of long-term debt
and the prior period current  maturity of subordinated  debt. (See Note 7 of the
Notes to Financial Statements.) Management expects that the funds anticipated to
be generated from  operations,  together with the New Credit Agreement and other
potential sources of financing,  will be sufficient in the aggregate to fund the
Company's working capital needs for the foreseeable future.

     The outstanding  balance on the revolving credit facility is expected to be
paid in full in the second quarter of 2003. The Company  received,  on March 24,
2003, a $2.2 million federal income tax refund generated by a net operating loss
carryback  from the tax year ended  December 31, 2002. The Company used this tax
refund to reduce the outstanding  balance to $1.2 million at March 27, 2003. The
remainder of the  outstanding  balance on the credit  facility is expected to be
paid from the proceeds of a pending sale-leaseback transaction involving the two
office buildings owned by the Company. The sale-leaseback transaction,  which is
expected to close during the second quarter of 2003, is projected to provide net
cash proceeds of approximately $2.0 million.

     In  connection  with the  Company's  ability to continue  its  self-insured
workers' compensation program in the state of California, it is anticipated that
the Company will be required to increase its  existing  surety  deposit with the
state,  which is in the form of a letter of credit,  by  approximately  $819,000
effective  August 1,  2003.  California,  however,  has  recently  adopted a new
"Alternative Security Program" ("ASP") to allow qualified  self-insurers to meet
their  surety  deposit  requirements  through  the  establishment  of  a  single
composite security deposit on a pooled basis.  Management is uncertain as to the
financial  benefits,  if any,  to the Company of the new ASP.  The Company  has,
however,   recently  been   successful  in  reducing   certain  other   workers'
compensation  deposits and related letters of credit by approximately  $740,000.
The  continued  ability of the Company to meet surety  deposit  requirements  is
among the risk factors  discussed  above under  "Forward  Looking  Information".
Management  believes  that its  principal  bank will  accommodate  the Company's
request to provide the potential  increase to the existing  letter of credit for
California on a timely basis, in light of the fact that the outstanding  balance
on the  revolving  credit  facility is expected to be paid in full in the second
quarter of 2003,  coupled with the other surety deposit  reductions  achieved by
the Company.

     During 1999, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase
program to repurchase  common shares from time to time in open market purchases.
Since inception,  the Board of Directors has approved six increases in the total
number of shares or

                                      -24-
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

dollars  authorized to be repurchased  under the program.  The stock  repurchase
program had $390,000 of remaining authorization for the repurchase of additional
shares at December 31, 2002. During 2002, the Company repurchased 100,900 shares
at an  aggregate  price of  $386,000.  Management  anticipates  that the capital
necessary to execute this program will be provided by existing cash balances and
other available resources.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
     The Company's  contractual  obligations as of December 31, 2002,  including
long-term  debt,  commitments  for future  payments under  non-cancelable  lease
arrangements  and  long-term  workers'   compensation   claims  liabilities  for
catastrophic injuries, are summarized below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Payments Due by Period
                                                   -------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                Less than     1 - 3        4 - 5        After
                                                     Total       1 year       years        years       5 years
                                                   ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------   ----------


<S>                                                   <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>
    Long-term debt                                     $  922       $  434       $  288      $  200       $    -
    Operating leases                                    2,747        1,209        1,401         137            -
    Long-term workers' compensation claims
      liabilities for catastrophic injuries               646           21           46          54          525
                                                   ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------   ----------

    Total contractual cash obligations                 $4,315       $1,664       $1,735      $  391       $  525
                                                   ==========  ===========  ===========  ==========   ==========
</TABLE>
INFLATION
     Inflation  generally  has not been a  significant  factor in the  Company's
operations  during the  periods  discussed  above.  The  Company  has taken into
account  the  impact  of  escalating  medical  and other  costs in  establishing
reserves for future expenses for self-insured workers' compensation claims.

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The  Company's  exposure  to market  risk for  changes  in  interest  rates
primarily relates to the Company's short-term and long-term debt obligations. As
of December 31,  2002,  the Company had  interest-bearing  debt  obligations  of
approximately $4.4 million,  of which  approximately $3.5 million bears interest
at a variable rate and  approximately  $0.9 million at a fixed rate of interest.
The variable rate debt is comprised of  approximately  $3.5 million  outstanding
under a revolving credit  facility,  which bears interest at the prime rate plus
one percent  through March 20, 2003 and then prime rate plus two percent through
March 31, 2004.  Based on the  Company's  overall  interest  rate  exposure  at
December 31, 2002, a 10 percent change in market interest rates would not have a
material effect on the fair value of the Company's long-term debt or its results
of  operations.  As of December 31,  2002,  the Company had not entered into any
interest rate instruments to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk.

Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The financial  statements and notes thereto  required by this item begin on
page F-1 of this report, as listed in Item 15.


Item 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.
                                      -25-
<PAGE>


                                    PART III



Item 10. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE

     The information  required by Item 10,  Directors and Executive  Officers of
the Registrant,  is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's definitive
Proxy Statement for the 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Proxy Statement"),
under the headings  "Election of  Directors"  and "Stock  Ownership by Principal
Stockholders  and  Management--Section   16(a)  Beneficial  Ownership  Reporting
Compliance" or appears under the heading "Executive  Officers of the Registrant"
on page 12 of this  report.  The  information  required  by Item  11,  Executive
Compensation,  is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement, under
the headings "Executive  Compensation" and "Election of  Directors--Compensation
Committee  Interlocks and Insider  Participation."  The information  required by
Item 12,  Security  Ownership of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management and
Related  Stockholder  Matters,  is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy
Statement,  under the heading  "Stock  Ownership by Principal  Stockholders  and
Management--Beneficial   Ownership   Table"  and   "Equity   Compensation   Plan
Information."  The information  required by Item 13, Certain  Relationships  and
Related  Transactions,   is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  the  Proxy
Statement,  under the headings  "Election of  Directors--Compensation  Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Executive  Compensation--Transactions
with Management".



                                      -26-
<PAGE>


                                     PART III


Item 14. Controls and Procedures

         (a)  Evaluation of disclosure  controls and  procedures.  The Company's
              chief executive  officer and its chief financial officer evaluated
              the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's   disclosure  controls  and
              procedures  (as  defined  in  Exchange  Act  Rules  13a-14(c)  and
              15d-14(c)),  which are  designed  to ensure that  information  the
              Company must disclose in its reports filed or submitted  under the
              Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange  Act")
              is  recorded,  processed,  summarized,  and  reported  on a timely
              basis, on March 31, 2003 and have concluded that, as of such date,
              the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and
              effective to ensure that  information  required to be disclosed by
              the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange
              Act is brought to their attention on a timely basis.

         (b)  Changes in internal controls. There were no significant changes in
              the  Company's  internal  controls or in other  factors that could
              significantly  affect  these  controls  subsequent  to the date of
              their evaluation,  nor were there any significant  deficiencies or
              material weaknesses identified in the Company's internal controls.
              As a result, no corrective actions were undertaken.



                                      -27-
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV


Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES
The Financial Statements, together with the report thereon of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, are included on the pages indicated below:

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
Report of Independent Accountants                                            F-1

Balance Sheets - December 31, 2002 and 2001                                  F-2

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31,
  2002, 2001 and 2000                                                        F-3

Statements of Stockholders' Equity - December 31, 2002,
  2001 and 2000                                                              F-4

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31,
  2002, 2001 and 2000                                                        F-5

Notes to Financial Statements                                                F-6

No schedules are required to be filed herewith.

REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
The Company filed on November 18, 2002 a Current  Report on Form 8-K dated as of
November 12, 2002, to report under Item 5 that the Company's  board of directors
increased the amount of  authorization  by $500,000 for the repurchase of shares
of the Company's common stock.

The  Company  filed on March 20,  2003 a Current  Report on Form 8-K dated as of
March 19,  2003,  to report  under Items 5, 7 and 9 its  decision to restate its
professional  employer  services  ("PEO")  revenues  to reflect  the  accounting
requirements of Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 99-19,  "Reporting Revenues
Gross as a Principal Versus Net as an Agent," by reducing both revenues and cost
of  revenues  for the  salaries  and wages of the PEO  employees,  for which the
Company is not the primary obligor of the services  performed by such employees.
The Company  also  reported  that it had  entered  into a  definitive  agreement
relating  to a  sale-leaseback  transaction  with  respect  to  its  two  office
buildings in Portland,  Oregon,  and  furnished a press release  announcing  its
earnings  results for the  quarter and year ended  December  31,  2002,  and the
agreement  in  principle  by its  principal  bank lender to renew the  Company's
revolving credit facility in April 2003.


EXHIBITS
Exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index that follows the  Financial  Statements
included in this report.

                                      -28-
<PAGE>
                       Report of Independent Accountants


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Barrett Business Services, Inc.


In our opinion,  the accompanying  balance sheets and the related  statements of
operations,  of  stockholders'  equity and of cash flows present fairly,  in all
material respects,  the financial  position of Barrett Business  Services,  Inc.
(the Company) at December 31, 2002 and 2001,  and the results of its  operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31,
2002, in conformity with accounting  principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.  These  financial  statements are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management;  our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
financial  statements  based on our  audits.  We  conducted  our audits of these
statements  in  accordance  with auditing  standards  generally  accepted in the
United  States of America,  which  require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free of
material  misstatement.  An audit includes examining,  on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements,  assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

As  discussed in Note 1 to the  financial  statements,  the Company  adopted the
provisions of Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets, effective January 1, 2002.

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has restated its
professional employer organization revenues and related direct payroll costs for
the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Portland, Oregon
March 31, 2003, except as to Note 7, which is as of April 11, 2003

                                      F-1

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Balance Sheets
December 31, 2002 and 2001
(In Thousands, Except Par Value)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             2002         2001
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
                                        ASSETS
Current assets:
<S>                                                                                            <C>         <C>
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  $  96       $1,142
    Income taxes receivable                                                                    1,923            -
    Trade accounts receivable, net                                                            11,357       13,760
    Prepaid expenses and other                                                                 1,040        1,022
    Deferred income taxes                                                                      2,111        2,841
                                                                                          -----------  -----------

      Total current assets                                                                    16,527       18,765

Goodwill, net                                                                                 18,749       18,749
Intangibles, net                                                                                  59          129
Property and equipment, net                                                                    5,167        6,084
Restricted marketable securities and workers' compensation deposits                            4,286        5,425
Deferred income taxes                                                                          1,445        2,268
Other assets                                                                                   1,064        1,146
                                                                                          -----------  -----------

                                                                                             $47,297      $52,566
                                                                                          ===========  ===========


                          LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
    Current portion of long-term debt                                                          $ 434        $ 708
    Line of credit                                                                             3,513        3,424
    Accounts payable                                                                             834          686
    Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits                                        4,897        5,165
    Workers' compensation claims liabilities                                                   3,903        5,355
    Safety incentives payable                                                                    406          380
    Other accrued liabilities                                                                    305          389
                                                                                           -----------  -----------

      Total current liabilities                                                               14,292       16,107

Long-term debt, net of current portion                                                           488          922
Customer deposits                                                                                443          520
Long-term workers' compensation claims liabilities                                             2,492        3,515
Other long-term liabilities                                                                      797          968
                                                                                          -----------  -----------

                                                                                              18,512       22,032
                                                                                          -----------  -----------

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 9, 10 and 16)

Stockholders' equity:
    Common stock, $.01 par value; 20,500 shares authorized, 5,751 and 5,847
      shares issued and outstanding                                                               57           58
    Additional paid-in capital                                                                 3,144        3,461
    Employee loan                                                                               (107)         (29)
    Retained earnings                                                                         25,691       27,044
                                                                                          -----------  -----------

                                                                                              28,785       30,534
                                                                                          -----------  -----------

                                                                                             $47,297      $52,566
                                                                                          ===========  ===========
</TABLE>
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


                                      F-2
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Statements of Operations
Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                        2002             2001            2000
                                                                    ---------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                                       As Restated, see Note 1
                                                                                     ------------------------------
Revenues:
<S>                                                                      <C>             <C>             <C>
    Staffing services                                                    $ 96,750        $ 123,110       $ 188,500
    Professional employer service fees                                     12,558           16,281          22,128
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------

                                                                          109,308          139,391         210,628
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------

Cost of revenues:
    Direct payroll costs                                                   71,515           90,750         139,177
    Payroll taxes and benefits                                             14,062           17,635          27,007
    Workers' compensation                                                   8,766           12,971          12,639
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------

                                                                           94,343          121,356         178,823
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------

      Gross margin                                                         14,965           18,035          31,805

Selling, general and administrative expenses                               16,008           18,737          24,583
Depreciation and amortization                                               1,162            3,277           3,192
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------


      (Loss) income from operations                                        (2,205)          (3,979)          4,030
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------

Other (expense) income:
    Interest expense                                                         (278)            (359)           (830)
    Interest income                                                           217              297             341
    Other, net                                                                 21               45               6
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------

                                                                              (40)             (17)           (483)
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------

      (Loss) income before income taxes                                    (2,245)          (3,996)          3,547

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes                                    (892)          (1,574)          1,446
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  --------------


      Net (loss) income                                                  $ (1,353)        $ (2,422)       $  2,101
                                                                   ===============  ===============  ==============

Basic (loss) earnings per share                                          $   (.23)        $   (.39)        $   .29
                                                                   ===============  ===============  ==============

Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding                         5,804            6,193           7,237
                                                                   ===============  ===============  ==============

Diluted (loss) earnings per share                                        $   (.23)        $   (.39)        $   .29
                                                                   ===============  ===============  ==============

Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding                       5,804            6,193           7,277
                                                                   ===============  ===============  ==============

</TABLE>
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-3
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Statements of Stockholders' Equity
Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
(In Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            Common Stock            Additional
                                      -------------------------      Paid-in                      Retained
                                           Shares        Amount       Capital       Other         Earnings         Total
                                      ------------  -----------   -------------  ------------  -------------   ------------

<S>                                        <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>         <C>             <C>
Balance, December 31, 1999                  7,461        $  75         $ 9,889         $   -       $ 27,365        $ 37,329

Common stock issued on exercise of
    options                                     7            -              28             -              -              28
Repurchase of common stock                 (1,017)         (11)         (4,530)            -              -          (4,541)
Net income                                      -            -               -             -          2,101           2,101
                                         ------------  -----------   -------------  ------------  -------------   ---------

Balance, December 31, 2000                  6,451           64           5,387             -         29,466          34,917

Repurchase of common stock                   (604)          (6)         (2,301)            -              -          (2,307)
Stock option compensation                       -            -              17             -              -              17
Reclassification of accrued stock
    option compensation to equity               -            -             358             -              -             358
Employee loan                                   -            -               -           (29)             -             (29)
Net loss                                        -            -               -             -         (2,422)         (2,422)
                                         ------------  -----------   -------------  ------------  -------------   ---------

Balance, December 31, 2001                  5,847           58           3,461           (29)        27,044          30,534

Common stock issued on exercise of
    options                                     5            -              14             -              -              14
Repurchase of common stock                   (101)          (1)           (385)            -              -            (386)
Payment to shareholder                          -            -             (28)            -              -             (28)
Purchase of option rights                       -            -             (31)            -              -             (31)
Reclassification of accrued stock
    option compensation to equity               -            -             113             -              -             113
Employee loan                                   -            -               -           (78)             -             (78)
Net loss                                        -            -               -             -         (1,353)         (1,353)
                                      ------------  -----------   -------------  ------------  -------------   -------------

Balance, December 31, 2002                  5,751        $  57         $ 3,144        $ (107)      $ 25,691        $ 28,785
                                      ============  ===========   =============  ============  =============   =============

</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>

Barrett Business  Services,  Inc.
Statements of Cash Flows
Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
(In Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  2002        2001        2000
                                                                               ----------- ----------- -----------
Cash flows from operating activities:
<S>                                                                              <C>         <C>          <C>
    Net (loss) income                                                            $ (1,353)   $ (2,422)    $ 2,101
    Reconciliations of net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating
      activities:
      Depreciation and amortization                                                 1,162       3,277       3,192
      Gain on sale of property                                                          -         (46)          -
      Gain on sale of marketable securities                                           (24)          -           -
      Deferred income taxes                                                         1,553      (1,568)     (1,171)
      Changes in certain assets and liabilities, net of amounts purchased
         in acquisitions:
           Trade accounts receivable, net                                           2,403       6,900       9,556
           Income taxes receivable                                                 (1,923)          -           -
           Prepaid expenses and other                                                 (18)        200          (3)
           Accounts payable                                                           148        (327)       (343)
           Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits                       (155)     (2,353)     (3,544)
           Other accrued liabilities                                                  (84)     (1,233)      1,209
           Workers' compensation claims liabilities                                (2,475)      3,343       1,333
           Safety incentives payable                                                   26         (49)       (295)
           Customer deposits and other assets, net                                      5        (113)       (432)
           Other long-term liabilities                                               (171)        (32)        301
                                                                               ----------- ----------- -----------

      Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities                            (906)      5,577      11,904
                                                                               ----------- ----------- -----------

Cash flows from investing activities:
    Cash paid for acquisitions, including other direct costs                            -         (31)     (1,122)
    Proceeds from sale of property                                                      -         266           -
    Purchase of equipment, net of amounts purchased in
      acquisitions                                                                   (175)       (269)     (1,257)
    Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities                               3,472       2,436       1,329
    Proceeds from sales of marketable securities                                      807           -           -
    Purchase of marketable securities                                              (3,116)     (2,221)       (688)
                                                                               ----------- ----------- -----------

      Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                             988         181      (1,738)
                                                                               ----------- ----------- -----------

Cash flows from financing activities:
    Proceeds from credit-line borrowings                                           48,629      62,638      84,722
    Payments on credit-line borrowings                                            (48,540)    (61,842)    (86,976)
    Payments on long-term debt                                                       (708)     (3,592)     (2,568)
    Payment of notes payable                                                            -           -        (865)
    Payment to shareholder                                                            (28)          -           -
    Purchase of option rights                                                         (31)          -           -
    Loan to employee                                                                  (78)        (29)          -
    Repurchase of common stock                                                       (386)     (2,307)     (4,541)
    Proceeds from the exercise of stock options                                        14           -          28
                                                                               ----------- ----------- -----------

      Net cash used in financing activities                                        (1,128)     (5,132)    (10,200)
                                                                               ----------- ----------- -----------

      Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                         (1,046)        626         (34)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                        1,142         516         550
                                                                               ----------- ----------- -----------

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                             $   96     $ 1,142      $  516
                                                                               =========== =========== ===========

Supplemental schedule of noncash activities:
    Acquisition of other businesses:
      Cost of acquisitions in excess of fair market value of net assets
        acquired                                                                   $    -      $   31     $ 1,122

</TABLE>
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements



1.   Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies

     NATURE OF OPERATIONS
     Barrett Business Services,  Inc.  ("Barrett" or the "Company"),  a Maryland
     corporation,  is  engaged  in  providing  both  staffing  and  professional
     employer  services to a diversified group of customers through a network of
     branch  offices  throughout  Oregon,   Washington,   California,   Arizona,
     Maryland,  Delaware  and North  Carolina.  Approximately  74%, 79% and 78%,
     respectively, of the Company's revenues (as restated) during 2002, 2001 and
     2000 were attributable to its Oregon and California operations.

     REVENUE RECOGNITION, AS RESTATED
     The Company  recognizes  revenue as services are rendered by its workforce.
     Staffing services are engaged by customers to meet short-term and long-term
     personnel needs.  Professional  employer services ("PEO") are normally used
     by  organizations  to satisfy ongoing human resource  management  needs and
     typically  involve  contracts  with a minimum  term of one year,  renewable
     annually, which cover all employees at a particular work site.

     The Company has  determined it is not the primary  obligor for the services
     provided by employees  pursuant to its PEO arrangements.  Accordingly,  the
     requirements of EITF 99-19, "Reporting Revenues Gross as a Principal Versus
     Net as an Agent", require that it not reflect the direct payroll costs paid
     to such employees and billed to its PEO customers in both revenues and cost
     of revenues, i.e., reporting such activity on a "gross" basis. As a result,
     the Company has restated amounts  previously  reported in its Statements of
     Operations  for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 to remove a like
     amount of  professional  employer  service  fees and direct  payroll  costs
     resulting in  reporting  such  activity on a "net"  basis.  The change to a
     "net"  reporting  basis had no effect on  previously  reported  amounts for
     gross margin dollars,  operating results,  cash flows,  working capital and
     stockholders equity.

     A reconciliation of the restated amounts to amounts previously  reported is
     as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                2001               2000
                                                                           ----------------   ---------------
        Revenues:
<S>                                                                              <C>               <C>
           Restated professional employer service fees                           $  16,281         $  22,128
           Adjustment to eliminate PEO salaries and wages                           77,272           111,838
                                                                           ----------------   ---------------
           Professional employer services, as previously reported                $  93,553         $ 133,966
                                                                           ================   ===============

        Cost of revenues:
           Restated direct payroll costs                                         $  90,750         $ 139,177
           Adjustment to eliminate PEO salaries and wages                           77,272           111,838
                                                                           ----------------   ---------------
           Direct payroll costs, as previously reported                          $ 168,022         $ 251,015
                                                                           ================   ===============
</TABLE>

                                      F-6
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)



1.   Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

     REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued)
     The Company's cost of revenues for staffing services is comprised of direct
     payroll costs,  employer  payroll  related taxes and employee  benefits and
     workers'  compensation.  The  Company's  cost of revenues  for PEO services
     includes employer payroll related taxes and workers'  compensation.  Direct
     payroll  costs  represent  the gross  payroll  earned by staffing  services
     employees  based on salary  or hourly  wages.  Payroll  taxes and  employee
     benefits consist of the employer's  portion of Social Security and Medicare
     taxes,  federal  unemployment taxes, state unemployment taxes and staffing
     services  employee   reimbursements  for  materials,   supplies  and  other
     expenses,  which  are paid by the  customer.  Workers'  compensation  costs
     consists primarily of the costs associated with the Company's  self-insured
     workers'   compensation   program,   such  as   claims   reserves,   claims
     administration  fees, legal fees, state and federal  administrative  agency
     fees and  reinsurance  costs for  catastrophic  injuries.  The Company also
     maintains separate workers'  compensation  insurance policies for employees
     working in states where the Company is not self-insured.  Safety incentives
     represent  cash  incentives  paid  to  certain  PEO  client  companies  for
     maintaining  safe-work  practices in order to minimize workplace  injuries.
     The  incentive  is based on a  percentage  of  annual  payroll  and is paid
     annually to customers who meet predetermined  workers'  compensation claims
     cost objectives.

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     The Company  considers  non-restricted  short-term  investments,  which are
     highly liquid,  readily convertible into cash, and have original maturities
     of less than three  months,  to be cash  equivalents  for  purposes  of the
     statements of cash flows.

     ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS
     The Company had an allowance for doubtful  accounts of $41,000 and $410,000
     at  December  31,  2002 and  2001,  respectively.  The  Company  must  make
     estimates  of  the  collectibility  of  accounts  receivables.   Management
     analyzes   historical   bad  debts,   customer   concentrations,   customer
     credit-worthiness,  current  economic  conditions and changes in customers'
     payment  trends when  evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful
     accounts.

     DEFERRED INCOME TAXES
     The  Company  calculates  income  taxes in  accordance  with SFAS No.  109,
     "Accounting  for Income  Taxes",  which  requires  recognition  of deferred
     income tax assets and  liabilities  for the  expected tax  consequences  of
     events that have been included in the financial  statements  and income tax
     returns.  Valuation  allowances  are  established  when necessary to reduce
     deferred income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

     MARKETABLE SECURITIES
     At December 31, 2002 and 2001, marketable securities consisted primarily of
     governmental debt instruments with maturities  generally from 90 days to 26
     years  (see  Note  6).  Marketable  securities  have  been  categorized  as
     held-to-maturity  and, as a result, are stated at amortized cost.  Realized
     gains and losses on sales of marketable securities are included

                                      F-7
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


1.   Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

     MARKETABLE SECURITIES (Continued)
     in other (expense) income on the Company's statements of operations. During
     the year ended  December  31, 2002,  the Company  sold  certain  restricted
     marketable   securities   due  to  a  decrease  in  the  statutory   surety
     requirements  established  by the  State of  Oregon  Workers'  Compensation
     Division.

     INTANGIBLES
     In July 2001, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB")  issued
     Statement  of Financial  Accounting  Standard  No.  ("SFAS") 141  "Business
     Combinations"  and SFAS 142,  "Goodwill and Other  Intangible  Assets." The
     Company's adoption date for SFAS 141 was July 1, 2001 and the adoption date
     for SFAS 142 was  January 1, 2002.  With  respect to SFAS 142,  the Company
     performed  a  goodwill  impairment  test  as of the  adoption  date  and at
     December  31,  2002  and has  determined  there  was no  impairment  to its
     recorded  goodwill.  The Company  will perform a goodwill  impairment  test
     annually  during the fourth  quarter and whenever  events or  circumstances
     occur  indicating  that goodwill  might be impaired.  Effective  January 1,
     2002,  amortization  of all  goodwill  ceased.  There  were no  changes  in
     goodwill  from  December 31, 2001 to December 31, 2002.  The impact of this
     change is summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                      2002            2001             2000
                                                                  -------------   --------------   -------------
<S>                                                                   <C>              <C>              <C>
        Reported net (loss) income                                    $ (1,353)        $ (2,422)        $ 2,101
        Add back: goodwill amortization, net of tax                          -            1,327           1,250
                                                                  -------------   --------------   -------------
        Adjusted net (loss) income                                    $ (1,353)        $ (1,095)        $ 3,351
                                                                  =============   ==============   =============

        Reported net (loss) income per share                           $  (.23)         $  (.39)        $   .29
        Adjusted net (loss) income per share                              (.23)            (.18)            .46

</TABLE>
     The Company's  intangible  assets are comprised of covenants not to compete
     arising from prior year acquisitions and have contractual lives principally
     ranging from three to five years. (See Note 4.)

     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
     Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and
     repairs are charged to operating expense as incurred,  and expenditures for
     additions  and  betterments  are  capitalized.  The cost of assets  sold or
     otherwise  disposed  of  and  the  related  accumulated   depreciation  are
     eliminated  from the accounts,  and any resulting gain or loss is reflected
     in the statements of operations.

     Depreciation   of  property  and  equipment  is  calculated   using  either
     straight-line  or accelerated  methods over estimated  useful lives,  which
     range from 3 years to 31.5 years.

     SAFETY INCENTIVES PAYABLE
     Safety  incentives  represent  cash  incentives  paid to certain PEO client
     companies  for  maintaining   safe-work  practices  in  order  to  minimize
     workplace  injuries.  The  incentive  is based on a  percentage  of  annual
     payroll and is paid annually to customers who meet  predetermined  workers'
     compensation claims cost objectives. Safety incentive payments




                                      F-8
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

1.   Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

     SAFETY INCENTIVES PAYABLE (Continued)
     are made only after closure of all workers'  compensation  claims  incurred
     during the  customer's  contract  period.  The  liability is estimated  and
     accrued  each month based upon the  then-current  amount of the  customer's
     estimated  workers'  compensation  claims  reserves as  established  by the
     Company's third party administrator.

     CUSTOMER DEPOSITS
     The Company requires deposits from certain  professional  employer services
     customers  to cover a  portion  of its  accounts  receivable  due from such
     customers in the event of default of payment.

     STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
     Interest  paid during 2002,  2001 and 2000 did not  materially  differ from
     interest expense.

     Income  taxes paid by the Company in 2000 totaled  $2,331,000.  The Company
     paid no income taxes in 2001 and 2002.

     BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
     Basic earnings per share are computed based on the weighted  average number
     of common  shares  outstanding  for each year.  Diluted  earnings per share
     reflect the potential effects of the exercise of outstanding stock options.
     Basic and diluted shares outstanding are summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                Year Ended
                                                                                                December 31,
                                                                           ------------------------------------------------
                                                                               2002             2001            2000
                                                                           ---------------  ---------------  --------------

<S>                                                                            <C>              <C>             <C>
Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding                            5,804,231        6,193,119       7,237,262

Stock option plan shares to be issued at prices ranging from
    $1.45 to $17.75 per share                                                          -                -         985,797

Less:      Assumed purchase at average market price during the
           period using proceeds received upon exercise of
           options and purchase of stock, and using tax benefits
           of compensation due to premature dispositions                               -                -        (946,200)
                                                                          ---------------  ---------------  --------------

Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding                          5,804,231        6,193,119       7,276,859
                                                                          ===============  ===============  ==============

</TABLE>

     As a result of the net loss reported for the years ended  December 31, 2002
     and 2001, 23,978 and 25,779, respectively,  of potential common shares have
     been excluded from the  calculation of diluted loss per share because their
     effect would be anti-dilutive.

     STOCK OPTION COMPENSATION
     The Company  applies APB  Opinion  No. 25 and  related  interpretations  in
     accounting  for its stock  incentive  plan.  Accordingly,  no  compensation
     expense has been  recognized  for its stock option  grants issued at market
     price because the exercise  price of the Company's  employee  stock options
     equals the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant.



                                      F-9
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

1.   Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

     STOCK OPTION COMPENSATION (Continued)
     If compensation expense for the Company's stock-based compensation plan had
     been determined based on the fair market value at the grant date for awards
     under  the Plan  consistent  with the  method  of  Statement  of  Financial
     Accounting  Standards ("SFAS") No. 123, the Company's net (loss) income and
     (loss) earnings per share would have been adjusted to the pro forma amounts
     indicated below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               2002          2001         2000
                                                                            -----------   -----------  -----------
        (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                                           <C>           <C>            <C>
        Net (loss) income, as reported                                        $ (1,353)     $ (2,422)      $2,101
        Add back compensation expense recognized under
           APB No. 25                                                                -            17           85
        Deduct: Total stock-based  compensation expense
           determined under fair value based method for all awards,
           net of related tax effects                                             (168)         (237)        (769)
                                                                            -----------   -----------  -----------
        Net (loss) income, pro forma                                          $ (1,521)     $ (2,642)      $1,417
                                                                            ===========   ===========  ===========
        Basic (loss) earnings per share, as reported                            $ (.23)       $ (.39)      $  .29
        Basic (loss) earnings per share, pro forma                                (.26)         (.43)         .20
        Diluted (loss) earnings per share, as reported                            (.23)         (.39)         .29
        Diluted (loss) earnings per share, pro forma                              (.26)         (.43)         .19

</TABLE>

     The effects of applying SFAS No. 123 for  providing  pro forma  disclosures
     for 2002, 2001 and 2000 are not likely to be  representative of the effects
     on reported net income for future years,  because options vest over several
     years and additional awards generally are made each year.

     RECLASSIFICATIONS
     Certain prior year amounts have been  reclassified to conform with the 2002
     presentation.  Such  reclassifications  had  no  impact  on  gross  margin,
     operating  results or shareholder  equity.  See restatement of PEO revenues
     and cost of revenues under the heading "Revenue recognition" in Note 1.

     ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     The  preparation of the Company's  financial  statements in conformity with
     accounting  principles  generally  accepted in the United States of America
     requires  management  to make  estimates  and  assumptions  that affect the
     reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure of contingent
     assets and  liabilities  at the date of the  financial  statements  and the
     reported  amounts of revenues and expenses  during the  reporting  periods.
     Management  bases its  estimates on  historical  experience  and on various
     other   assumptions   that  are  believed  to  be   reasonable   under  the
     circumstances,  the  results of which  form the basis for making  judgments
     about the carrying  values of assets and  liabilities  that are not readily
     apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from such estimates.


                                      F-10
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

1.   Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

     RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
     In May 2002,  the FASB issued SFAS 145,  "Rescission  of FAS Nos. 4, 44 and
     64,  Amendment of FAS 13, and Technical  Corrections."  Among other things,
     SFAS 145 rescinds various pronouncements  regarding early extinguishment of
     debt and allows extraordinary accounting treatment for early extinguishment
     only when the  provisions  of Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. 30,
     "Reporting the Results of Operations - Reporting the Effects of Disposal of
     a Segment  of a  Business,  and  Extraordinary,  Unusual  and  Infrequently
     Occurring Events and Transactions"  are met. SFAS 145 provisions  regarding
     early  extinguishment  of debt are  generally  effective  for fiscal  years
     beginning after May 15, 2002. Management does not believe that the adoption
     of  these  statements  will  have  a  material  impact  on its  results  of
     operations or financial position.

     In July  2002,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  146,  "Accounting  for  the  Costs
     Associated with Exit or Disposal  Activities." SFAS 146 requires  companies
     to  recognize  liabilities  and  costs  associated  with  exit or  disposal
     activities initiated after December 31, 2002 when they are incurred, rather
     than when management commits to a plan to exit an activity.  This Statement
     will  affect  only the timing of the  recognition  of future  restructuring
     costs  and is not  expected  to have a  material  effect  on the  Company's
     results of operations or financial position.

     In December  2002,  the FASB issued SFAS 148,  "Accounting  for Stock Based
     Compensation - Transition and  Disclosure."  SFAS 148 provides  alternative
     methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method
     of accounting for stock-based employee compensation and requires fair value
     method pro forma  disclosures  to be displayed  more  prominently  and in a
     tabular  format.  Additionally,  SFAS 148 requires  similar  disclosures in
     interim financial statements. The transition and disclosure requirements of
     SFAS 148 were adopted by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2002.

     In November 2002, the FASB issued  Interpretation No. 45 ("Interpretation")
     "Guarantor's   Accounting  and  Disclosure   Requirements  for  Guarantees,
     Including  Indirect  Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others."  Interpretation
     No. 45 addresses the  disclosures  to be made by a guarantor in its interim
     and annual financial statements about its obligations under guarantees. The
     Interpretation  also clarifies the requirements  related to the recognition
     of a  liability  by a guarantor  at the  inception  of a guarantee  for the
     obligations  the guarantor has  undertaken in issuing that  guarantee.  The
     Interpretation   does  not  specify  the  subsequent   measurement  of  the
     guarantor's recognized liability for either the noncontingent aspect of the
     guarantee or the contingent aspect of the guarantee. The accounting for the
     contingent  aspect  of  the  guarantee,  if it is  not  accounted  for as a
     derivative under SFAS No. 133,  "Accounting for Derivative  Instruments and
     Hedging   Activities,"   is  covered  by  SFAS  No.  5,   "Accounting   for
     Contingencies."  The  provisions  in SFAS No. 5 about  disclosure of a loss
     that is  reasonably  possible  are  not  affected  by this  Interpretation.
     Management  does not believe  that the  Company  has entered  into any such
     guarantor  arrangements  and does not  believe  that the  adoption  of this
     Statement  will have a  material  impact on its  results of  operations  or
     financial position.


                                      F-11

<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

2.   Business Combinations

     TEMPORARY STAFFING SYSTEMS, INC.
     Effective  January 1, 1999,  the Company  acquired  all of the  outstanding
     common  stock of  Temporary  Staffing  Systems,  Inc.  ("TSS"),  a staffing
     services  company  with eight  offices in North  Carolina  and one in South
     Carolina.  The  Company  paid  $2,000,000  in cash  and  agreed  to make an
     additional  payment  contingent upon a minimum equity  requirement for 1998
     and certain financial  performance criteria for 1999. The Company also paid
     $50,000 in cash for a noncompete  agreement  with the selling  shareholder.
     During 2000, as a result of the  aforementioned  minimum equity requirement
     and certain  financial  performance  criteria,  the Company paid additional
     consideration   aggregating  $960,000  plus  accrued  interest,  which  was
     recognized as additional goodwill.


3.   Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Concentration of Credit Risk

     All of the Company's  financial  instruments  are recognized in its balance
     sheet.  Carrying  values  approximate  fair market value of most  financial
     assets  and  liabilities.  The  fair  market  value  of  certain  financial
     instruments was estimated as follows:

     -   Marketable securities - Marketable securities primarily consist of U.S.
         Treasury bills and municipal bonds. The interest rates on the Company's
         marketable  security  investments  approximate current market rates for
         these  types  of  investments;  therefore,  the  recorded  value of the
         marketable securities approximates fair market value.

     -   Long-term  debt - The interest  rates on the Company's  long-term  debt
         approximate  current market rates, based upon similar  obligations with
         like  maturities;  therefore,  the  recorded  value of  long-term  debt
         approximates the fair market value.

     Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration
     of credit risk consist primarily of temporary cash investments,  marketable
     securities and trade accounts receivable.  The Company restricts investment
     of  temporary  cash  investments  and  marketable  securities  to financial
     institutions  with high credit ratings and to  investments in  governmental
     debt instruments. Credit risk on trade receivables is minimized as a result
     of the large and diverse nature of the Company's customer base. At December
     31,  2002,  the Company had  significant  concentrations  of credit risk as
     follows:

     -   Marketable securities - $2,170,000 of marketable securities at December
         31,  2002  consisted  of  Oregon  State  Department  of  Administrative
         Services Bonds and Oregon State Housing & Community Services Bonds.

     -   Trade  receivables - Trade  receivables  from two customers  aggregated
         $816,000 at December 31, 2002 (7% of trade  receivables  outstanding at
         December 31, 2002).


                                      F-12

<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

4.   Intangibles

     Intangibles consist of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                          ---------------------------
                                                                                             2002           2001
                                                                                          ------------   ------------

<S>                                                                                           <C>            <C>
        Covenants not to compete                                                              $ 3,709        $ 3,709

        Less accumulated amortization                                                           3,650          3,580
                                                                                          ------------   ------------

                                                                                                $  59         $  129
                                                                                          ============   ============
</TABLE>

5.   Property and Equipment

     Property and equipment consist of the following (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                        ---------------------------
                                                                                            2002          2001
                                                                                        -------------  ------------
<S>                                                                                          <C>           <C>
        Office furniture and fixtures                                                        $ 4,474       $ 4,563
        Computer hardware and software                                                         4,581         4,534
        Buildings                                                                              1,272         1,239
                                                                                        -------------  ------------

                                                                                              10,327        10,336

        Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                                         5,468         4,560
                                                                                        -------------  ------------

                                                                                               4,859         5,776

        Land                                                                                     308           308
                                                                                        -------------  ------------

                                                                                             $ 5,167       $ 6,084
                                                                                        =============  ============
</TABLE>


6.   Workers' Compensation Claims Liabilities

     The  Company  is  a   self-insured   employer   with  respect  to  workers'
     compensation coverage for all its employees (including employees subject to
     PEO contracts) working in Oregon, Maryland, Delaware and California. In the
     state of Washington,  state law allows only the Company's staffing services
     and  management  employees to be covered under the  Company's  self-insured
     workers'  compensation  program.  The  Company  also was  self-insured  for
     workers' compensation  purposes, as granted by the United States Department
     of Labor,  for longshore  and harbor  workers'  coverage  through April 16,
     2001.

     The Company has provided a total of $6,395,000  and  $8,870,000 at December
     31, 2002 and 2001,  respectively,  as an estimated  liability for unsettled
     workers'  compensation  claims  liabilities.  The  estimated  liability for
     unsettled  workers'   compensation  claims  represents   management's  best
     estimate, which includes, in part, an evaluation of information provided by
     the Company's  third-party  administrators for workers' compensation claims
     and its independent  actuary,  who annually assists  management to estimate
     the total future costs of

                                      F-13
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

6.   Workers' Compensation Claims Liabilities (Continued)

     all claims,  including potential future adverse loss development.  Included
     in the claims  liabilities are case reserve  estimates for reported losses,
     plus additional  amounts based on projections for incurred but not reported
     claims,  anticipated  increases in case reserve  estimates  and  additional
     claims  administration  expenses.  These estimates are continually reviewed
     and adjustments to liabilities are reflected in current  operating  results
     as they become  known.  The Company  believes that the  difference  between
     amounts  recorded for its estimated  liabilities  and the possible range of
     costs to settle  related  claims is not material to results of  operations;
     nevertheless, it is reasonably possible that adjustments required in future
     periods may be material to results of operations.

     Liabilities incurred for work-related employee fatalities, as determined by
     the state in which the accident occurred,  are recorded either at an agreed
     lump-sum  settlement  amount or the net present  value of future  fixed and
     determinable  payments  over  the  actuarially  determined  remaining  life
     expectancy of the  beneficiary,  discounted at a rate that  approximates  a
     long-term,  high-quality  corporate  bond rate.  During  2002,  the Company
     maintained   excess   workers'   compensation   insurance   to  limit   its
     self-insurance  exposure  to $750,000  per  occurrence  in all states.  The
     excess  insurance  provided  statutory  coverage  above the  aforementioned
     exposures.

     At December 31, 2002, the Company's long-term workers'  compensation claims
     liabilities  in  the  accompanying  balance  sheet  included  $646,000  for
     work-related fatalities.  The aggregate undiscounted pay-out amount related
     to the  catastrophic  injuries and fatalities is  $1,374,000.  The discount
     rates  applied  to the  discounted  liabilities  range from 7.05% to 9.00%.
     These rates  represented the then-current  rates for high quality long-term
     debt securities  available at the date of loss with maturities equal to the
     length  of  the  pay-out  period  to  the  beneficiaries.  The  actuarially
     determined  pay-out periods to the beneficiaries  range from 8 to 39 years.
     As a result,  the five-year cash  requirements  related to these claims are
     immaterial.

     The states of Oregon, Maryland,  Washington,  Delaware,  California and the
     United States Department of Labor require the Company to maintain specified
     investment balances or other financial instruments,  totaling $8,968,000 at
     December 31, 2002 and  $7,418,000 at December 31, 2001, to cover  potential
     claims losses. In partial  satisfaction of these requirements,  at December
     31, 2002, the Company has provided  standby letters of credit in the amount
     of $4,786,000  and surety bonds  totaling  $907,000.  The  investments  are
     included in  restricted  marketable  securities  and workers'  compensation
     deposits in the  accompanying  balance  sheets.  For the period May 1, 1996
     through  July 1,  2001,  the  Company  maintained  a  multi-state  workers'
     compensation  insurance  policy  with a  retention  level of  $350,000  per
     occurrence. This policy provided workers' compensation coverage for most of
     the states in which the  Company  operated  for which the  Company  was not
     self-insured  for  workers'   compensation   purposes.   Pursuant  to  this
     arrangement,  the  Company  provided  standby  letters  of  credit  to  the
     insurance company totaling $685,000.  Subsequent to year end, the insurance
     company agreed to reduce its letters of credit requirement by $540,000 to a
     total of $145,000.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

7.   Credit Facility

     Effective  September  2, 2002,  the  Company  entered  into an Amended  and
     Restated  Credit  Agreement with its principal  bank. The Agreement,  which
     expires on April 30, 2003,  provides for a revolving  credit facility of up
     to $11.0 million,  which includes a subfeature under the line of credit for
     standby letters of credit totaling not more than $5.5 million,  as to which
     approximately $5.47 million were outstanding as of December 31, 2002, and a
     term loan in the original amount of $693,750  bearing interest at an annual
     rate  of  7.4%,  as  to  which  the  outstanding   principal   balance  was
     approximately $347,000 as of December 31, 2002.

     Under  the  terms  of  the  Agreement,   the  Company's  total  outstanding
     borrowings,  to a maximum of $11.0  million,  may not at any time exceed an
     aggregate of (i) 85% of the Company's eligible billed accounts  receivable,
     plus (ii) 65% of the Company's  eligible unbilled accounts  receivable (not
     to exceed  $2.5  million),  plus  (iii) 75% of the  appraised  value of the
     Company's real property  mortgaged to the bank,  minus amounts  outstanding
     under the term loan. Advances bear interest at an annual rate of prime rate
     plus one percent.  The revolving credit facility is  collateralized  by the
     Company's assets, including,  without limitation,  its accounts receivable,
     equipment,  intellectual property, real property and bank deposits, and may
     be prepaid at anytime without penalty.  The Agreement  requires  compliance
     with the following financial  covenants:  (1) a Current Ratio not less than
     1.10 to 1.0 prior to December 31, 2002, and not less than 1.15 to 1.0 as of
     December 31, 2002 and  thereafter,  with "Current  Ratio"  defined as total
     current  assets divided by total current  liabilities;  (2) EBITDA not less
     than negative  $2,750,000 as of the quarter ended  September 30, 2002,  not
     less than  $850,000 as of the quarter  ended March 31, 2003,  measured on a
     trailing  four-quarter  basis,  with "EBITDA"  defined as net profit before
     taxes, interest expense (net of capitalized interest expense), depreciation
     expense and amortization  expense; (3) Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio not more
     than 7.0 to 1.0 as of December 31, 2002 and not more than 3.25 to 1.0 as of
     March 31, 2003,  with "Funded Debt" defined as all borrowed  funds plus the
     amount of all capitalized lease obligations of the Company and "Funded Debt
     to EBITDA Ratio"  defined as Funded Debt divided by EBITDA;  and (4) EBITDA
     Coverage  Ratio not less than 0.75 to 1.0 as of  December  31, 2002 and not
     less than 1.50 to 1.0 as of March 31, 2003,  with "EBITDA  Coverage  Ratio"
     defined as EBITDA divided by the aggregate of total  interest  expense plus
     the prior period  current  maturity of long-term  debt and the prior period
     current maturity of subordinated debt.

     As a result of violation of certain of the above financial  covenants as of
     December 31, 2002, the Company obtained the bank's agreement to waive those
     covenant   violations.   In   addition,   the  bank   agreed  to  ease  the
     restrictiveness  of the  Current  Ratio and  trailing  four-quarter  EBITDA
     covenants  and suspend the  application  of the Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio
     and the EBITDA  Coverage Ratio  covenants as of March 31, 2003.  Management
     executed on April 11, 2003 a second  amendment to the  Agreement  (the "New
     Credit Agreement")  which, among other things,  extends the term from April
     30, 2003 to March 31, 2004.

     Under  the  terms  of  the  New  Credit  Agreement,   the  Company's  total
     outstanding  borrowings,  to  a  maximum  of  $8.0  million,   including  a
     subfeature  under the line of credit for standby letters of credit totaling
     not more than $5.0  million,  may not at any time  exceed an

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

7.   Credit Facility (Continued)

     aggregate of (i)85% of the Company's  eligible billed accounts  receivable,
     plus (ii) 65% of the Company's  eligible unbilled accounts  receivable (not
     to exceed  $1.5  million),  plus  (iii) only to June 30,  2003,  75% of the
     appraised  value of the Company's real property  collateral  granted to the
     bank,  minus the  amount  outstanding  under the term loan.  Advances  bear
     interest at an annual rate of prime rate plus two  percent.  The New Credit
     Agreement  expires March 31, 2004. The revolving credit facility is secured
     by the  Company's  assets,  including,  without  limitation,  its  accounts
     receivable,  equipment,  intellectual  property,  real  property  and  bank
     deposits,  and may be prepaid at anytime without  penalty.  Purusant to the
     New Credit Agreement,  the Company is required to maintain  compliance with
     the following financial  covenants:  (1) a Current Ratio not less than 1.10
     to 1.0 through June 29, 2003,  and not less than 1.15 to 1.0 from and after
     June 30, 2003, with "Current Ratio" defined as total current assets divided
     by total current liabilities; (2) EBITDA not less than negative $700,000 as
     of the quarter ended March 31, 2003, not less than negative  $350,000 as of
     the quarter  ending June 30, 2003, not less than $250,000 as of the quarter
     ending  September 30, 2003, and not less than  $1,500,000 as of the quarter
     ending   December  31,  2003  and   thereafter,   measured  on  a  trailing
     four-quarter  basis,  with  "EBITDA"  defined as net profit  before  taxes,
     interest  expense  (net  of  capitalized  interest  expense),  depreciation
     expense and amortization  expense; (3) Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio not more
     than 4.0 to 1.0 as of  September  30, 2003 and not more than 2.25 to 1.0 as
     of December  31, 2003 and  thereafter,  with "Funded  Debt"  defined as all
     borrowed funds plus the amount of all capitalized  lease obligations of the
     Company and "Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio" defined as Funded Debt divided by
     EBITDA;  and (4)  EBITDA  Coverage  Ratio  not  less  than 1.0 to 1.0 as of
     September  30, 2003 and not less than 1.75 to 1.0 as of December  31, 2003,
     with "EBITDA  Coverage Ratio" defined as EBITDA divided by the aggregate of
     total interest  expense plus the prior period current maturity of long-term
     debt and the prior period current maturity of subordinated  debt.

     During the year ended  December 31, 2002, the maximum  balance  outstanding
     under the revolving  credit  facility was  $4,929,000,  the average balance
     outstanding was $3,274,000,  and the weighted  average interest rate during
     the period was 4.51%.  The weighted  average  interest rate during 2002 was
     calculated using daily weighted averages.


                                      F-16
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

8.   Long-Term Debt

     Long-term debt consists of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                             ------------------------
                                                                                               2002          2001
                                                                                             ----------   -----------
                                                                                                 (in thousands)
<S>                                                                                            <C>           <C>
      Term loan payable in monthly installments of $91,667 plus interest
        at LIBOR plus 1.35%, paid in full in 2002                                                $   -         $ 458
      Note payable in annual installments of $200,000 for years 2002, 2005 and
        2006 and $87,500 for years 2003 and 2004, plus simple interest at 5.00%
        per annum through 2006                                                                     575           775
      Mortgage note payable in monthly installments of $6,408, including
        interest at 7.40% per annum through 2003, with a principal payment
        of $325,000 due in 2003, secured by land and building (Note 7)                             347           397
                                                                                             ----------   -----------

                                                                                                   922         1,630

      Less portion due within one year                                                             434           708
                                                                                             ----------   -----------

                                                                                                 $ 488         $ 922
                                                                                             ==========   ===========
</TABLE>

     Maturities on long-term debt are summarized as follows at December 31, 2002
     (in thousands):

                Year ending
                December 31,
                ------------------

                     2003                            $  434
                     2004                                88
                     2005                               200
                     2006                               200
                                              --------------

                                                     $  922
                                              ==============
9.   Savings Plan

     The Company has a Section 401(k)  employee  savings plan for the benefit of
     its  eligible  employees.  All  employees  21 years of age or older  become
     eligible to participate in the savings plan upon  completion of 1,000 hours
     of service in any consecutive 12-month period following the initial date of
     employment.  Employees covered under a co-employer  ("PEO")contract receive
     credit for prior  employment  with the PEO client for  purposes  of meeting
     savings   plan   service   eligibility.   The   determination   of  Company
     contributions to the plan, if any, is subject to the sole discretion of the
     Company.

     Participants'  interests in Company  contributions  to the plan vest over a
     seven-year period.  Company contributions to the plan, before participants'
     forfeitures,  were  $102,000  for the year  ended  December  31,  2000.  No
     discretionary  company  contributions  were  made to the plan for the years
     ended December 31, 2002 and 2001.




                                      F-17
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

9.   Savings Plan (Continued)

     After  several  years of study,  on April 24, 2002,  the  Internal  Revenue
     Service  ("IRS") issued Revenue  Procedure  2002-21 ("Rev Proc") to provide
     relief  with  respect  to certain  defined  contribution  retirement  plans
     maintained by a PEO that benefit worksite employees.  The Rev Proc outlines
     the steps necessary for a PEO to avoid plan  disqualification for violating
     the exclusive  benefit rule.  Essentially,  a PEO must either (1) terminate
     its plan;  (2) convert its plan to a "multiple  employer  plan" by December
     31, 2003;  or (3) transfer  the plan assets and  liabilities  to a customer
     plan.  Effective December 1, 2002, the Company converted its 401(k) plan to
     a "multiple employer plan".


10.  Commitments

     LEASE COMMITMENTS
     The Company  leases its  offices  under  operating  lease  agreements  that
     require minimum annual payments as follows (in thousands):

                       Year ending
                        December 31,
                     -------------------

                            2003                                $ 1,209
                            2004                                    876
                            2005                                    525
                            2006                                     96
                            2007                                     41
                                                           -------------

                                                                $ 2,747
                                                           =============

     Rent  expense  for the years ended  December  31,  2002,  2001 and 2000 was
     approximately $1,741,000, $1,811,000 and $1,871,000, respectively.

11.  Related Party Transactions

     During the period from January 1, 2002 to May 1, 2002, the Company recorded
     revenues  of  $138,000  and cost of  revenues  of  $132,000  for  providing
     services to a company  owned by  Barrett's  President  and Chief  Executive
     Officer,  Mr. William W. Sherertz.  Effective May 1, 2002, this company was
     sold  to an  unrelated  third-party.  During  2001,  the  Company  recorded
     revenues of $26,000 and cost of revenues of $25,000 to this  company and at
     December 31, 2001,  Barrett had trade  receivables due from this company of
     $19,000.

     During  2001,  pursuant  to  the  approval  of  all  disinterested  outside
     directors,  the Company agreed to loan Mr.  Sherertz up to $60,000  between
     December  2001 and June 2002 to assist Mr.  Sherertz  in  meeting  his debt
     service  obligations of interest only on a personal loan from the Company's
     principal  bank,  which is secured by his holdings of Company stock. In the
     Spring of 2002, with the approval of all disinterested  outside  directors,
     the  Company  agreed  to extend  its  financial  commitment  to lend to Mr.
     Sherertz  amounts  equal  to  an  additional  two  quarterly  interest-only
     payments in July and September 2002. The Company's note receivable from Mr.
     Sherertz  bears  interest at prime less 50 basis points,  which is the same

                                      F-18
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

11.  Related Party Transactions (Continued)

     rate as Mr.  Sherertz's  personal  loan from the bank.  As of December  31,
     2002, the note receivable from Mr. Sherertz totaled approximately  $107,000
     and is shown as contra equity in the Statements of Stockholders' Equity.

     During  2001,  pursuant  to  the  approval  of  all  disinterested  outside
     directors, the Company entered into a split dollar life insurance agreement
     with Mr.  Sherertz's  personal trust.  Terms of the agreement  provide that
     upon Mr.  Sherertz's  death,  the  Company  will  recoup from his trust all
     insurance  premiums paid by the Company.  During each of 2002 and 2001, the
     Company paid annual life insurance  premiums of approximately  $56,000.  In
     addition,  during each of 2002 and 2001,  the Company  paid a cash bonus of
     approximately  $39,000 to Mr.  Sherertz  in  connection  with his  personal
     expenses related to the split dollar life insurance program.

     In October 2001, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Sherertz to
     rent a residence in La Quinta,  California owned by Mr. Sherertz for use in
     entertaining  the Company's  customers.  During 2002 and 2001,  the Company
     paid Mr.  Sherertz  $97,000 and  $23,000,  respectively,  for rental of the
     property.

12.  Income Taxes

     The  (benefit  from)  provisions  for  income  taxes  are  as  follows  (in
     thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                      2002             2001              2000
                                                                  -------------    --------------    -------------
        Current:
<S>                                                                   <C>                 <C>             <C>
           Federal                                                    $ (2,452)           $   24          $ 2,019
           State                                                             7                 2              598
                                                                  -------------    --------------    -------------
                                                                        (2,445)               26            2,617
                                                                  -------------    --------------    -------------
        Deferred:
           Federal                                                       1,592            (1,356)            (965)
           State                                                           (39)             (244)            (206)
                                                                  -------------    --------------    -------------
                                                                         1,553            (1,600)          (1,171)
                                                                  -------------    --------------    -------------

             Total (benefit) provision                                 $  (892)         $ (1,574)         $ 1,446
                                                                  =============    ==============    =============
</TABLE>


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

12.  Income Taxes (Continued)

     Deferred  income tax assets  (liabilities)  are  comprised of the following
     components (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         2002            2001
                                                                                     -------------   -------------

        Gross deferred income tax assets:
<S>                                                                                       <C>             <C>
           Workers' compensation claims liabilities                                       $ 2,488         $ 3,413
           Safety incentives payable                                                           99             104
           Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                     16             159
           Amortization of intangibles                                                          -             634
           Deferred compensation                                                              510             447
           Net operating losses and tax credits                                               542             146
           Other                                                                               63             303
                                                                                     -------------   -------------
                                                                                            3,718           5,206
                                                                                     -------------   -------------
        Gross deferred income tax liabilities:
           Tax depreciation in excess of book depreciation                                    (93)            (97)
           Amortization of intangibles                                                        (69)              -
                                                                                     -------------   -------------
                                                                                             (162)            (97)
                                                                                     -------------   -------------

           Net deferred income tax assets                                                 $ 3,556         $ 5,109
                                                                                     =============   =============
</TABLE>

     The effective tax rate  differed from the U.S.  statutory  federal tax rate
     due to the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                      2002             2001              2000
                                                                  -------------    --------------    -------------

<S>                                                                      <C>               <C>               <C>
        Statutory federal tax rate                                       (34.0)%           (34.0)%           34.0 %
        State taxes, net of federal benefit                               (1.0)             (4.0)             7.2
        Nondeductible expenses                                             5.8                 -              1.6
        Nondeductible amortization of intangibles                            -               2.2              5.0
        Federal tax-exempt interest income                                (2.6)             (1.8)            (2.3)
        Federal tax credits                                               (8.0)             (2.0)            (4.0)
        Other, net                                                         0.1               0.2             (0.7)
                                                                  -------------    --------------    -------------

                                                                         (39.7)%           (39.4)%           40.8 %
                                                                  =============    ==============    =============
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2002,  the Company had federal net  operating tax losses of
     $6,456,000,  which will be carried back against taxable income for the year
     1997 and will provide a federal income tax refund in 2003. The Company also
     had state tax loss  carryforwards  of  $6,484,000,  which expire in varying
     amounts between 2007 and 2022.

     At December 31,  2002,  the Company had $304,000 and $88,000 of unused U.S.
     federal  Work  Opportunity  Tax Credits  and  Welfare to Work Tax  Credits,
     respectively. These credits may be carried forward until expiration between
     2021  and  2022.   Additionally,   the  Company  had  unused  U.S.  federal
     Alternative  Minimum  Tax Credits of $24,000  which may be carried  forward
     without expiration.


                                      F-20
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)


13.  Stock Incentive Plan

     The Company has a Stock  Incentive  Plan (the  "Plan")  which  provides for
     stock-based awards to Company employees, non-employee directors and outside
     consultants or advisors.  Since inception,  the Company's stockholders have
     approved  two  increases  in the total  number  of  shares of common  stock
     reserved for issuance under the Plan. Currently, the total shares of common
     stock  reserved  for  issuance  under the Plan is  1,550,000.  The  options
     generally become  exercisable in four equal annual  installments  beginning
     one year  after the date of grant and  expire  ten years  after the date of
     grant.  Under the terms of the Plan, the exercise price of incentive  stock
     options must not be less than the fair market value of the Company's  stock
     on the date of grant.

     In addition,  certain of the Company's  branch  management  employees  have
     elected to receive a portion of their  quarterly  cash bonus in the form of
     nonqualified  deferred compensation stock options. Such options are awarded
     at a  sixty  percent  discount  from  the  then-fair  market  value  of the
     Company's  stock and are fully  vested  and  immediately  exercisable  upon
     grant. During 2001, the Company awarded deferred compensation stock options
     for 7,811 shares at an average  exercise  price of $1.45 per share.  During
     2000, the Company awarded  deferred  compensation  stock options for 25,466
     shares at an average  exercise  price of $2.22 per share.  During 2002, the
     Company  made  no  awards  of  deferred   compensation  stock  options.  In
     accordance  with  Accounting  Principles  Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, the
     Company  recognized  compensation  expense of $17,000  and  $85,000 for the
     years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000,  respectively,  in connection  with
     the issuance of these discounted options.

     On August 22, 2001, the Company offered to all employee optionees who held
     options with an exercise price of more than $5.85 per share (covering a
     total of 812,329 shares), the opportunity to voluntarily return for
     cancellation without payment any stock option award with an exercise price
     above that price. At the close of the offer period on September 20, 2001,
     stock options for a total of 797,229 shares were voluntarily surrendered
     for cancellation. On August 20, 2002, the Compensation Committee of the
     Company's board of directors approved the issuance of a total of 357,000
     options to then-current employees.

                                      F-21
<PAGE>

13.  Stock Incentive Plan (Continued)

     A summary of the status of the  Company's  stock  options at  December  31,
     2002,  2001 and 2000,  together with changes during the periods then ended,
     are presented below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                       Number         average
                                                                                         of           exercise
                                                                                       options         price
                                                                                    --------------  -------------

<S>                                                                                   <C>            <C>
       Outstanding at December 31, 1999                                                   893,718        $ 11.16

       Options granted at market price                                                    171,056           6.57
       Options granted below market price                                                  25,466           2.22
       Options exercised                                                                   (7,000)          4.01
       Options canceled or expired                                                       (127,578)          9.03
                                                                                    --------------

       Outstanding at December 31, 2000                                                   955,662          10.44

       Options granted at market price                                                     99,562           3.74
       Options granted below market price                                                   7,811           1.45
       Options exercised                                                                        -              -
       Options voluntarily surrendered                                                   (797,229)         11.53
       Options canceled or expired                                                        (13,600)          8.72
                                                                                    --------------

       Outstanding at December 31, 2001                                                   252,206

       Options granted at market price                                                    372,719           3.16
       Options granted below market price                                                       -              -
       Options exercised                                                                  (16,556)          3.67
       Options canceled or expired                                                        (88,174)          3.58
                                                                                    --------------

       Outstanding at December 31, 2002                                                   520,195
                                                                                    ==============

       Available for grant at December 31, 2002                                           788,815
                                                                                    ==============
</TABLE>
     The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using
     the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, with the following weighted-average
     assumptions used for grants in 2002, 2001 and 2000:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               2002          2001         2000
                                                                            -----------   -----------  -----------
<S>                                                                                <C>           <C>          <C>
        Expected volatility                                                        58%           56%          50%
        Risk free rate of return                                                 2.94%         4.59%        6.20%
        Expected dividend yield                                                     0%            0%           0%
        Expected life (years)                                                      5.0           5.0          7.0
</TABLE>


     Total fair value of options  granted  at market  price was  computed  to be
     $571,000, $197,000 and $674,000 for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001
     and 2000, respectively. Total fair value of options granted at 60% discount
     to market price was computed to be  approximately  $21,000 and $111,000 for
     the years  ended  December  31, 2001 and 2000  respectively.  There were no
     options  granted  during 2002 below  market  price.  The  weighted  average
     fair-value  per share of all  options  granted  in 2002,  2001 and 2000 was
     $1.53, $2.03 and $3.94, respectively.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

13.  Stock Incentive Plan (Continued)

     The following table summarizes  information about stock options outstanding
     at December 31, 2002:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


    Options outstanding                                                                           Options exercisable
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------------
                                                                 Weighted-
                                                 Weighted-        average          Exercisable        Weighted-
                                                  average        remaining             at              average
                                  Number         exercise       contractual       December 31,        exercise
   Exercise price range         of shares          price       life (years)           2002              price
----------------------------  ---------------  --------------  --------------   ------------------  --------------
<C>             <C>                  <C>             <C>            <C>                    <C>            <C>
$     1.45    -  $    3.58          367,776         $  3.12        9.2                    30,776         $  3.00
      3.63    -       7.75          145,419            4.21        7.8                    47,002            4.66
     11.50    -      17.75            7,000           13.58        3.9                     7,000           13.58
                              ---------------                                   ------------------
                                    520,195                                               84,778
                              ===============                                   ==================
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2002,  2001 and 2000,  84,778,  135,344 and 619,009 options
     were exercisable at weighted  average  exercise prices of $4.79,  $4.21 and
     $11.33, respectively.


14.  Stockholders' Equity

     During 2002, the Company received a final  liquidating  distribution from a
     former  insolvent  customer.   The  customer's  receivable  was  personally
     guaranteed by the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer,  who had
     previously  satisfied the  guarantee to the Company in full.  As such,  the
     payment by the Company of approximately  $28,000 to the Company's President
     represented  a  partial  recovery  for  the  guarantor  of  the  guaranteed
     receivable.

15.  Stock Repurchase Program

     During 1999, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase
     program  to  purchase  common  shares  from  time to  time  in open  market
     purchases.  Since  inception,  the Board has approved six  increases in the
     total number of shares or dollars  authorized to be  repurchased  under the
     program.  The repurchase  program  currently allows for $390,000 to be used
     for the  repurchase  of additional  shares as of December 31, 2002.  During
     2002,  the Company  repurchased  100,900  shares at an  aggregate  price of
     $386,000.  During  2001,  the  Company  repurchased  603,600  shares  at an
     aggregate  price  of  $2,307,000.  During  2000,  the  Company  repurchased
     1,017,300  shares at an aggregate  price of $4,541,000.  In accordance with
     Maryland corporation law, all repurchased shares are immediately cancelled.


16.  Litigation

     The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims,  which arise in the
     ordinary course of its business.  In the opinion of management,  the amount
     of ultimate  liability  with  respect to  currently  pending or  threatened
     actions is not  expected to  materially  affect the  financial  position or
     results of operations of the Company.



                                      F-23
<PAGE>
Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

17. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

     The Company's financial statements have been restated for the first, second
     and  third  quarters  of  2002  and as  noted  in  Note 1 to the  financial
     statements, all quarters for the year ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 have
     been restated.

        (in thousands, except per share amounts and market price per share)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             First          Second          Third          Fourth
                                                            Quarter        Quarter         Quarter        Quarter
                                                         --------------  -------------  --------------  -------------
        Year ended December 31, 2000
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
           Restated revenues                                  $ 53,681       $ 57,597        $ 55,233       $ 44,117
           Adjustment                                           33,441         28,905          25,511         23,981
                                                         --------------  -------------  --------------  -------------
           Revenues, as previously reported                     87,122         86,502          80,744         68,098
                                                         ==============  =============  ==============  =============
           Restated cost of revenues                            45,078         48,819          47,319         37,607
           Adjustment                                           33,441         28,905          25,511         23,981
                                                         --------------  -------------  --------------  -------------
           Cost of revenues, as previously reported             78,519         77,724          72,830         61,588
                                                         ==============  =============  ==============  =============
           Net income                                              744            794             500             63
           Basic earnings per share                                .10            .11             .07            .01
           Diluted earnings per share                              .10            .11             .07            .01
           Common stock market prices:
             High                                             $   7.63       $   7.50        $   6.44       $   5.25
             Low                                                  5.00           5.00            5.00           2.50

        Year ended December 31, 2001
           Restated revenues                                  $ 35,397       $ 33,853        $ 37,901       $ 32,240
           Adjustment                                           19,756         18,698          20,381         18,437
                                                         --------------  -------------  --------------  -------------
           Revenues, as previously reported                     55,153         52,551          58,282         50,677
                                                         ==============  =============  ==============  =============
           Restated cost of revenues                            30,055         28,675          31,927         30,699
           Adjustment                                           19,756         18,698          20,381         18,437
                                                         --------------  -------------  --------------  -------------
           Cost of revenues, as previously reported             49,811         47,373          52,308         49,136
                                                         ==============  =============  ==============  =============
           Net (loss) income                                      (211)          (184)            242         (2,269)
           Basic (loss) earnings per share                        (.03)          (.03)            .04           (.38)
           Diluted (loss) earnings per share                      (.03)          (.03)            .04           (.38)
           Common stock market prices:
             High                                             $   4.00       $   3.97        $   4.25       $   5.06
             Low                                                  3.38           3.30            3.05           3.04

        Year ended December 31, 2002
           Restated revenues                                  $ 25,738       $ 27,766        $ 30,090       $ 25,714
           Adjustment                                           15,227         15,082          15,555              -
                                                         --------------  -------------  --------------  -------------
           Revenues, as previously reported                     40,965         42,848          45,645         25,714
                                                         ==============  =============  ==============  =============
           Restated cost of revenues                            21,951         23,414          25,717         23,261
           Adjustment                                           15,227         15,082          15,555              -
                                                         --------------  -------------  --------------  -------------
           Cost of revenues, as previously reported             37,178         38,496          41,272         23,261
                                                         ==============  =============  ==============  =============
           Net (loss) income                                      (417)             1              56           (993)
           Basic (loss) earnings per share                        (.07)             -             .01           (.17)
           Diluted (loss) earnings per share                      (.07)             -             .01           (.17)
           Common stock market prices:
             High                                             $   4.00       $   4.00        $   3.50       $   4.00
             Low                                                  3.15           2.74            2.01           2.67

</TABLE>

                                      F-24




<PAGE>
                                    PART IV


SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
-------------------------------
Registrant

Date:  April 11, 2003                           By:  /s/ Michael D. Mulholland
                                                    ----------------------------
                                                    Michael D. Mulholland
                                                    Vice President-Finance and
                                                      Secretary

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and
in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of April, 2003.

Principal Executive Officer and Director:

* WILLIAM W. SHERERTZ                           President and Chief Executive
                                                 Officer and Director

Principal Financial Officer:

/s/ Michael D. Mulholland                       Vice President-Finance and
-----------------------------------------       Secretary
Michael D. Mulholland

Principal Accounting Officer:

/s/ James D. Miller                             Controller and Assistant
-----------------------------------------       Secretary
James D. Miller

A Majority of Other Directors:

* THOMAS J. CARLEY                        Director

* JAMES B. HICKS                          Director

* ANTHONY MEEKER                          Director


* By  /s/ Michael D. Mulholland
      -----------------------------------------
      Michael D. Mulholland
      Attorney-in-Fact


<PAGE>


CERTIFICATIONS

I, William W. Sherertz, certify that:

  1. I have  reviewed  this  Annual  Report  on Form  10-K of  Barrett  Business
     Services, Inc.;

  2. Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;

  3. Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

  4. The  Registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the Registrant and we have:

     a.  designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to  ensure  that
         material  information relating to the Registrant is made known to us by
         others within the Company, particularly during the period in which this
         annual report is being prepared;

     b.  evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and
         procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
         annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

     c.  presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness
         of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of
         the Evaluation Date;

  5. The Registrant's  other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent  evaluation,  to the  Registrant's  auditors  and the audit
     committee of Registrant's board of directors:

     a.  all  significant  deficiencies  in the design or  operation of internal
         controls  which  could  adversely  affect the  Registrant's  ability to
         record,   process,   summarize  and  report  financial  data  and  have
         identified  for the  Registrant's  auditors any material  weaknesses in
         internal controls; and

     b.  any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or other
         employees  who have a  significant  role in the  Registrant's  internal
         controls; and

  6. The  Registrant's  other  certifying  officer and I have  indicated in this
     annual  report  whether or not there were  significant  changes in internal
     controls  or in other  factors  that could  significantly  affect  internal
     controls  subsequent to the date of our most recent  evaluation,  including
     any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
     weaknesses.

Date:  April 11, 2003                     /s/ William W. Sherertz
                                          ---------------------------------
                                          William W. Sherertz
                                          Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>


I, Michael D. Mulholland, certify that:

  1. I have  reviewed  this  Annual  Report  on Form  10-K of  Barrett  Business
     Services, Inc.;

  2. Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;

  3. Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

  4. The  Registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the Registrant and we have:

     a.  designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to  ensure  that
         material  information relating to the Registrant is made known to us by
         others within the Company, particularly during the period in which this
         annual report is being prepared;

     b.  evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and
         procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
         annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

     c.  presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness
         of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of
         the Evaluation Date;

  5. The Registrant's  other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent  evaluation,  to the  Registrant's  auditors  and the audit
     committee of Registrant's board of directors:

     a.  all  significant  deficiencies  in the design or  operation of internal
         controls  which  could  adversely  affect the  Registrant's  ability to
         record,   process,   summarize  and  report  financial  data  and  have
         identified  for the  Registrant's  auditors any material  weaknesses in
         internal controls; and

     b.  any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or other
         employees  who have a  significant  role in the  Registrant's  internal
         controls; and

  6. The  Registrant's  other  certifying  officer and I have  indicated in this
     annual  report  whether or not there were  significant  changes in internal
     controls  or in other  factors  that could  significantly  affect  internal
     controls  subsequent to the date of our most recent  evaluation,  including
     any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
     weaknesses.

Date:  April 11, 2003                     /s/ Michael D. Mulholland
                                          ---------------------------------
                                          Michael D. Mulholland
                                          Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>



                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

3.1   Charter of the  Registrant,  as  amended.  Incorporated  by  reference  to
      Exhibit  3 to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  for the
      quarter ended June 30, 1994.

3.2   Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      3.2 to the  Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form  10-K for the year  ended
      December 31, 1996.

      The Registrant has incurred long-term  indebtedness as to which the amount
      involved is less than 10 percent of the  Registrant's  total  assets.  The
      Registrant  agrees to furnish copies of the  instruments  relating to such
      indebtedness to the Commission upon request.

10.1  Second Amended and Restated 1993 Stock  Incentive Plan of the  Registrant.
      Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.1 to the  Registrant's  Annual
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001.*

10.2  Form of  Indemnification  Agreement with each director of the  Registrant.
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Registration
      Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-61804).*

10.3  Deferred  Compensation  Plan for Management  Employees of the  Registrant.
      Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.3 to the  Registrant's  Annual
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997.*

10.4  Employment  Agreement  between the Registrant  and Michael D.  Mulholland,
      dated January 26, 1999.  Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
      Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31,
      1998.*

10.5  Promissory   note  of  William  W.  Sherertz   dated  December  10,  2001.
      Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.5 to the  Registrant's  Annual
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001.*

10.6  Amended and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  dated as of  September  2, 2002,
      between  the  Registrant  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  N.A.  Incorporated  by
      reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the  Registrant's  Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on September 4, 2002 (the "Form 8-K").

10.7  Revolving Line of Credit Note dated as of September 2, 2002, in the amount
      of $11,000,000 issued to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.  Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K.

10.8  Security  Agreement  Equipment dated as of September 2, 2002,  executed in
      favor of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
      to the Registrant's Form 8-K.

10.9  Continuing  Security  Agreement Rights to Payment dated as of September 2,
      2002,  executed  in  favor of  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  N.A.  Incorporated  by
      reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Form 8-K.

10.10 First  Amendment,  dated March 21, 2003,  to Amended and  Restated  Credit
      Agreement  between  the  Registrant  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  N.A.  dated
      September 2, 2002.

10.11 First  Modification  to Promissory Note entered into as of March 21, 2003,
      by and between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

10.12 Second  Amendment,  dated April 30, 2003,  to Amended and Restated  Credit
      Agreement  between  the  Registrant  and Wells  Fargo  Bank,  N.A.,  dated
      September 2, 2002.

10.13 Revolving Line of Credit Note dated as of April 30, 2003, in the amount of
      $8,000,000 issued to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

23    Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants.

24    Power of attorney of certain officers and directors.

99.1  Certification  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
      Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

99.2  Certification  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
      Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

* Denotes a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
