<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>bbs10-k04.txt
<TEXT>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004
                         Commission File Number 0-21886

                         BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                    Maryland                              52-0812977
         (State or other jurisdiction of                 (IRS Employer
         incorporation or organization)               Identification No.)

             4724 SW Macadam Avenue
                Portland, Oregon                             97239
    (Address of principal executive offices)              (Zip Code)

                                 (503) 220-0988
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share

                                (Title of class)

      Indicate by check mark whether the  Registrant:  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No __

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. __

      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an accelerated  filer (as
indicated by Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes __ No X

      State  the   aggregate   market  value  of  the  common   equity  held  by
non-affiliates of the Registrant: $37,659,022 at June 30, 2004.

      Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:

             Class                          Outstanding at February 28, 2005
             -----                          --------------------------------
Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share              5,759,229 Shares

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

      Portions of the definitive  Proxy Statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders are hereby incorporated by reference into Part III of Form 10-K.


<PAGE>

                         BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
                         2004 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                        PART I                             Page
                                                                           ----
Item 1.    Business                                                           2

Item 2.    Properties                                                        11

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings                                                 11

Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders               11

           Executive Officers of the Registrant                              12
                                     PART II
Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
           Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                 13

Item 6.    Selected Financial Data                                           14

Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
           Results of Operations                                             15

Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        25

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                       25

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
           Financial Disclosure                                              25

Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures                                           25

Item 9B.   Other Information                                                 26
                                    PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                26

Item 11.   Executive Compensation                                            26

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
           and Related Stockholder Matters                                   26

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                    27

Item 14.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services                            27
                                     PART IV

Item 15.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                        28

Financial Statements                                                        F-1

Signatures

Exhibit Index



                                      -1-

<PAGE>


                                     PART I

Item 1.  BUSINESS

General
         Barrett  Business  Services,  Inc.  ("Barrett" or the  "Company"),  was
incorporated  in the state of  Maryland  in 1965.  Barrett  is a  leading  human
resource  management  company.  The Company offers a unique blended  platform of
human resource  management  services  addressing the costs and complexities of a
broad array of employment-related  issues for businesses of all sizes. Employers
are faced with  increasing  complexities  in  employment  laws and  regulations,
employee  benefits  and  administration,  federal,  state and local  payroll tax
compliance  and  mandatory  workers'  compensation  coverage,  as  well  as  the
recruitment  and  retention  of quality  employees.  The Company  believes  that
outsourcing   the   management   of   various   employer   and  human   resource
responsibilities,  which are typically  considered non-core  functions,  enables
organizations to focus on their core competencies,  thereby improving  operating
efficiencies.

         Barrett's range of services and expertise in human resource  management
encompasses five major  categories:  payroll  processing,  employee benefits and
administration,  workers' compensation  coverage,  effective risk management and
workplace safety  programs,  and human resource  administration,  which includes
functions such as recruiting,  interviewing,  drug testing,  hiring,  placement,
training  and  regulatory  compliance.  These  services are  typically  provided
through a variety of contractual  arrangements,  as part of either a traditional
staffing  service  or a  professional  employer  organization  ("PEO")  service.
Staffing  services  include  on-demand  or  short-term   staffing   assignments,
long-term  or  indefinite-term  contract  staffing,  and  comprehensive  on-site
personnel management responsibilities.  In a PEO arrangement, the Company enters
into a  contract  to  become a  co-employer  of the  client  company's  existing
workforce  and  assumes  responsibility  for some or all of the  human  resource
management  responsibilities.  The Company's  target PEO clients  typically have
limited  resources  available to effectively  manage these matters.  The Company
believes  that its  ability  to offer  clients a broad mix of  staffing  and PEO
services differentiates it from its competitors and benefits its clients through
(i) lower  recruiting  and personnel  administration  costs,  (ii)  decreases in
payroll expenses due to lower workers'  compensation and health insurance costs,
(iii)  improvements  in  workplace  safety  and  employee  benefits,  (iv) lower
employee  turnover  and (v)  reductions  in  management  resources  expended  in
employment-related  regulatory compliance. For 2004, Barrett's staffing services
revenues  represented  63.4% of total net  revenues,  compared  to 36.6% for PEO
services revenues, as compared to 76.2% and 23.8%, respectively, for 2003.

         Barrett provides  services to a diverse array of customers,  including,
among others, electronics manufacturers, various light-manufacturing industries,
forest products and  agriculture-based  companies,  transportation  and shipping
enterprises,  food processing,  telecommunications,  public  utilities,  general
contractors  in numerous  construction-related  fields and various  professional
services  firms.   During  2004,  the  Company  provided  staffing  services  to
approximately 2,700 customers,  compared to a similar number in 2003. Although a
majority of the Company's staffing customers are small to mid-sized  businesses,
during 2004  approximately  55 of the Company's  customers each utilized Barrett
employees in a number  ranging  from at least 200  employees to as many as 2,050
employees through various staffing services arrangements.  In addition,  Barrett
had  approximately  600 PEO clients at  December  31,  2004,  compared to 500 at
December 31, 2003 and Barrett employed approximately 15,500 and 11,800 employees
pursuant to PEO  contracts  at December  31,  2004 and 2003,  respectively.  The
increase in the number of PEO  customers  during 2004 was  primarily  due to PEO
growth in California attributable to the business opportunities available to the
Company as a qualified  self-insured employer for workers' compensation coverage
resulting from adverse market conditions for workers' compensation  insurance in
the state.

                                      -2-


<PAGE>

         The  Company  operates  through  a  network  of 30  branch  offices  in
Washington,  Oregon, Idaho, California,  Arizona,  Maryland,  Delaware and North
Carolina.  Barrett also has several  smaller  recruiting  offices in its general
market areas under the direction of a branch office.

         See Part II,  Item 7, under the heading  "Forward-Looking  Information"
for a  discussion  of risks and  other  factors  that may  cause  the  Company's
operating  results  or  financial  condition  to vary  significantly  from those
implied by statements in this Item or in Item 7 that are forward-looking  rather
than  historical  in  nature.   Additional   specific  risks  are  discussed  in
conjunction with forward-looking statements included in this Item and in Item 7.

Operating Strategies
         The  Company's  principal  operating  strategies  are to:  (i)  provide
effective human resource management services through a blend of staffing and PEO
arrangements,  (ii) promote a decentralized and autonomous management philosophy
and structure,  (iii) leverage branch office  economies of scale,  (iv) motivate
employees  through regular profit sharing and (v) control workers'  compensation
costs through effective risk management.

Growth Strategies
         The  Company's   principal  growth  strategies  are  to:  (i)  support,
strengthen  and  expand  branch  office  operations,   (ii)  enhance  management
information systems to support continued growth and to improve customer services
and  (iii)  expand  through  selective  acquisitions  of human  resource-related
businesses in new and existing geographic markets.

Acquisitions
         The Company  reviews  acquisition  opportunities  on a periodic  basis.
While growth through  acquisition has  historically  been a major element of the
Company's  overall  strategic  growth plan,  there can be no assurance  that any
additional acquisitions will be completed in the foreseeable future, or that any
future  acquisitions  will have a positive effect on the Company's  performance.
Acquisitions  involve a number of potential  risks,  including  the diversion of
management's  attention to the  assimilation  of the operations and personnel of
the acquired  companies,  exposure to workers'  compensation  and other costs in
differing regulatory  environments,  adverse short-term effects on the Company's
operating  results and  operational  challenges  arising out of  integration  of
management information systems.

         Effective  January 1, 2004,  the  Company  acquired  certain  assets of
Skills Resource Training Center ("SRTC"),  a staffing services company with nine
offices in Central  Washington,  Eastern Oregon and Southern Idaho.  The Company
paid  $3,000,000  in cash for the assets of SRTC and the  selling  shareholders'
noncompete  agreements  and agreed to issue up to  135,731  shares of its common
stock ("Earnout Shares"),  with the actual number of Earnout Shares to be issued
based  upon the level of  financial  performance  achieved  by the SRTC  offices
during calendar 2004. Certain contingencies remain unresolved precluding a final
calculation  of the  Earnout  Shares.  However,  the  Company  has  recorded  an
estimated  total  Earnout  Shares  of  52,800  with a value of  $778,000  on its
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2004.

The Company's Services
         Overview of Services. Barrett's services are typically provided through
a variety of contractual arrangements,  as part of either a traditional staffing
service  or a  PEO  service.  These  contractual  arrangements  also  provide  a
continuum of human resource  management  services.  While some services are more
frequently  associated with Barrett's  co-employer  arrangements,  the Company's
expertise  in such areas as safety  services  and  personnel-related  regulatory
compliance may also be utilized by its staffing  services  customers through the
Company's human resource  management  services.  The Company's range of services
and expertise in human resource management encompasses five major categories:


                                      -3-

<PAGE>


         o    Payroll  Processing.  For both the Company's staffing services and
              PEO employees,  the Company performs all functions associated with
              payroll   administration,   including   preparing  and  delivering
              paychecks,  computing tax withholding  and payroll  deductions and
              remitting  such  withholding  and  deductions to various  parties,
              handling  garnishments,  computing  vacation  and  sick  pay,  and
              preparing W-2 forms and  accounting  reports  through  centralized
              operations at its headquarters in Portland, Oregon.

         o    Employee  Benefits  and  Administration.  As a result of its size,
              Barrett is able to offer employee benefits which are typically not
              available  at  an  affordable  cost  to  many  of  its  customers,
              particularly  those with fewer than 100 employees.  These benefits
              include  health care  insurance,  a 401(k) savings plan, a Section
              125  cafeteria  plan,  life and  disability  insurance  and claims
              administration.

         o    Safety  Services.  Barrett  offers  safety  services  to both  its
              staffing  services and PEO customers in keeping with its corporate
              philosophy  of "making  the  workplace  safer." The Company has at
              least one risk manager  available at each branch office to perform
              workplace  safety  assessments  for each of its  customers  and to
              recommend actions to achieve safer  operations.  All risk managers
              report  directly to the  Company's  CEO. Each risk manager has the
              authority to cancel the business  relationship  with any customer.
              The Company's  services include safety training and safety manuals
              for both workers and  supervisors,  job-site  visits and meetings,
              improvements  in  workplace  procedures  and  equipment to further
              reduce  the risk of  injury,  compliance  with OSHA  requirements,
              environmental  regulations,   workplace  regulation  by  the  U.S.
              Department   of   Labor   and   state    agencies   and   accident
              investigations.   As  discussed   under   "Self-Insured   Workers'
              Compensation   Program"  below,   the  Company  also  pays  safety
              incentives to its customers who achieve  improvements in workplace
              safety.

         o    Workers'  Compensation  Coverage.  Beginning in 1987,  the Company
              obtained  self-insured  employer status for workers'  compensation
              coverage  in Oregon  and is  currently  a  qualified  self-insured
              employer  in many of the  states in which it  operates,  including
              California  beginning  in  March  1995.  Through  its  third-party
              administrators,  Barrett provides claims  management  services for
              its PEO  customers.  As  discussed  under  "Self-Insured  Workers'
              Compensation  Program"  below,  the Company works  aggressively at
              managing  job  injury  claims,  including  identifying  fraudulent
              claims and  utilizing its staffing  services to return  workers to
              active  employment  earlier.  As a result of its efforts to manage
              workers'  compensation  costs, the Company is often able to reduce
              its clients' overall expenses arising out of job-related  injuries
              and insurance.

         o    Human  Resource  Administration.  Barrett  offers its  clients the
              opportunity    to   leverage   the    Company's    experience   in
              personnel-related  regulatory  compliance.  For both its  staffing
              services  employees  and PEO  clients,  the  Company  handles  the
              burdens of advertising,  recruitment,  skills testing,  evaluating
              job  applications  and references,  drug  screening,  criminal and
              motor vehicle records  reviews,  hiring,  and compliance with such
              employment  regulatory  areas as  immigration,  the Americans with
              Disabilities Act, and federal and state labor regulations.

         Staffing  Services.  Barrett's  staffing  services include on-demand or
short-term staffing assignments, contract staffing, long-term or indefinite-term
on-site management and

                                      -4-

<PAGE>


human resource  administration.  Short-term  staffing  involves employee demands
caused  by  such  factors  as  seasonality,  fluctuations  in  customer  demand,
vacations, illnesses, parental leave, and special projects without incurring the
ongoing expense and administrative  responsibilities associated with recruiting,
hiring and retaining additional permanent employees.  As more and more companies
focus on effectively  managing  variable costs and reducing fixed overhead,  the
use  of  employees   on  a   short-term   basis  allows  firms  to  utilize  the
"just-in-time"  approach for their personnel needs, thereby converting a portion
of their fixed personnel costs to a variable expense.

         Contract  staffing  refers to the  Company's  responsibilities  for the
placement of employees  for a period of more than three months or an  indefinite
period. This type of arrangement often involves outsourcing an entire department
in a large corporation or providing the workforce for a large project.

         In an on-site  management  arrangement,  Barrett  places an experienced
manager on site at a customer's  place of business.  The manager is  responsible
for conducting all  recruiting,  screening,  interviewing,  testing,  hiring and
employee  placement  functions  at the  customer's  facility  for a long-term or
indefinite period.

         The Company's  staffing services  customers operate in a broad range of
businesses,   including   forest  products  and   agriculture-based   companies,
electronic   manufacturers,   transportation   and  shipping   companies,   food
processors,  professional  firms and  construction  contractors.  Such customers
range in size from small local firms to companies with international operations,
which use Barrett's services on a domestic basis. None of the Company's staffing
services  customers  individually  accounted  for more than 4% of its total 2004
revenues.

         In 2004, the light industrial sector generated approximately 82% of the
Company's staffing services revenues,  while clerical office staff accounted for
14% of such  revenues and  technical  personnel  represented  the balance of 4%.
Light industrial workers in the Company's employ perform such tasks as operation
of machinery, manufacturing,  loading and shipping, site preparation for special
events,  construction-site cleanup and janitorial services.  Technical personnel
include electronic parts assembly workers and designers of electronic parts.

         Barrett emphasizes prompt,  personalized  service in assigning quality,
trained,  drug-free  personnel at  competitive  rates to its  staffing  services
customers.  The Company uses internally developed computer databases of employee
skills and  availability  at each of its branches to match  customer  needs with
available  qualified  employees.  The Company  emphasizes the  development of an
understanding  of the  unique  requirements  of  its  clientele  by its  account
managers.  Customers are offered a "money-back"  guarantee if dissatisfied  with
staffing employees placed by Barrett.

         The Company utilizes a variety of methods to recruit its work force for
staffing  services,  including  among others,  referrals by existing  employees,
newspaper  advertising  and  marketing  brochures  distributed  at colleges  and
vocational  schools.  The employee  application  process  includes an interview,
skills  assessment  test,  reference   verification  and  drug  screening.   The
recruiting of qualified  employees  requires more effort when unemployment rates
are  low.  In   mid-2000,   the  Company   implemented   a  new,   comprehensive
pre-employment   screening   test  to  further   ensure  that   applicants   are
appropriately qualified for employment.

         Barrett's  staffing services employees are not under its direct control
while  working  at a  customer's  business.  Barrett  has  not  experienced  any
significant  liability due to claims arising out of negligent acts or misconduct
by its staffing services employees.  The possibility exists,  however, of claims
being asserted against the Company which may exceed the Company's


                                      -5-

<PAGE>


liability insurance coverage,  with a resulting negative effect on the Company's
financial condition.

         PEO Services. Many businesses, particularly those with a limited number
of employees,  find personnel  administration  requirements to be unduly complex
and time  consuming.  These  businesses  often  cannot  justify the expense of a
full-time human resource staff. In addition,  the escalating costs of health and
workers'  compensation  insurance in recent  years,  coupled with the  increased
complexity  of laws and  regulations  affecting  the  workplace,  have created a
compelling  opportunity  for small to mid-sized  businesses  to outsource  these
managerial  burdens.  The outsourcing of non-core  business  functions,  such as
human resource administration, enables small enterprises to devote their limited
resources to their core competencies.

         In a PEO services arrangement, Barrett enters into a contract to become
a  co-employer  of the client  company's  existing  workforce.  Pursuant to this
contract,  Barrett assumes  responsibility for some or all of the human resource
management  responsibilities,  including  payroll  and payroll  taxes,  employee
benefits,  health insurance,  workers' compensation  coverage,  workplace safety
programs, compliance with federal and state employment laws, labor and workplace
regulatory requirements and related administrative responsibilities. Barrett has
the  right to hire  and fire its PEO  employees,  although  the  client  company
remains responsible for day-to-day assignments, supervision and training and, in
most cases, recruiting.

         The Company began offering PEO services to Oregon customers in 1990 and
subsequently  expanded these  services to other states.  The Company has entered
into  co-employer  arrangements  with  a  wide  variety  of  clients,  including
companies  involved in moving and shipping,  professional  firms,  construction,
retail,  manufacturing  and distribution  businesses.  PEO clients are typically
small to mid-sized businesses with up to several hundred employees.  None of the
Company's  PEO  clients  individually  accounted  for more  than 4% of its total
annual revenues during 2004.

         Prior to entering into a co-employer arrangement,  the Company performs
an analysis of the potential client's actual personnel and workers' compensation
costs based on  information  provided by the customer.  Barrett  introduces  its
workplace safety program and recommends improvements in procedures and equipment
following a safety  inspection of the customer's  facilities which the potential
client must agree to implement as part of the co-employer  arrangement.  Barrett
also  offers  financial  incentives  to PEO  clients  to  maintain  a  safe-work
environment.

         The Company's standard PEO services agreement provides for services for
an indefinite  term,  until notice of termination is given by either party.  The
agreement  permits  cancellation by either party upon 30 days written notice. In
addition,  the Company may  terminate  the  agreement at any time for  specified
reasons,  including  nonpayment or failure to follow Barrett's  workplace safety
program.

         The form of agreement also provides for  indemnification of the Company
by the client  against losses arising out of any default by the client under the
agreement,  including failure to comply with any employment-related,  health and
safety or  immigration  laws or  regulations.  The Company also requires the PEO
client to maintain comprehensive  liability coverage in the amount of $1 million
for acts of its  work-site  employees.  In  addition,  the  Company  has  excess
liability  insurance  coverage.  Although no claims exceeding such policy limits
have been paid by the Company to date,  the  possibility  exists that claims for
amounts in excess of sums available to the Company  through  indemnification  or
insurance  may be  asserted  in the future,  which  could  adversely  affect the
Company's profitability.


                                      -6-

<PAGE>


Sales and Marketing
         The Company's marketing efforts are principally focused on branch-level
development of local business  relationships.  On a regional and national level,
efforts are made to expand and align the Company's services to fulfill the needs
of local  customers  with  multiple  locations,  which may include using on-site
Barrett  personnel  and the  opening of  additional  offices  to better  serve a
customer's broader geographic needs.

Billing
         Through  centralized   operations  at  the  Company's  headquarters  in
Portland, Oregon, the Company prepares invoices weekly for its staffing services
customers and following the end of each payroll  period for PEO clients.  Health
insurance premiums are passed through to PEO clients. Payment terms for most PEO
clients are due on the invoice date.

Self-Insured Workers' Compensation Program
         A principal service provided by Barrett to its customers,  particularly
its PEO clients, is workers'  compensation  coverage. As the employer of record,
Barrett is responsible for complying with applicable statutory  requirements for
workers' compensation  coverage.  The Company's workplace safety services,  also
described  under "Overview of Services," are closely tied to its approach to the
management of workers' compensation risk.

         Elements of Workers'  Compensation  System. State law (and, for certain
types of employees,  federal law) generally  mandates that an employer reimburse
its  employees  for the costs of medical care and other  specified  benefits for
injuries or illnesses, including catastrophic injuries and fatalities,  incurred
in the  course  and  scope of  employment.  The  benefits  payable  for  various
categories  of  claims  are  determined  by state  regulation  and vary with the
severity  and nature of the injury or illness and other  specified  factors.  In
return for this  guaranteed  protection,  workers'  compensation is an exclusive
remedy and  employees are  generally  precluded  from seeking other damages from
their employer for workplace injuries. Most states require employers to maintain
workers'    compensation    insurance   or   otherwise   demonstrate   financial
responsibility to meet workers' compensation  obligations to employees.  In many
states,  employers  who  meet  certain  financial  and  other  requirements  are
permitted to self-insure.

         Self  Insurance  for Workers'  Compensation.  In August  1987,  Barrett
became a self-insured employer for workers' compensation coverage in Oregon. The
Company  subsequently   obtained   self-insured  employer  status  for  workers'
compensation  in four  additional  states,  Maryland,  Washington,  Delaware and
California.  Regulations governing  self-insured  employers in each jurisdiction
typically  require  the  employer  to maintain  surety  deposits  of  government
securities,  letters of credit or other financial  instruments to cover workers'
claims in the event the employer is unable to pay for such claims.

         To manage its financial  exposure  from the  incidence of  catastrophic
injuries and fatalities,  the Company  maintains  excess  workers'  compensation
insurance pursuant to an annual policy with a major insurance  company.  Through
December 31, 2000, such excess  insurance  included a self-insured  retention or
deductible of $350,000.  For calendar 2001, the Company's self-insured retention
was  $400,000.   Beginning  January  1,  2002,  the  Company's  excess  workers'
compensation insurance policy provided coverage for single occurrences exceeding
$750,000 with statutory  limits.  Effective  January 1, 2004, the per occurrence
retention  increased  to $1 million and the policy  limit was  increased  to $25
million.  The  higher per  occurrence  retention  may result in higher  workers'
compensation  costs to the Company with a  corresponding  negative effect on its
operating results.

         Claims Management.  As a self-insured  employer, the Company's workers'
compensation expense is tied directly to the incidence and severity of workplace
injuries to its  employees.  Barrett seeks to contain its workers'  compensation
costs through an aggressive

                                       -7-


<PAGE>


approach to claims management.  The Company uses managed-care  systems to reduce
medical  costs  and keeps  time-loss  costs to a minimum  by  assigning  injured
workers,  whenever  possible,  to short-term  assignments  which accommodate the
workers'  physical  limitations.  The Company  believes  that these  assignments
minimize both time actually lost from work and covered time-loss costs.  Barrett
has also  engaged  third-party  administrators  ("TPAs")  to provide  additional
claims management  expertise.  Typical management  procedures include performing
thorough and prompt on-site investigations of claims filed by employees, working
with  physicians to encourage  efficient  medical  management of cases,  denying
questionable  claims and attempting to negotiate early  settlements to eliminate
future case  development  and costs.  Barrett  also  maintains a  corporate-wide
pre-employment drug screening program and a mandatory post-injury drug test. The
program  is  believed  to have  resulted  in a  reduction  in the  frequency  of
fraudulent  claims and in accidents in which the use of illegal drugs appears to
have been a contributing factor.

         Elements  of  Self-Insurance  Costs.  The  costs  associated  with  the
Company's  self-insured  workers' compensation program include case reserves for
reported claims, an additional  expense provision for potential future increases
in the cost of open injury claims (known as "adverse loss  development") and for
claims incurred in prior periods but not reported (referred to as "IBNR"),  fees
payable  to the  Company's  TPAs,  additional  claims  administration  expenses,
administrative   fees  payable  to  state  and  federal  workers'   compensation
regulatory  agencies,  premiums for excess workers'  compensation  insurance and
legal fees.  Although not directly related to the size of the Company's payroll,
the number of claims and  correlative  loss payments may be expected to increase
with  growth  in the total  number  of  employees.  The  state  assessments  are
typically  based on payroll  amounts  and,  to a limited  extent,  the amount of
permanent  disability awards during the previous year. Excess insurance premiums
are also based in part on the size and risk profile of the Company's payroll and
loss experience.

Workers' Compensation Claims Experience and Reserves
         The  Company  recognizes  its  liability  for the  ultimate  payment of
incurred claims and claims  adjustment  expenses by accruing  liabilities  which
represent  estimates  of future  amounts  necessary  to pay claims  and  related
expenses  with  respect  to  covered  events  that have  occurred.  When a claim
involving a probable  loss is reported,  the  Company's  TPA  establishes a case
reserve for the  estimated  amount of ultimate  loss.  The estimate  reflects an
informed  judgment  based  on  established  case  reserving  practices  and  the
experience  and knowledge of the TPA regarding the nature and expected  value of
the claim,  as well as the  estimated  expense of settling the claim,  including
legal and other fees and expenses of administering  claims. The adequacy of such
case reserves depends on the  professional  judgment of each TPA to properly and
comprehensively evaluate the economic consequences of each claim.  Additionally,
on an aggregate basis, the Company has established an additional expense reserve
for both future  adverse loss  development in excess of initial case reserves on
open claims and for claims  incurred but not  reported,  referred to as the IBNR
reserve.

         As part of the case reserving process,  historical data is reviewed and
consideration is given to the anticipated  effect of various factors,  including
known and anticipated  legal  developments,  inflation and economic  conditions.
Reserve amounts are necessarily  based on management's  estimates,  and as other
data  becomes  available,  these  estimates  are  revised,  which may  result in
increases  or  decreases  in  existing  case  reserves.  Barrett  has  engaged a
nationally-recognized,  independent  actuary to review  annually  the  Company's
total workers'  compensation claims liability and reserving practices.  Based in
part  on  such  review,   the  Company   believes  its  total  accrued  workers'
compensation  claims  liabilities  at December 31,  2004,  are  adequate.  It is
possible,  however,  that the  Company's  actual  future  workers'  compensation
obligations  may  exceed  the  amount  of  its  accrued   liabilities,   with  a
corresponding  negative  effect  on  future  earnings,  due to such  factors  as
unanticipated  adverse loss development of known claims, and the effect, if any,
of claims incurred but not reported. Refer to Part II, Item 7, under the heading
"Critical Accounting Policies".

                                      -8-

<PAGE>


         Failure to  successfully  manage the severity and frequency of workers'
compensation injuries results in increased workers' compensation expense and has
a negative effect, which may be substantial,  on the Company's operating results
and financial  condition.  Management  maintains clear guidelines for its branch
office  managers,  account  managers,  and risk  managers  directly  tying their
continued  employment with the Company to their diligence in  understanding  and
addressing  the risks of accident or injury  associated  with the  industries in
which client companies  operate and in monitoring the compliance by clients with
workplace safety requirements.  The Company has a policy of "zero tolerance" for
avoidable  workplace  injuries.  Each of the  Company's  risk  managers  has the
authority to cancel any customer at any time based upon their  assessment of the
customer's safe-work practices and/or philosophies.

Management Information Systems
         The  Company   performs   all   functions   associated   with   payroll
administration  through its internal management  information system. Each branch
office  performs  payroll data entry  functions  and  maintains  an  independent
database of employees and customers,  as well as payroll and invoicing  records.
All processing functions are centralized at Barrett's corporate  headquarters in
Portland, Oregon.

Employees and Employee Benefits
         At December 31, 2004, the Company had  approximately  22,830 employees,
including approximately 7,100 staffing services employees,  approximately 15,500
PEO  employees  and  approximately  230  managerial,  sales  and  administrative
employees.  The number of employees at any given time may vary significantly due
to  business   conditions  at  customer  or  client   companies.   During  2004,
approximately  3% of  the  Company's  employees  were  covered  by a  collective
bargaining  agreement.  Each of Barrett's  managerial,  sales and administrative
employees has entered into a standard form of employment  agreement which, among
other  provisions,  contains  covenants  not to engage in certain  activities in
competition with the Company for 18 months  following  termination of employment
and to maintain the confidentiality of certain proprietary information.  Barrett
believes its employee relations are good.

         Benefits offered to Barrett's staffing services employees include group
health  insurance,  a Section 125 cafeteria plan which permits  employees to use
pretax earnings to fund various  services,  including health insurance  premiums
and  childcare  expenses,  and a savings plan (the "401(k)  plan") under Section
401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") pursuant to which employees may
begin making  contributions  upon reaching 21 years of age and completing  1,000
hours of service in any consecutive  12-month period.  The Company may also make
contributions  to the savings plan,  which vest over seven years and are subject
to certain  legal  limits,  at the sole  discretion  of the  Company's  Board of
Directors. Employees subject to a co-employer arrangement may participate in the
Company's benefit plans at the election of the co-employer.  See "Regulatory and
Legislative Issues--Employee Benefit Plans."

Regulatory and Legislative Issues
         Business Operations. The Company is subject to the laws and regulations
of the  jurisdictions  within  which  it  operates,  including  those  governing
self-insured  employers under the workers'  compensation  systems in Washington,
Oregon,  California,  Maryland  and  Delaware.  An Oregon PEO  company,  such as
Barrett, is required to be licensed as a worker-leasing  company by the Workers'
Compensation  Division  of  the  Oregon  Department  of  Consumer  and  Business
Services.  Temporary  staffing  companies are  expressly  exempt from the Oregon
licensing  requirement.  Oregon PEO  companies  are also required to ensure that
each PEO client provides  adequate training and supervision for its employees to
comply with  statutory  requirements  for  workplace  safety and to give 30 days
written  notice in the  event of a  termination  of its  obligation  to  provide
workers'  compensation coverage for PEO employees and other subject employees of
a  PEO  client.   Although  compliance  with  these  requirements

                                      -9-

<PAGE>


imposes some additional financial risk on Barrett,  particularly with respect to
those  clients  who  breach  their  payment  obligation  to  the  Company,  such
compliance  has not had a significant  adverse  impact on Barrett's  business to
date.

         Employee  Benefit  Plans.  The  Company's  operations  are  affected by
numerous federal and state laws relating to labor,  tax and employment  matters.
By entering into a co-employer  relationship  with employees who are assigned to
work at client locations (sometimes referred to as "work-site  employees"),  the
Company assumes certain  obligations and  responsibilities  of an employer under
these federal and state laws.  Because many of these federal and state laws were
enacted prior to the  development of  nontraditional  employment  relationships,
such  as   professional   employer,   temporary   employment,   and  outsourcing
arrangements, many of these laws do not specifically address the obligations and
responsibilities  of nontraditional  employers.  In addition,  the definition of
"employer" under these laws is not uniform.

         As an  employer,  the  Company is subject to all federal  statutes  and
regulations governing its employer-employee relationships. Subject to the issues
discussed  below,  the Company believes that its operations are in compliance in
all material respects with applicable federal statutes and regulations.

         The Company  offers  various  qualified  employee  benefit plans to its
employees,  including  its work-site  employees.  These  employee  benefit plans
include the 401(k) plan, a cafeteria plan under Section 125 of the Code, a group
health plan, a group life insurance plan and a group disability  insurance plan.
Generally,  qualified  employee  benefit plans are subject to provisions of both
the Code and the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").  In
order to qualify for  favorable tax treatment  under the Code,  qualified  plans
must be established  and maintained by an employer for the exclusive  benefit of
its  employees.  See Part II, Item 7 of this report for a  discussion  of issues
regarding  qualification of the Company's  employee benefit plans arising out of
participation by the Company's PEO employees.

Competition
         The staffing  services and PEO businesses are  characterized by intense
competition.  The staffing  services market  includes  competitors of all sizes,
including several, such as Manpower,  Inc., Kelly Services, Inc. and RemedyTemp,
Inc.,  that are  national  in scope and have  substantially  greater  financial,
marketing  and  other  resources  than the  Company.  In  addition  to  national
companies,  Barrett  competes  with  numerous  regional and local firms for both
customers and  employees.  There are  relatively  few barriers to entry into the
staffing services business.  The principal  competitive  factors in the staffing
services  industry  are price,  the  ability to provide  qualified  workers in a
timely manner and the monitoring of job performance.  The Company attributes its
internal  growth in staffing  services  revenues to the  cost-efficiency  of its
operations which permits the Company to price its services competitively, and to
its ability  through its branch  office  network to  understand  and satisfy the
needs of its customers with competent personnel.

         Although  there are believed to be at least several  hundred  companies
currently offering PEO services in the U.S., many of these potential competitors
are located in states in which the Company  presently  does not operate.  During
2004,  approximately  88% and 11% of the Company's PEO service fee revenues were
earned in California and Oregon, respectively.

         The Company may face  additional PEO competition in the future from new
entrants to the field,  including  other staffing  services  companies,  payroll
processing  companies  and  insurance  companies.  Certain PEO  companies  which
periodically compete with Barrett in the same markets have greater financial and
marketing resources than the Company, such as


                                      -10-

<PAGE>


Administaff,  Inc., Gevity HR, Inc. and Paychex, Inc., among others. Competition
in the PEO industry is based largely on price,  although service and quality can
also provide  competitive  advantages.  Barrett believes that its past growth in
PEO service fee  revenues is  attributable  to its ability to provide  small and
mid-sized  companies with the  opportunity  to reduce its workers'  compensation
costs and to provide  enhanced  benefits to their employees while reducing their
overall personnel  administration costs. The Company's competitive advantage may
be adversely affected by a substantial  increase in the costs of maintaining its
self-insured  workers'  compensation  program,  or  changes  in  the  regulatory
environment,  particularly in California. A general market decrease in the level
of workers'  compensation  insurance  premiums may also decrease  demand for PEO
services.


Item 2.  PROPERTIES

         The Company  provides  staffing and PEO services  through all 30 of its
branch  offices.  The following table shows the number of branch offices located
in each state in which the Company operates. The Company's California and Oregon
offices accounted for 51% and 21%, respectively,  of its total revenues in 2004.
The Company  also leases  office  space in other  locations  in its market areas
which it uses to recruit and place employees.

                      Number of
                       Branch
      State            Offices
------------------   -----------

Arizona                  1
California              12
Idaho                    1
Oregon                   8
Washington               4
Maryland                 2
Delaware                 1
North Carolina           1

         Barrett  leases office space for its corporate and branch  offices.  At
December 31, 2004,  such leases had expiration  dates ranging from less than one
year to nine years,  with total minimum  payments  through 2012 of approximately
$5,106,000.


Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         There were no material legal proceedings pending against the Company at
December 31, 2004, or during the period  beginning  with that date through March
29, 2005.


Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No  matters  were  submitted  to a vote of the  Company's  stockholders
during the fourth quarter of 2004.

                                      -11-


<PAGE>


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         The following table identifies, as of February 28, 2005, each executive
officer of the Company. Executive officers are elected annually and serve at the
discretion of the Board of Directors.

                                                                         Officer
Name                  Age Principal Positions and Business Experience     Since
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

William W. Sherertz   59  President; Chief Executive Officer; Director      1980


Michael D. Mulholland 53  Vice President-Finance and Secretary; Chief       1994
                          Financial Officer

Gregory R. Vaughn     49  Vice President                                    1998

James D. Miller       41  Controller and Assistant Secretary; Principal     1994
                          Accounting Officer

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         William W. Sherertz has acted as Chief Executive Officer of the Company
since  1980.  He has also been a director of the  Company  since  1980,  and was
appointed  President of the Company in March 1993.  Mr.  Sherertz also serves as
Chairman of the Board of Directors.

         Michael  D.  Mulholland  joined  the  Company  in  August  1994 as Vice
President-Finance and Secretary.  From 1988 to 1994, Mr. Mulholland was employed
by Sprouse-Reitz Stores Inc. ("Sprouse"), a former Nasdaq-listed retail company,
serving as its Executive Vice President,  Chief Financial Officer and Secretary.
Prior  to  Sprouse,   Mr.  Mulholland  held  senior  management  positions  with
Lamb-Weston, Inc., a food processing company, from 1985 to 1988, and Keil, Inc.,
a regional retail company, from 1978 to 1985. Mr. Mulholland, a certified public
accountant on inactive status, was also employed by Touche Ross & Co., now known
as Deloitte & Touche LLP.

         Gregory  R.  Vaughn  joined  the  Company  in July  1997 as  Operations
Manager.  Mr. Vaughn was  appointed  Vice  President in January  1998.  Prior to
joining  Barrett,  Mr. Vaughn was Chief Executive  Officer of Insource  America,
Inc., a  privately-held  human  resource  management  company  headquartered  in
Portland,  Oregon,  since  1996.  Mr.  Vaughn  has also held  senior  management
positions  with Sundial Time  Systems,  Inc.  from 1995 to 1996 and  Continental
Information Systems, Inc. from 1990 to 1994. Previously, Mr. Vaughn was employed
as  a   technology   consultant   by  Price   Waterhouse   LLP,   now  known  as
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

         James D. Miller joined the Company in January 1994 as Controller.  From
1991 to 1994,  he was the Corporate  Accounting  Manager for  Christensen  Motor
Yacht Corporation. Mr. Miller, a certified public accountant on inactive status,
was employed by Price Waterhouse LLP, now known as  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP,
from 1987 to 1991.





                                      -12-

<PAGE>


                                     PART II


Item 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS,
         AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

         The Company's  common stock (the "Common  Stock")  trades on The Nasdaq
Stock Market's National Market(TM) tier under the symbol "BBSI." At February 28,
2005,  there were 57  stockholders  of record and  approximately  780 beneficial
owners of the  Common  Stock.  The  Company  has not  declared  or paid any cash
dividends  since the closing of its initial  public  offering of Common Stock on
June  18,  1993,  and  has no  present  plan to pay any  cash  dividends  in the
foreseeable  future.  The following table presents the high and low sales prices
of the Common Stock for each quarterly  period during the last two fiscal years,
as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market:


                                  High         Low
                                -------     -------
2003
   First Quarter                $  3.75     $  2.31
   Second Quarter                  3.65        2.64
   Third Quarter                   7.41        3.00
   Fourth Quarter                 15.13        7.00

2004
   First Quarter                $ 17.76     $ 11.49
   Second Quarter                 15.21       12.26
   Third Quarter                  17.69       12.99
   Fourth Quarter                 16.50       13.25


         The Company did not  purchase any shares of its Common Stock during the
fourth  quarter  of 2004.  Please  refer to the  discussion  under  the  heading
"Liquidity  and Capital  Resources"  under Item 7  Management's  Discussion  and
Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations of this report, for a
discussion of the Company's stock repurchase program.




                                      -13-


<PAGE>


Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following  selected  financial  data should be read in  conjunction
with the Company's  financial  statements and the  accompanying  notes listed in
Item 15 of this Report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                2004       2003      2002       2001      2000
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
                                                       (In thousands, except per share data)
Statement of operations:
<S>                                           <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>
   Revenues:
     Staffing services                        $123,514   $ 93,544  $ 96,750   $123,110  $188,500
     Professional employer service fees         71,447     29,177    12,558     16,281    22,128
                                               -------   --------  --------   --------  --------
      Total                                    194,961    122,721   109,308    139,391   210,628
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
   Cost of revenues:
     Direct payroll costs                       91,190     69,099    71,515     90,750   139,177
     Payroll taxes and benefits                 45,544     22,916    14,062     17,635    27,007
     Workers' compensation                      21,557      9,709     8,766     12,971    12,639
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
      Total                                    158,291    101,724    94,343    121,356   178,823
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
   Gross margin                                 36,670     20,997    14,965     18,035    31,805
   Selling, general and administrative
     expenses                                   23,844     16,810    16,008     18,737    24,583
   Depreciation and amortization                 1,008      1,058     1,162      3,277     3,192
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
   Income (loss) from operations                11,818      3,129    (2,205)    (3,979)    4,030
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
   Other (expense) income:
     Interest expense                             (101)      (268)     (278)      (359)     (830)
     Interest income                               343         82       217        297       341
     Other, net                                    190         32        21         45         6
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
      Total                                        432       (154)      (40)       (17)     (483)
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
   Income (loss) before income taxes            12,250      2,975    (2,245)    (3,996)    3,547
   Provision for (benefit from) income taxes     4,879        890      (892)    (1,574)    1,446
                                              --------   --------  --------   --------  --------
      Net income (loss)                       $  7,371   $  2,085  $ (1,353)  $ (2,422) $  2,101
                                              ========   ========  ========   ========  ========
   Basic earnings (loss) per share            $   1.29   $    .36  $   (.23)  $   (.39) $    .29
                                              ========   ========  ========   ========  ========
   Weighted average number of basic
     shares outstanding                          5,725      5,690     5,804      6,193     7,237
                                              ========   ========  ========   ========  ========
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share          $   1.19   $    .35  $   (.23)  $   (.39) $    .29
                                              ========   ========  ========   ========  ========
   Weighted average number of diluted
     shares  outstanding                         6,193      5,876     5,804      6,193     7,277
                                              ========   ========  ========   ========  ========

Selected balance sheet data:
   Cash                                       $ 12,153   $  7,785  $     96   $  1,142  $    516
   Working capital                              17,151      8,470     2,235      2,658     3,731
   Total assets                                 79,985     58,834    50,825     52,787    61,062
   Long-term debt, net of current portion        1,441        400       488        922     2,283
   Stockholders' equity                         38,753     30,634    28,785     30,534    34,917


</TABLE>





                                      -14-

<PAGE>


Item 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

Overview
         The Company's  revenues  consist of staffing  services and professional
employer  organization  ("PEO")  service fees.  Staffing  services  revenues are
derived from services performed for short-term  staffing,  contract staffing and
on-site   management.   PEO  service  fees  refer   exclusively  to  co-employer
contractual  agreements with PEO clients.  The Company's  revenues from staffing
services  represent  all  amounts  invoiced  to  customers  for direct  payroll,
employer payroll related taxes, workers' compensation coverage and a service fee
(equivalent to a mark-up percentage). PEO service fee revenues are recognized in
accordance with EITF 99-19,  "Reporting Revenues Gross as a Principal Versus Net
as an Agent." As such,  the Company's PEO service fee revenues  include  amounts
invoiced  to  PEO  customers  for  employer  payroll  related  taxes,   workers'
compensation  coverage  and a  gross  profit.  Thus,  amounts  invoiced  to  PEO
customers  for salaries,  wages,  health  insurance  and employee  out-of-pocket
expenses  incurred  incidental to  employment  are excluded from PEO service fee
revenues and cost of revenues.

         The Company's Oregon and California offices accounted for approximately
72% of its  total net  revenues  in 2004.  Consequently,  weakness  in  economic
conditions  in  these  regions  could  have a  material  adverse  effect  on the
Company's financial results.

         Safety incentives  represent cash incentives paid to certain PEO client
companies for  maintaining  safe-work  practices in order to minimize  workplace
injuries.  The incentive is based on a percentage of annual  payroll and is paid
annually to customers who meet predetermined  workers'  compensation claims cost
objectives.  Safety  incentive  payments  are made  only  after  closure  of all
workers' compensation claims incurred during the customer's contract period. The
safety  incentive  expense  is netted  against  PEO  revenues  on the  Company's
Statements of Operations.

         The Company's cost of revenues is comprised of direct payroll costs for
staffing  services,  employer  payroll  related taxes and employee  benefits and
workers'  compensation.  Direct payroll costs represent the gross payroll earned
by staffing  services  employees based on salary or hourly wages.  Payroll taxes
and employee  benefits consist of the employer's  portion of Social Security and
Medicare  taxes,  federal  unemployment  taxes,  state  unemployment  taxes  and
staffing  services  employee  reimbursements  for materials,  supplies and other
expenses, which are paid by the customer. Workers' compensation expense consists
primarily  of the costs  associated  with the  Company's  self-insured  workers'
compensation program, such as claims reserves, claims administration fees, legal
fees,  state and federal  administrative  agency fees and reinsurance  costs for
catastrophic injuries. The Company also maintains separate workers' compensation
insurance  policies  for  employees  working in states  where the Company is not
self-insured.

         The  largest  portion of workers'  compensation  expense is the cost of
workplace  injury claims.  When an injury occurs and is reported to the Company,
the Company's respective  independent  third-party claims administrator  ("TPA")
analyzes  the details of the injury and  develops a case  reserve,  which is the
TPA's  estimate  of the cost of the  claim  based on  similar  injuries  and its
professional  judgment.  The Company then records,  or accrues, an expense and a
corresponding  liability based upon the TPA's estimates for claims reserves.  As
cash payments are made by the Company's TPA against specific case reserves,  the
accrued liability is reduced by the corresponding  payment amount.  The TPA also
reviews  existing  injury  claims  on an  on-going  basis and  adjusts  the case
reserves as new or additional information for each claim becomes available.  The
Company has established  additional reserves to provide for future unanticipated
increases in expenses ("adverse loss development") of the claims reserves

                                      -15-

<PAGE>


for open injury claims and for claims incurred but not reported related to prior
and current periods. Management believes that the Company's operational policies
and internal claims  reporting system help to limit the occurrence of unreported
incurred claims.

         Selling,  general and  administrative  ("SG&A") expenses represent both
branch office and corporate-level  operating expenses. Branch operating expenses
consist  primarily of branch office staff payroll and personnel  related  costs,
advertising,   rent,   office   supplies,   depreciation  and  branch  incentive
compensation.  Corporate-level operating expenses consist primarily of executive
and office staff payroll and personnel  related  costs,  professional  and legal
fees,  travel,  depreciation,  occupancy  costs,  information  systems costs and
executive and corporate staff incentive bonuses.

         Amortization  of  intangible  assets  consists of the  amortization  of
software  costs,  and  covenants not to compete,  which are amortized  using the
straight-line  method over their estimated useful lives, which range from two to
10 years.

Critical Accounting Policies
         The Company has  identified  the following  policies as critical to the
Company's  business and the  understanding  of its results of operations.  For a
detailed  discussion of the application of these and other accounting  policies,
see Note 1 in the Notes to the Financial  Statements included in Item 15 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Note that the  preparation of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K requires  management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  at the  date  of the  financial
statements,  and the  reported  amounts  of  revenue  and  expenses  during  the
reporting period. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on
various  other  assumptions  that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the
circumstances,  the results of which form the basis for making  judgments  about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources.  Actual results may differ from these  estimates  under different
assumptions or conditions.

         Self-insured   workers'   compensation   reserves.   The   Company   is
self-insured  for workers'  compensation  coverage in a majority of its employee
work sites.  Accruals for workers'  compensation expense are made based upon the
Company's  claims  experience  and an  annual  independent  actuarial  analysis,
utilizing  Company  experience,  as well as claim  cost  development  trends and
current workers' compensation industry loss information.  As such, a majority of
the Company's  recorded expense for workers'  compensation is management's  best
estimate.  Management  believes that the amount accrued is adequate to cover all
known and unreported claims at December 31, 2004.  However,  if the actual costs
of such  claims and related  expenses  exceed the amount  estimated,  additional
reserves  may be  required,  which  could  have a  material  negative  effect on
operating results.

         Allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company must make estimates of the
collectibility  of accounts  receivables.  Management  analyzes  historical  bad
debts,  customer  concentrations,  customer  creditworthiness,  current economic
trends and changes in the  customers'  payment  tendencies  when  evaluating the
adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.  If the financial  condition of
the Company's customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their
ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.

         Intangible assets and goodwill. The Company assesses the recoverability
of  intangible  assets and goodwill  annually and whenever  events or changes in
circumstances  indicate that the carrying value might be impaired.  Factors that
are  considered  include  significant   underperformance  relative  to  expected
historical or projected future operating results,  significant negative industry
trends and significant change in the manner of use of the acquired


                                      -16-

<PAGE>


assets.  Management's  current  assessment  of the carrying  value of intangible
assets and goodwill  indicates  there is no  impairment.  If these  estimates or
their related  assumptions  change in the future, the Company may be required to
record impairment charges for these assets.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements
         For  a  discussion  of  recent  accounting   pronouncements  and  their
potential effect on the Company's results of operations and financial condition,
refer to Note 1 in the Notes to the Financial  Statements beginning at page F-11
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Forward-Looking Information
         Statements  in this  Item or in Item 1 of  this  report  which  are not
historical  in  nature,  including  discussion  of  economic  conditions  in the
Company's  market  areas and effect on revenue  growth,  the  potential  for and
effect of past and future  acquisitions,  the effect of changes in the Company's
mix of  services  on  gross  margin,  the  adequacy  of the  Company's  workers'
compensation reserves and allowance for doubtful accounts,  the effectiveness of
the Company's management  information systems, and the availability of financing
and  working   capital  to  meet  the  Company's   funding   requirements,   are
forward-looking   statements  within  the  meaning  of  the  Private  Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and
unknown  risks,  uncertainties  and other  factors  that may  cause  the  actual
results, performance or achievements of the Company or industry to be materially
different  from any future  results,  performance or  achievements  expressed or
implied by such  forward-looking  statements.  Such  factors with respect to the
Company include difficulties associated with integrating acquired businesses and
clients into the Company's operations,  economic trends in the Company's service
areas,  material  deviations from expected future workers'  compensation  claims
experience,  collectibility  of  accounts  receivable,  the  carrying  values of
deferred income tax assets and goodwill,  which may be affected by the Company's
future  operating  results,  the  availability  of  capital or letters of credit
necessary to meet state-mandated surety deposit requirements for maintaining the
Company's status as a qualified  self-insured employer for workers' compensation
coverage, and the availability of and costs associated with potential sources of
financing. The Company disclaims any obligation to update any such factors or to
publicly  announce  the result of any  revisions  to any of the  forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.

Results of Operations
         The  following  table  sets  forth the  percentages  of total  revenues
represented by selected items in the Company's  Statements of Operations for the
years  ended  December  31,  2004,  2003 and 2002,  included  in Item 15 of this
report.  References to the Notes to Financial  Statements appearing below are to
the notes to the  Company's  financial  statements  included  in Item 15 of this
Report.



                                      -17-

<PAGE>

                                                Percentage of Total Net Revenues
                                                --------------------------------
                                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                                  ----------------------------
                                                  2004        2003       2002
                                                  -----       -----      -----
   Revenues:
     Staffing services                             63.4 %      76.2 %     88.5 %
     Professional employer service fees            36.6        23.8       11.5
                                                  -----       -----      -----
      Total                                       100.0       100.0      100.0
                                                  -----       -----      -----
   Cost of revenues:
     Direct payroll costs                          46.8        56.3       65.4
     Payroll taxes and benefits                    23.4        18.7       12.9
     Workers' compensation                         11.0         7.9        8.0
                                                  -----       -----      -----
      Total                                        81.2        82.9       86.3
                                                  -----       -----      -----
   Gross margin                                    18.8        17.1       13.7
   Selling, general and administrative expenses    12.2        13.7       14.6
   Depreciation and amortization                    0.5         0.9        1.1
                                                  -----       -----      -----
   Income (loss) from operations                    6.1         2.5       (2.0)
   Other (expense) income                           0.2        (0.1)         -
                                                  -----       -----      -----
   Pretax income (loss)                             6.3         2.4       (2.0)
   Provision for (benefit from) income taxes        2.5         0.7       (0.8)
                                                  -----       -----      -----
      Net income (loss)                             3.8 %       1.7 %     (1.2)%
                                                  =====       =====      =====


         The Company changed its reporting of PEO revenues from a gross basis to
a  net  basis  in  2002  because  it  was  determined  in  accordance  with  the
requirements of EITF 99-19,  "Reporting Revenues Gross as a Principal Versus Net
as an Agent",  that the  Company was not the  primary  obligor for the  services
provided by employees pursuant to its PEO contracts. The gross revenues and cost
of  revenues  information  below,  although  not in  accordance  with  generally
accepted accounting  principles  ("GAAP"),  is presented for comparison purposes
and because  management  believes such information is more informative as to the
level of the Company's business activity and useful in managing its operations.


                                      Year Ended
(in thousands)                        December 31,
                                  -------------------
                                   2004       2003
                                  --------   --------
Revenues:
   Staffing services              $123,514   $ 93,544
   Professional employer services  419,010    173,134
                                  --------   --------

     Total revenues                542,524    266,678
                                  --------   --------

Cost of revenues:
   Direct payroll costs            434,034    211,102
   Payroll taxes and benefits       45,544     22,916
   Workers' compensation            26,276     11,663
                                  --------   --------

     Total cost of revenues        505,854    245,681
                                  --------   --------

Gross margin                      $ 36,670   $ 20,997
                                  ========   ========



                                      -18-

<PAGE>


         A  reconciliation  of non-GAAP  gross  revenues  to net  revenues is as
follows for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             Gross Revenue                                  Net Revenue
                            Reporting Method      Reclassification        Reporting Method
                           ------------------   ---------------------   -------------------
                             2004      2003       2004         2003       2004       2003
                           --------  --------   ---------   ---------   --------   --------
Revenues:
<S>                        <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
   Staffing services       $123,514  $ 93,544   $      --   $      --   $123,514   $ 93,544
   Professional employer
     services               419,010   173,134    (347,563)   (143,957)    71,447     29,177
                           -------- ---------   ---------   ---------   --------   --------
     Total revenues        $542,524  $266,678   $(347,563)  $(143,957)  $194,961   $122,721
                           ========  ========   =========   =========   ========   ========

Cost of revenues:          $505,854  $245,681   $(347,563)  $(143,957)  $158,291   $101,724
                           ========  ========   =========   =========   ========   ========

</TABLE>


Years Ended December 31, 2004 and 2003

         Net income for the year ended  December  31,  2004 was  $7,371,000,  an
improvement  of  $5,286,000  over the net  income of  $2,085,000  for 2003.  The
improvement in the net income was primarily  attributable to higher gross margin
dollars  as a result of  significant  growth in  professional  employer  ("PEO")
services  business,  offset  in part by an  increase  in  selling,  general  and
administrative  ("SG&A") expenses to support the increase in business  activity.
Basic income per share for 2004 was $1.29 and diluted  income per share for 2004
was $1.19 as compared  to basic and  diluted  income per share of $.36 and $.35,
respectively,  for 2003. The Company's  improved  operating  results continue to
reflect,  in part, the competitive  advantage of offering a broad array of human
resource  management  services  through its PEO  arrangements.  This competitive
advantage  has  enabled  the  Company to  significantly  increase  its  business
opportunities  in  California.  The  Company  expects  this  favorable  trend to
continue into the foreseeable future, particularly in California.

         Revenues for 2004 totaled  $194,961,000,  an increase of  approximately
$72,240,000 or 58.9% over 2003 revenues of  $122,721,000.  The increase in total
revenues  was due  primarily  to the  significant  growth in the  Company's  PEO
service fee revenue in California, combined with an increase in staffing service
revenue.

         PEO service fee revenue increased $42,270,000 or 144.9%, while staffing
services revenue increased  $29,970,000 or 32.0%,  which resulted in an increase
in the share of PEO service fee revenue to 36.6% of total  revenues for 2004, as
compared to 23.8% for 2003. The increase in PEO service fee revenue for 2004 was
primarily due to increased demand for the Company's broad array of competitively
priced human resource  management  services that satisfy  customers'  needs. The
increase  in  staffing  services  revenue  for  2004  was  primarily  due to the
Company's  acquisition of Skills Resource  Training Center ("SRTC"),  a staffing
services  company with nine offices in Central  Washington,  Eastern  Oregon and
Southern  Idaho,  effective  January 1, 2004.  Operations of SRTC  accounted for
approximately  $25,560,000 or 85.3% of the increase.  Management  expects demand
for the Company's  staffing  services will continue to reflect overall  economic
conditions  in its  market  areas.  The  share  of  staffing  services  revenues
decreased to 63.4% of total revenues for 2004, as compared to 76.2% for 2003.

         Gross  margin  for  2004  totaled  $36,670,000,  which  represented  an
increase of $15,673,000  or 74.6% over 2003. The gross margin percent  increased
from 17.1% of  revenues  for 2003 to 18.8% for 2004.  The  increase in the gross
margin  percentage  was due to lower  direct  payroll  costs,  offset in part by
higher payroll taxes and benefit costs and higher workers'


                                      -19-

<PAGE>


compensation  costs,  as a percentage  of net  revenues.  The decrease in direct
payroll  costs as a percentage  of net revenues from 56.3% for 2003 to 46.8% for
2004  primarily  reflects the shift in relative mix of services to the Company's
customer base from staffing to PEO services and to the effect of each customer's
unique  mark-up  percent.  The  increase  in  payroll  taxes and  benefits  as a
percentage  of net revenues  from 18.7% for 2003 to 23.4% for 2004 was primarily
attributable to higher statutory state  unemployment tax rates in various states
in which the Company operates, as well as to the effect of significant growth in
PEO services. Workers' compensation expense for 2004 totaled $21,557,000,  which
compares to $9,709,000 for 2003. The increase in workers'  compensation  expense
was generally due to increased  business  activity,  particularly  in California
where  injury  claims are more costly as  compared to other  states in which the
Company operates,  as well as to an increased provision for the future estimated
costs of existing claims.  The Company expects gross margin,  as a percentage of
net revenues,  to continue to be influenced by  fluctuations  in the mix between
staffing and PEO  services,  including the mix within the staffing  segment,  as
well as the adequacy of its  estimates  for workers'  compensation  liabilities,
which may be negatively  affected by  unanticipated  adverse loss development of
claims reserves.

         In connection  with the Company's  self-insured  workers'  compensation
program, the Company has maintained an excess workers' compensation policy which
limits the financial  effect of costly  workers'  compensation  claims.  For the
calendar  year  2002,  such  policies  included  a  self-insured   retention  or
deductible  of  $750,000  per  occurrence.   Effective   January  1,  2004,  the
self-insured  retention or deductible increased to $1,000,000 per occurrence and
remained as such for the January 1, 2005  renewal with the premium cost per $100
of payroll  also  remaining  unchanged.  Management  believes  that the  Company
obtained the most favorable terms and conditions  available given current market
conditions.

         SG&A expenses  consist of compensation  and other expenses  incident to
the  operation  of the  Company's  headquarters  and the branch  offices and the
marketing of its services.  SG&A expenses for 2004 amounted to  $23,844,000,  an
increase  of  $7,034,000  or 41.8%  over 2003.  SG&A  expenses,  expressed  as a
percentage of net revenues,  declined from 13.7% for 2003 to 12.2% for 2004. The
increase  in total  SG&A  dollars  was  primarily  due to  increases  in  branch
management  personnel  and  related  expenses  as a result of the  growth in the
Company's PEO business and, to a lesser extent,  the  incremental  SG&A expenses
associated with the SRTC acquisition.

         Depreciation  and  amortization  totaled  $1,008,000  for  2004,  which
compares to $1,058,000 for 2003. The depreciation and amortization expense level
remained  comparable to 2003 amounts due to the  Company's  current low level of
capital expenditures.

         The Company's effective income tax rate for 2004 was 39.8%, as compared
to 29.9% for 2003. The higher 2004 effective rate was primarily  attributable to
a higher  federal  tax rate as a  result  of  higher  taxable  income,  a higher
weighted-average  state tax rate due to increased taxable income in the state of
California  and a lower  relative  effect of tax credits  due to higher  taxable
income.

         At December 31, 2004, the Company had net deferred income tax assets of
$4,682,000 primarily reflecting temporary differences between taxable income for
financial  accounting  and tax  purposes,  which will reduce  taxable  income in
future years. Pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles,  the Company
is  required  to assess the  realization  of the  deferred  income tax assets as
significant  changes in  circumstances  may require  adjustments  during  future
periods.  Although realization is not assured,  management has concluded that it
is more likely than not that the remaining  net deferred  income tax assets will
be realized,  principally  based upon projected  taxable income for the next two
years. The amount of the net deferred income tax assets actually  realized could
vary, if there are


                                      -20-

<PAGE>


differences  in the timing or amount of future  reversals  of existing  deferred
income tax assets or changes in the actual  amounts of future  taxable income as
compared  to  operating  forecasts.  If  the  Company's  operating  forecast  is
determined  to no longer be reliable due to  uncertain  market  conditions,  the
Company's  long-term  forecast  may require  reassessment.  As a result,  in the
future,  a valuation  allowance may be required to be  established  for all or a
portion of the net deferred income tax assets.  Such a valuation allowance could
have a significant  effect on the  Company's  future  results of operations  and
financial position.

         The Company  offers  various  qualified  employee  benefit plans to its
employees,  including its PEO employees.  These qualified employee benefit plans
include a savings plan (the "401(k)  plan") under Section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code (the  "Code"),  a cafeteria  plan under  Section 125 of the Code, a
group health plan, a group life  insurance plan and group  disability  insurance
plan.  Generally,  qualified employee benefit plans are subject to provisions of
both the Code and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").
In order to qualify for favorable tax treatment under the Code,  qualified plans
must be established  and maintained by an employer for the exclusive  benefit of
its employees.

         After several years of study,  on April 24, 2002, the Internal  Revenue
Service ("IRS") issued Revenue  Procedure 2002-21 ("Rev Proc") to provide relief
with respect to certain defined  contribution  retirement  plans maintained by a
PEO that benefit worksite  employees.  The Rev Proc outlines the steps necessary
for a PEO to avoid plan  disqualification  for violating  the exclusive  benefit
rule.  Essentially,  a PEO must either (1) terminate  the plan;  (2) convert its
plan to a "multiple  employer  plan" by December 31,  2003;  or (3) transfer the
plan assets and liabilities to a customer plan.  Effective December 1, 2002, the
Company converted its 401(k) plan to a "multiple employer plan".


Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

         Net income for the year ended  December  31,  2003 was  $2,085,000,  an
improvement  of  $3,438,000  over  the net  loss of  $1,353,000  for  2002.  The
improvement in the net income was primarily  attributable to higher gross margin
dollars,  primarily  due to a 12.3%  increase in revenues,  offset in part by an
increase in SG&A  expenses to support the increase in business  activity.  Basic
income  per share for 2003 was $.36 and  diluted  income  per share for 2003 was
$.35 as compared to basic and diluted loss per share of $.23 for 2002.

         Revenues for 2003 totaled  $122,721,000,  an increase of  approximately
$13,413,000 or 12.3% over 2002 revenues of  $109,308,000.  The increase in total
revenues  was due  primarily  to the  significant  growth in the  Company's  PEO
service  fee  revenue  in  California,  partially  offset by a small  decline in
staffing service revenue.

         PEO service fee revenue increased $16,619,000 or 132.3%, while staffing
services revenue decreased  $3,206,000 or 3.3%, which resulted in an increase in
the share of PEO  service fee revenue to 23.8% of total  revenues  for 2003,  as
compared to 11.5% for 2002. The increase in PEO service fee revenue for 2003 was
primarily  due  to  strong  growth  in  California   attributable   to  business
opportunities  available to the Company as a qualified self-insured employer for
workers'  compensation coverage resulting from the adverse market conditions for
workers' compensation  insurance in the state. The decrease in staffing services
revenue for 2003 was  primarily  attributable  to weak demand for the  Company's
services in the  majority of areas in which the Company does  business  owing to
general weak economic conditions.  The share of staffing services revenues had a
corresponding decrease from 88.5% of total revenues for 2002 to 76.2% for 2003.


                                      -21-

<PAGE>


         Gross  margin  for  2003  totaled  $20,997,000,  which  represented  an
increase of $6,032,000 or 40.3% over 2002.  The gross margin  percent  increased
from 13.7% of  revenues  for 2002 to 17.1% for 2003.  The  increase in the gross
margin   percentage   was  due  to  lower  direct  payroll  costs  and  workers'
compensation costs, offset in part by higher payroll taxes and benefit costs, as
a  percentage  of net  revenues.  The  decrease  in  direct  payroll  costs as a
percentage  of net  revenues  from  65.4% for 2002 to 56.3%  for 2003  primarily
reflects the shift in relative mix of services to the  Company's  customer  base
and to the effect of each customer's  mark-up percent.  The decrease in workers'
compensation  costs, as a percentage of net revenues,  from 8.0% of revenues for
2002 to 7.9% for 2003, was principally due to a lessening of the increase in the
adverse  development of estimated future costs of workers'  compensation  claims
primarily concentrated in the Company's California  operations.  The increase in
payroll  taxes and benefits as a percentage  of net revenues from 12.9% for 2002
to 18.7% for 2003 was primarily  attributable to higher state  unemployment  tax
rates in various states in which the Company operates,  as well as to the effect
of significant growth in PEO services.

         SG&A expenses for 2003 amounted to $16,810,000, an increase of $802,000
or 5.0% over 2002.  SG&A  expenses,  expressed as a percentage  of net revenues,
declined  from  14.6% for 2002 to 13.7% for 2003.  The  increase  in total  SG&A
dollars was  primarily  due to  increases  in branch  management  personnel  and
related expenses as a result of the growth in the Company's PEO business.

         Depreciation  and  amortization  totaled  $1,058,000  for  2003,  which
compares to $1,162,000 for 2002. The depreciation and amortization expense level
remained  comparable to 2002 amounts due to the  Company's  current low level of
capital expenditures.


Fluctuations in Quarterly Operating Results
         The Company has historically  experienced  significant  fluctuations in
its quarterly operating results and expects such fluctuations to continue in the
future. The Company's operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors
such as  seasonality,  wage  limits on  payroll  taxes,  claims  experience  for
workers' compensation, demand and competition for the Company's services and the
effect of acquisitions.  The Company's  revenue levels fluctuate from quarter to
quarter  primarily  due to the impact of  seasonality  on its staffing  services
business  and on  certain  of its PEO  clients  in the  agriculture  and  forest
products-related  industries. As a result, the Company may have greater revenues
and net income in the third and fourth  quarters  of its  fiscal  year.  Payroll
taxes and benefits fluctuate with the level of direct payroll costs, but tend to
represent a smaller  percentage  of  revenues  and direct  payroll  later in the
Company's   fiscal  year  as  federal  and  state   statutory  wage  limits  for
unemployment and social security taxes are exceeded by some employees.  Workers'
compensation  expense  varies with both the  frequency and severity of workplace
injury claims reported  during a quarter and the estimated  future costs of such
claims.  In addition,  adverse loss  development of prior period claims during a
subsequent  quarter  may also  contribute  to the  volatility  in the  Company's
estimated workers' compensation expense.


Liquidity and Capital Resources
         The  Company's  cash  position  at  December  31,  2004 of  $12,153,000
increased  $4,368,000  over December 31, 2003.  The increase in cash at December
31,  2004 was  primarily  generated  from net  income and  increases  in accrued
payroll,   payroll  taxes  and  related   benefits  and  increases  in  workers'
compensation claim liabilities and safety incentives liabilities, offset in part
by excess cash used to purchase marketable  securities for investment  purposes,
cash  used  for the  acquisition  of SRTC  and an  increase  in  trade  accounts
receivable.

                                      -22-

<PAGE>


         Net  cash  provided  by  operating  activities  for  2004  amounted  to
$12,684,000,  as  compared  to net cash  provided  by  operating  activities  of
$7,176,000  for 2003.  For 2004,  net cash provided by operating  activities was
primarily  attributable  to net income of $7,371,000  together with increases in
accrued  payroll and related  benefits of  $3,546,000  and increases in workers'
compensation  claims  liabilities  and safety  incentives  liabilities  totaling
$7,669,000,  offset  in part by an  increase  of  $5,373,000  in trade  accounts
receivable.  For 2003,  net cash provided by operating  activities was primarily
attributable to net income of $2,085,000,  a $1,923,000 decrease in income taxes
receivable as a result of the receipt of the 2002 federal  income tax refund and
an increase in accrued  payroll and related  benefits of  $8,984,000,  offset in
part by a net decrease of workers'  compensation  claims of $1,478,000,  coupled
with an increase of $7,124,000 in trade accounts receivable.

         Net cash used in investing  activities  totaled $9,970,000 for 2004, as
compared to net cash provided by investing  activities  of $4,695,000  for 2003.
For 2004, the principal uses of cash for investing  activities were purchases of
marketable securities for investment purposes of $4,957,000,  the acquisition of
SRTC and related costs totaling $3,044,000, purchases of equipment of $1,914,000
and $2,397,000 of net purchases of restricted marketable  securities,  offset in
part  by  net  proceeds  totaling   $2,342,000  from  maturities  of  restricted
marketable  securities.   The  transactions  related  to  restricted  marketable
securities  were  scheduled  maturities  and  the  related  replacement  of such
securities held for workers' compensation surety deposit purposes. For 2003, the
principal source of cash provided by investing activities was from $2,338,000 of
proceeds  from the sale  and  leaseback  of two  office  buildings  and from net
proceeds totaling $9,914,000 from maturities and sales of marketable securities,
offset in part by  $7,226,000 of net  purchases of  marketable  securities.  The
Company   presently   has  no  material   long-term   commitments   for  capital
expenditures, nor does it anticipate any in the foreseeable future.

         Net  cash  provided  by  financing  activities  for  2004  amounted  to
$1,654,000,  which  compares  to  net  cash  used  in  financing  activities  of
$4,182,000  in 2003.  For  2004,  the  principal  source  of cash for  financing
activities  was  $1,475,000 of debt  incurred in  connection  with the Company's
purchase of an aircraft for use in management's  travel to California to oversee
its business.  For 2003, the principal use of cash for financing  activities was
for  $3,513,000  of net payments made on the  Company's  revolving  credit line,
common stock repurchases  totaling  $446,000 pursuant to its repurchase  program
and scheduled payments on long-term debt of $433,000.

         The  Company   entered  into  a  new  Credit   Agreement  (the  "Credit
Agreement") with its principal bank on March 23, 2004, to be effective March 31,
2004. The Credit  Agreement  provides for a revolving  credit  facility of up to
$6.0 million,  which includes a subfeature  under the line of credit for standby
letters of credit for not more than $4.0 million. The interest rate on advances,
if any, will be, at the Company's discretion, either (i) equal to the prime rate
or (ii) LIBOR plus 1.50%. The Credit Agreement expires July 1, 2005.

         The  revolving  credit  facility  is  collateralized  by the  Company's
assets,  including,  without  limitation,  its accounts  receivable,  equipment,
intellectual property and bank deposits,  and may be prepaid at any time without
penalty.  Pursuant to the Credit Agreement,  the Company is required to maintain
compliance with the following financial covenants:  (1) a Current Ratio not less
than 1.10 to 1.0 with "Current Ratio" defined as total current assets divided by
total  current  liabilities;  (2)  Tangible  Net Worth not less than $8 million,
determined at each fiscal  quarter end, with "Tangible Net Worth" defined as the
aggregate  of  total  stockholders'  equity  plus  subordinated  debt  less  any
intangible  assets;  (3) Total  Liabilities  divided by  Tangible  Net Worth not
greater than 5.00 to 1.0,  determined  at each fiscal  quarter end,  with "Total
Liabilities"  defined as the aggregate of current  liabilities  and  non-current
liabilities,  less subordinated debt and the deferred gain on the Company's sale
and leaseback


                                      -23-

<PAGE>


transaction,  and with "Tangible Net Worth" as defined above; and (4) Net income
after taxes not less than $1.00 on an annual basis, determined as of each fiscal
year  end,  and  pre-tax  profit  not  less  than  $1.00 on a  quarterly  basis,
determined as of each fiscal quarter end.

         The  Company  had letters of credit  outstanding  at December  31, 2004
totaling approximately $2.5 million primarily in connection with various deposit
requirements for its self-insured workers' compensation programs. As of December
31, 2004, the Company had  approximately  $3.5 million  available under its $6.0
million credit facility and was in compliance with all loan covenants.

         Management expects that current liquid assets, the funds anticipated to
be generated from  operations,  and credit  available under the Credit Agreement
and other potential sources of financing, will be sufficient in the aggregate to
fund the Company's working capital needs for the foreseeable future.

         During  1999,  the  Company's  Board of  Directors  authorized  a stock
repurchase  program to repurchase common shares from time to time in open market
purchases.  Since inception, the Board of Directors has approved seven increases
in the total number of shares or dollars  authorized to be repurchased under the
program.  The stock repurchase  program had $443,000 of remaining  authorization
for the repurchase of additional  shares at December 31, 2004.  During 2004, the
Company made no repurchases of shares.  Management  anticipates that the capital
necessary to complete  this program  would be provided by existing cash balances
and other available resources.

Contractual Obligations
         The  Company's  contractual   obligations  as  of  December  31,  2004,
including long-term debt,  commitments for future payments under  non-cancelable
lease  arrangements  and  long-term  workers'  compensation   liabilities,   are
summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          Payments Due by Period
                                              --------------------------------------------
   (in thousands)                                     Less than   1 - 3     4 - 5    After
                                               Total    1 year    years     years   5 years
                                              -------   ------   ------    ------   ------

<S>                                           <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>
   Long-term debt                             $ 1,789   $  348   $  644    $  296   $  501
   Operating leases                             5,106    1,812    2,268       456      570
   Long-term workers' compensation claims
     liabilities for catastrophic injuries        600       24       85        67      424
   Long-term workers' compensation
     liabilities for insured claims             4,371      213      639       426    3,093
                                              -------   ------   ------    ------   ------
   Total contractual cash obligations         $11,866   $2,397   $3,636    $1,245   $4,588
                                              =======   ======   ======    ======   ======
</TABLE>

Inflation
         Inflation  generally has not been a significant factor in the Company's
operations  during the  periods  discussed  above.  The  Company  has taken into
account  the  impact  of  escalating  medical  and other  costs in  establishing
reserves for future expenses for self-insured workers' compensation claims.


                                      -24-

<PAGE>


Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         The  Company's  exposure to market  risk for changes in interest  rates
primarily relates to the Company's short-term and long-term debt obligations. As
of December 31,  2004,  the Company had  interest-bearing  debt  obligations  of
approximately $1.8 million,  of which  approximately $1.4 million bears interest
at a variable rate and  approximately  $0.4 million at a fixed rate of interest.
The variable rate debt is comprised of a $1.475  million note payable,  of which
approximately  $1.4 million remained  outstanding as of December 31, 2004 with a
10-year term, which bears interest at the three-month  LIBOR rate plus 240 basis
points. Based on the Company's overall interest exposure at December 31, 2004, a
100 basis  point  increase  in market  interest  rates would not have a material
effect on the fair  value of the  Company's  long-term  debt or its  results  of
operations.  As of December  31,  2004,  the  Company  had not entered  into any
interest rate instruments to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk.


Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The financial  statements and notes thereto required by this item begin
on page F-1 of this report, as listed in Item 15.


Item 9.  CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.


Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         The Company's disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
that  information  the Company must  disclose in its reports  filed or submitted
under the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange  Act"), is
recorded,  processed,  summarized, and reported on a timely basis. The Company's
management has evaluated,  with the  participation  and under the supervision of
our chief executive  officer ("CEO") and chief financial  officer  ("CFO"),  the
effectiveness  of our  disclosure  controls and  procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered
by this report.  Based on this evaluation,  our CEO and CFO have concluded that,
as of such date, the Company's  disclosure controls and procedures are effective
in ensuring that information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in
reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,  summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and
is communicated to our management,  including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

         No change in the Company's  internal  control over financial  reporting
occurred  during our last fiscal  quarter that has  materially  affected,  or is
reasonably  likely to materially  affect,  the Company's  internal  control over
financial reporting.


                                      -25-

<PAGE>


Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

         On March 4, 2005,  following  approval  by members of the  Compensation
Committee of the  Company's  Board of  Directors,  cash bonuses were paid to the
Company's  executive  officers for 2004  pursuant to the  Company's  annual cash
incentive bonus award program as follows:  William W. Sherertz, $59,236; Michael
D. Mulholland,  $48,410; and Gregory R. Vaughn, $40,444. Bonuses were calculated
by  multiplying  the  officer's  actual salary paid during 2004 by the Company's
return on equity for 2004 before factoring in the bonus payments.

                                    PART III

Item 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Information required by this Item 10 concerning directors and executive
officers of the Company  appears  under the heading  "Executive  Officers of the
Registrant"  on page 12 of this  report or is  incorporated  into this report by
reference  to the  Company's  definitive  Proxy  Statement  for its 2005  Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days of the Company's fiscal year
end of December 31, 2004 (the "Proxy  Statement"),  in which additional required
information  is included  under the  headings  "Election of  Directors,"  "Stock
Ownership by Principal  Stockholders  and  Management--Section  16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance," and "Code of Ethics."

Audit Committee
         The  Company  has  a  separately-designated  standing  audit  committee
established in accordance with Section  3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act known as
the Audit and  Compliance  Committee.  The  members of the Audit and  Compliance
Committee are Thomas J. Carley, chairman, and James B. Hicks, Ph.D., and Anthony
Meeker,  each of whom is  independent  as that  term is used in  Nasdaq  listing
standards applicable to the Company.

Audit Committee Financial Expert
         The Company's  Board of Directors has determined that Thomas J. Carley,
an audit committee member, qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as
defined  by  Item  401(h)  of  Regulation  S-K  under  the  Exchange  Act and is
independent  as that term is used in Item  7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the
Exchange Act.


Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         Information  required by this Item 11 concerning executive and director
compensation  is  incorporated  into  this  report  by  reference  to the  Proxy
Statement,  in which  required  information  is set  forth  under  the  headings
"Executive  Compensation" and "Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors
- Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation."


Item 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT  AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         Information  required by this Item 12 concerning the security ownership
of certain  beneficial owners and management is incorporated into this report by
reference to the Proxy  Statement,  in which  required  information is set forth
under the heading "Stock  Ownership of Principal  Stockholders  and Management -
Beneficial  Ownership  Table" and "Executive  Compensation  - Additional  Equity
Compensation Plan Information."


                                      -26-

<PAGE>


Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         Information  required by this Item 13 concerning certain  relationships
and related  transactions is  incorporated  into this report by reference to the
Proxy Statement,  in which required  information is set forth under the headings
"Meetings  and  Committees  of the Board of Directors -  Compensation  Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Transactions with Management."


Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

         Information  required  by this  Item  14  concerning  fees  paid to our
accountants  is  incorporated  into  this  report  by  reference  to  the  Proxy
Statement, in which required information is set forth under the heading "Matters
Relating to Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm."








                                      -27-

<PAGE>


                                     PART IV

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

Financial Statements and Schedules
The   Financial    Statements,    together   with   the   report    thereon   of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, are included on the pages indicated below:

                                                                            Page
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                   F-1

   Balance Sheets - December 31, 2004 and 2003                               F-2

   Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003      F-3
     and 2002

   Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31,
     2004, 2003 and 2002                                                     F-4

   Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003      F-5
     and 2002

   Notes to Financial Statements                                             F-6

No schedules are required to be filed herewith.

Exhibits
Exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index that follows the signature page of this
report.


                                      -28-

<PAGE>



             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Barrett Business Services, Inc.


In our opinion,  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets and the related
consolidated  statements  of  operations,  stockholders'  equity  and cash flows
present  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the financial  position of Barrett
Business  Services,  Inc. and its subsidiary  (the Company) at December 31, 2004
and 2003,  and the results of their  operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period  ended  December  31,  2004,  in  conformity  with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  These
financial  statements are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audits.  We conducted our audits of these  statements in accordance with the
standards of the Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board (United  States).
Those standards  require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance   about  whether  the  financial   statements  are  free  of  material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements,   assessing  the
accounting  principles  used and significant  estimates made by management,  and
evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.



/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Portland, Oregon
March 9, 2005


                                      F-1

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31, 2004 and 2003
(In Thousands, Except Par Value)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               2004      2003
                                                                             -------   -------
 ASSETS
<S>                                                                          <C>        <C>
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                 $12,153    $7,785
   Marketable securities                                                       4,630        --
   Trade accounts receivable, net                                             23,840    18,481
   Prepaid expenses and other                                                  1,364       958
   Deferred income taxes                                                       4,100     2,196
   Workers' compensation receivables for insured claims                          213       393
                                                                             -------   -------
     Total current assets                                                     46,300    29,813

Goodwill, net                                                                 22,516    18,749
Intangibles, net                                                                  25        13
Property and equipment, net                                                    4,301     3,367
Restricted marketable securities and workers' compensation deposits            1,702     1,647
Deferred income taxes                                                            582     1,041
Other assets                                                                     401       436
Workers' compensation receivables for insured claims                           4,158     3,768
                                                                             -------   -------

                                                                             $79,985   $58,834
                                                                             =======   =======

            LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Current portion of long-term debt                                         $   348   $    88
   Accounts payable                                                              994       727
   Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits                        17,427    13,881
   Workers' compensation claims liabilities                                    4,946     3,886
   Workers' compensation claims liabilities for insured claims                   213       393
   Safety incentives liability                                                 4,807     2,007
   Other accrued liabilities                                                     414       361
                                                                             -------   -------

     Total current liabilities                                                29,149    21,343

Long-term debt, net of current portion                                         1,441       400
Customer deposits                                                                608       455
Long-term workers' compensation claims liabilities                             4,840     1,031
Long-term workers' compensation claims liabilities for insured claims          4,158     3,768
Other long-term liabilities                                                       --        45
Deferred gain on sale and leaseback                                            1,036     1,158

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 11 and 17)

Stockholders' equity:
   Common stock, $.01 par value; 20,500 shares authorized, 5,741 and 5,701
     shares issued and outstanding                                                63        62
   Additional paid-in capital                                                  3,897     2,903
   Employee loan                                                                  --      (107)
   Other comprehensive loss                                                     (354)       --
   Retained earnings                                                          35,147    27,776
                                                                             -------   -------

                                                                              38,753    30,634
                                                                             -------   -------

                                                                             $79,985   $58,834
                                                                             =======   =======
</TABLE>



   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-2
<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2004       2003       2002
                                                       --------   --------   --------
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenues:
   Staffing services                                   $123,514   $ 93,544   $ 96,750
   Professional employer service fees                    71,447     29,177     12,558
                                                       --------   --------   --------

                                                        194,961    122,721    109,308
                                                       --------   --------   --------

Cost of revenues:
   Direct payroll costs                                  91,190     69,099     71,515
   Payroll taxes and benefits                            45,544     22,916     14,062
   Workers' compensation                                 21,557      9,709      8,766
                                                       --------   --------   --------

                                                        158,291    101,724     94,343
                                                       --------   --------   --------

     Gross margin                                        36,670     20,997     14,965

Selling, general and administrative expenses             23,844     16,810     16,008
Depreciation and amortization                             1,008      1,058      1,162
                                                       --------   --------   --------

     Income (loss) from operations                       11,818      3,129     (2,205)
                                                       --------   --------   --------

Other income (expense):
   Interest expense                                        (101)      (268)      (278)
   Interest income                                          343         82        217
   Other, net                                               190         32         21
                                                       --------   --------   --------

                                                            432       (154)       (40)
                                                       --------   --------   --------

     Income (loss) before income taxes                   12,250      2,975     (2,245)

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes                 4,879        890       (892)
                                                       --------   --------   --------

     Net income (loss)                                 $  7,371   $  2,085   $ (1,353)
                                                       ========   ========   ========
Basic earnings (loss) per share                        $   1.29   $    .36   $   (.23)
                                                       ========   ========   ========
Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding       5,725      5,690      5,804
                                                       ========   ========   ========
Diluted earnings (loss) per share                      $   1.19   $    .35   $   (.23)
                                                       ========   ========   ========
Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding     6,193      5,876      5,804
                                                       ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>



   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                      F-3

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                        Common Stock   Additional               Other
                                      ---------------   Paid-in    Employee Comprehensive Retained
                                      Shares   Amount   Capital      Loan        Loss     Earnings   Total
                                      ------   ------   -------     -----       -----     --------   -------

<S>               <C> <C>              <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>          <C>         <C>       <C>
Balance, December 31, 2001             5,847   $   58   $ 3,461  $   (29)     $   --      $27,044   $30,534

Common stock issued on
   exercise of options                     5       --        14       --          --           --        14
Repurchase of common stock              (101)      (1)     (385)      --          --           --      (386)
Payment to shareholder                    --       --       (28)      --          --           --       (28)
Purchase of option rights                 --       --       (31)      --          --           --       (31)
Reclassification of accrued stock
   option compensation to equity          --       --       113       --          --           --       113
Employee loan                             --       --        --      (78)         --           --       (78)
Net loss                                  --       --        --       --          --       (1,353)   (1,353)
                                       -----     ----    ------    -----        ----      -------   -------

Balance, December 31, 2002             5,751       57     3,144     (107)         --       25,691    28,785

Common stock issued on
   exercise of options                    63        6        67       --          --           --        73
Repurchase of common stock              (113)      (1)     (445)      --          --           --      (446)
Tax benefit of stock option
   exercises                              --       --       137       --          --           --       137
Net income                                --       --        --       --          --        2,085     2,085
                                       -----     ----    ------    -----        ----      -------   -------

Balance, December 31, 2003             5,701       62     2,903     (107)         --       27,776    30,634

Common stock issued for
   acquisition                                              778                                         778
Common stock issued on
   exercise of options                    48        1       165       --          --           --       166
Repayment of employee loan                (8)      --      (136)     107          --           --       (29)
Tax benefit of stock option
   exercises                              --       --       187       --          --           --       187
Unrealized holding losses on
   marketable securities, net of tax      --       --        --       --        (354)          --      (354)
Net income                                --       --        --       --          --        7,371     7,371
                                       -----     ----    ------    -----        ----      -------   -------

Balance, December 31, 2004             5,741     $ 63    $3,897    $  --       $(354)     $35,147   $38,753
                                       =====     ====    ======    =====       =====      =======   =======
</TABLE>


  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                      F-4

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             2004     2003     2002
                                                                            -------  -------  -------
<S>                                                                         <C>      <C>      <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income (loss)                                                        $ 7,371  $ 2,085  $(1,353)
   Reconciliations of net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in)
     operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization                                            1,008    1,058    1,162
     Gains recognized on marketable securities                                 (158)     (49)     (24)
     Purchase of marketable securities                                         (139)      --       --
     Proceeds from sales of marketable securities                               104       --       --
     Gain recognized on sale and leaseback                                     (122)     (61)      --
     Deferred income taxes                                                   (1,279)     319    1,553
     Changes in certain assets and liabilities, net of amounts purchased
       in acquisitions:
        Trade accounts receivable, net                                       (5,373)  (7,124)   2,403
        Income taxes receivable                                                  --    1,923   (1,923)
        Prepaid expenses and other                                             (406)      82      (18)
        Accounts payable                                                        267     (107)     148
        Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and related benefits                   3,546    8,984     (155)
        Other accrued liabilities                                                53       56      (84)
        Workers' compensation claims liabilities                              4,869   (1,478)  (2,475)
        Safety incentives liability                                           2,800    1,601       26
        Customer deposits and other assets, net                                 188      639        5
        Other long-term liabilities                                             (45)    (752)    (171)
                                                                            -------  -------  -------

     Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                     12,684    7,176     (906)
                                                                            -------  -------  -------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Proceeds from sale and leaseback of buildings                                 --    2,338       --
   Cash paid for acquisition, including other direct costs                   (3,044)      --       --
   Purchase of marketable securities                                         (4,957)      --       --
   Purchase of equipment, net of amounts purchased in aquisitions            (1,914)    (331)    (175)
   Proceeds from maturities of restricted marketable securities               2,342    7,642    3,472
   Proceeds from sales of restricted marketable securities                       --    2,272      807
   Purchase of restricted marketable securities                              (2,397)  (7,226)  (3,116)
                                                                            -------  -------  -------

     Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                     (9,970)   4,695      988
                                                                            -------  -------  -------

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of debt                                             1,475       --       --
   Proceeds from credit-line borrowings                                         148   46,042   48,629
   Payments on credit-line borrowings                                          (148) (49,555) (48,540)
   Payments on long-term debt                                                  (174)    (433)    (708)
   Payment to shareholder                                                        --       --      (28)
   Purchase of option rights                                                     --       --      (31)
   Loan to employee                                                              --       --      (78)
   Repurchase of common stock                                                    --     (446)    (386)
   Proceeds from the exercise of stock options                                  166       73       14
   Tax benefit of stock option exercises                                        187      137       --
                                                                            ------- -------- --------

     Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                      1,654   (4,182)  (1,128)
                                                                            ------- -------- --------

     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                     4,368    7,689   (1,046)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                  7,785       96    1,142
                                                                            -------  -------  -------

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                      $12,153  $ 7,785  $    96
                                                                            =======  =======  =======

Supplemental schedule of noncash investing activities: Acquisition of other
   businesses:
     Cost of acquisition in excess of fair market value of net assets
      acquired                                                              $ 3,807  $    --  $    --
     Tangible assets acquired                                                    15       --       --
     Less stock issued in connection with acquisition                          (778)      --       --
                                                                            -------  -------  -------
      Net cash paid for acquisition                                         $ 3,044  $    --  $    --
                                                                            =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>


   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                       F-5

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1. Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies

   Nature of operations
   Barrett  Business  Services,  Inc.  ("Barrett" or the "Company"),  a Maryland
   corporation,  is engaged in providing both staffing and professional employer
   services  to a  diversified  group of  customers  through a network of branch
   offices  throughout  Washington,   Oregon,  California,   Arizona,  Maryland,
   Delaware and North Carolina. Approximately 72%, 78% and 74%, respectively, of
   the Company's  revenues during 2004,  2003 and 2002 were  attributable to its
   Oregon and California operations.

   During May 2004, the Company formed a wholly-owned  subsidiary which acquired
   an  aircraft.  The  subsidiary  incurred  debt of  $1,475,000  to finance the
   purchase of the aircraft.  The consolidated  financial statements include the
   accounts of the subsidiary,  after  elimination of intercompany  accounts and
   transactions.

   Revenue recognition
   The Company  recognizes  revenue as services are  rendered by its  workforce.
   Staffing  services are engaged by customers to meet  short-term and long-term
   personnel needs.  Professional employer services ("PEO") are normally used by
   organizations  to  satisfy  ongoing  human  resource   management  needs  and
   typically  involve  contracts  with a  minimum  term of one  year,  renewable
   annually, which cover all employees at a particular work site.

   The Company's  cost of revenues for staffing  services is comprised of direct
   payroll  costs,  employer  payroll  related  taxes and employee  benefits and
   workers'  compensation.  The  Company's  cost of  revenues  for PEO  services
   includes  employer  payroll related taxes and workers'  compensation.  Direct
   payroll  costs  represent  the  gross  payroll  earned by  staffing  services
   employees  based on salary  or  hourly  wages.  Payroll  taxes  and  employee
   benefits  consist of the employer's  portion of Social  Security and Medicare
   taxes,  federal  unemploy-ment  taxes,  state unemployment taxes and staffing
   services employee reimbursements for materials,  supplies and other expenses,
   which  are  paid  by  the  customer.  Workers'  compensation  costs  consists
   primarily of the costs  associated with the Company's  self-insured  workers'
   compensation  program,  such as claims reserves,  claims administration fees,
   legal fees,  state and  federal  administrative  agency fees and  reinsurance
   costs for catastrophic injuries. The Company also maintains separate workers'
   compensation  insurance  policies for  employees  working in states where the
   Company is not self-insured. Safety incentives represent cash incentives paid
   to certain PEO client companies for maintaining  safe-work practices in order
   to minimize  workplace  injuries.  The  incentive is based on a percentage of
   annual  payroll and is paid  annually  to  customers  who meet  predetermined
   workers' compensation claims cost objectives.

   Cash and cash equivalents
   The Company considers non-restricted short-term investments, which are highly
   liquid,  readily  convertible into cash, and have original maturities of less
   than three months,  to be cash  equivalents for purposes of the statements of
   cash flows.

                                      F-6

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)


1. Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

   Marketable securities
   At December  31, 2004,  marketable  securities  consisted of  publicly-traded
   corporate   stocks  and  bonds.   The  Company   determines  the  appropriate
   classification  pursuant to Statement of  Financial  Accounting  Standard No.
   ("SFAS")  115,  "Accounting  for  Certain  Investments  in  Debt  and  Equity
   Securities," of its marketable  securities as trading,  available-for-sale or
   held-to-maturity at the time of purchase and re-evaluates such classification
   as  of  each  balance  sheet  date.  At  December  31,  2004,  the  Company's
   investments  in  marketable   securities   were  classified  as  trading  and
   available-for-sale,  and as a result, were reported at fair value. Unrealized
   gains  and  losses  for  trading  securities  are  reported  in other  income
   (expense) in the Company's consolidated statements of operations.  Unrealized
   gains  and  losses  for  available-for-sale  securities  are  reported  as  a
   component  of other  comprehensive  income  (loss) in  stockholders'  equity.
   Realized  gains and losses on sales of marketable  securities are included in
   other  income   (expense)  on  the  Company's   consolidated   statements  of
   operations.

   Allowance  for doubtful  accounts  The Company had an allowance  for doubtful
   accounts  of  $273,000   and   $146,000  at  December   31,  2004  and  2003,
   respectively.  The  Company  must make  estimates  of the  collectibility  of
   accounts  receivables.  Management  analyzes  historical bad debts,  customer
   concentrations,  customer credit-worthiness,  current economic conditions and
   changes in  customers'  payment  trends when  evaluating  the adequacy of the
   allowance for doubtful accounts.

   Deferred income taxes
   The  Company  calculates  income  taxes in  accordance  with  SFAS  No.  109,
   "Accounting for Income Taxes",  which requires recognition of deferred income
   tax assets and liabilities  for the expected tax  consequences of events that
   have been  included  in the  financial  statements  and income  tax  returns.
   Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred income
   tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

   Restricted marketable securities
   At December 31, 2004 and 2003,  restricted  marketable  securities  consisted
   primarily of governmental debt instruments with maturities  generally from 90
   days to 20 years (see Note 7). At December 31, 2004 and 2003, the approximate
   fair value of restricted  marketable  securities  equaled  their  approximate
   amortized cost.  Restricted  marketable  securities have been  categorized as
   held-to-maturity  and, as a result,  are stated at amortized  cost.  Realized
   gains and losses on sales of restricted marketable securities are included in
   other  income   (expense)  on  the  Company's   consolidated   statements  of
   operations. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company sold certain
   restricted  marketable  securities due to a decrease in the statutory  surety
   requirements  established  by  the  State  of  Oregon  Workers'  Compensation
   Division.

   Intangibles
   In July 2001,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB")  issued
   Statement  of  Financial   Accounting  Standard  No.  (SFAS)  141,  "Business
   Combinations"  and SFAS 142,  "Goodwill  and Other  Intangible  Assets."  The
   Company's  adoption  date for SFAS 141 was July 1, 2001 and the adoption date
   for SFAS 142 was January 1, 2002. With respect to

                                       F-7

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

1. Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

   Intangibles (Continued)
   SFAS 142, the Company performed a goodwill impairment test as of the adoption
   date and at December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004 and has determined  there was no
   impairment  to its  recorded  goodwill.  The Company  will perform a goodwill
   impairment  test annually  during the fourth  quarter and whenever  events or
   circumstances  occur  indicating  that goodwill might be impaired.  Effective
   January  1,  2002,   amortization  of  all  goodwill  ceased.  The  Company's
   intangible  assets are  comprised  of covenants  not to compete  arising from
   acquisitions and have  contractual  lives  principally  ranging from three to
   five years.

   Property and equipment
   Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Expenditures  for maintenance and
   repairs are charged to operating  expense as incurred,  and  expenditures for
   additions  and  betterments  are  capitalized.  The  cost of  assets  sold or
   otherwise disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are eliminated
   from  the  accounts,  and any  resulting  gain or  loss is  reflected  in the
   statements of operations.

   Depreciation   of  property  and   equipment  is   calculated   using  either
   straight-line or accelerated methods over estimated useful lives, which range
   from 3 years to 10 years.

   Safety incentives liability
   Safety  incentives  represent  cash  incentives  paid to  certain  PEO client
   companies for maintaining  safe-work practices in order to minimize workplace
   injuries.  The  incentive is based on a percentage  of annual  payroll and is
   paid  annually to  customers  who meet  predetermined  workers'  compensation
   claims cost objectives. Safety incentive payments are made only after closure
   of all workers'  compensation  claims incurred during the customer's contract
   period.  The  liability  is  estimated  and accrued each month based upon the
   then-current amount of the customer's estimated workers'  compensation claims
   reserves as established by the Company's third party administrator.

   Customer deposits
   The Company requires  deposits from certain  professional  employer  services
   customers  to cover a  portion  of its  accounts  receivable  due  from  such
   customers in the event of default of payment.

   Comprehensive income (loss)
   Comprehensive  income  (loss)  includes all changes in equity during a period
   except  those  that  resulted  from  investments  by  or  distributions  to a
   company's  stockholders.  Comprehensive  income  (loss)  totaled  $7,017,000,
   $2,085,000 and  $(1,353,000)  for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
   2002,  respectively.  Other  comprehensive  income (loss) refers to revenues,
   expenses,   gains  and  losses  that  under  generally  accepted   accounting
   principles are included in comprehensive income (loss), but excluded from net
   income  as  these   amounts  are  recorded   directly  as  an  adjustment  to
   stockholders'   equity.   Barrett's  other  comprehensive  income  (loss)  is
   comprised  of  unrealized  holding  gains and losses on its  publicly  traded
   marketable securities, net of realized gains included in net income.

                                      F-8

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

1. Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

   Statements of cash flows
   Interest  paid  during  2004,  2003 and 2002 did not  materially  differ from
   interest  expense.  Income taxes paid by the Company in 2004 and 2003 totaled
   $6,541,000  and $567,000,  respectively.  The Company paid no income taxes in
   2002.

   Basic and diluted earnings per share
   Basic earnings per share are computed based on the weighted average number of
   common shares  outstanding for each year.  Diluted earnings per share reflect
   the potential effects of the exercise of outstanding stock options. Basic and
   diluted shares outstanding are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          Year Ended
                                                                         December 31,
                                                               -------------------------------
                                                                 2004       2003       2002
                                                               ---------  ---------  ---------

<S>                                                            <C>        <C>        <C>
Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding            5,724,607  5,690,261  5,804,231

Acquisition earnout shares                                        52,800         --         --

Stock option plan shares to be issued at prices ranging from
   $1.45 to $17.75 per share                                     592,449    586,674         --

Less:   Assumed purchase at average market price during the
        period using proceeds received upon exercise of
        options and purchase of stock, and using tax benefits
        of compensation due to premature dispositions           (177,344)  (400,808)        --
                                                               ---------  ---------  ---------

Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding          6,192,512  5,876,127  5,804,231
                                                               =========  =========  =========
</TABLE>


   As a result of the net loss  reported  for the year ended  December 31, 2002,
   23,978  potential  common shares have been excluded from the  calculation  of
   diluted loss per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive.

   Stock option compensation
   The  Company  applies  APB  Opinion  No. 25 and  related  interpretations  in
   accounting for its stock incentive plan. Accordingly, no compensation expense
   has been  recognized  for its stock  option  grants  issued  at market  price
   because the exercise price of the Company's employee stock options equals the
   market price of the underlying  stock on the date of grant.  If  compensation
   expense for the Company's  stock-based  compensation plan had been determined
   based on the fair  market  value at the grant date for awards  under the Plan
   consistent  with the method of Statement of  Financial  Accounting  Standards
   ("SFAS") No. 123, the  Company's  net income  (loss) and earnings  (loss) per
   share would have been adjusted to the pro forma amounts indicated below:

                                      F-9

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

1. Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

   Stock option compensation (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     2004     2003     2002
                                                                    ------   ------   -------
      (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                                 <C>      <C>      <C>
      Net income (loss), as reported                                $7,371   $2,085   $(1,353)
      Add back compensation expense recognized under
        APB No. 25                                                      --       --        --
      Deduct: Total stock-based  compensation expense
        determined under fair value based method for all awards,
        net of related tax effects                                    (207)    (176)     (168)
                                                                    ------   ------   -------
      Net income (loss), pro forma                                  $7,164   $1,909   $(1,521)
                                                                    ======   ======   =======
      Basic earnings (loss) per share, as reported                  $ 1.29   $  .36   $  (.23)
      Basic earnings (loss) per share, pro forma                      1.25      .34      (.26)
      Diluted earnings (loss) per share, as reported                  1.19      .35      (.23)
      Diluted earnings (loss) per share, pro forma                    1.16      .33      (.26)

</TABLE>

   The effects of applying SFAS No. 123 for providing pro forma  disclosures for
   2004,  2003 and 2002 are not likely to be  representative  of the  effects on
   reported net income for future years, because options vest over several years
   and additional awards generally are made each year.

   Reclassifications
   Certain  prior year amounts have been  reclassified  to conform with the 2004
   presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on the Company's financial
   condition,  operating  results,  cash flows,  working  capital or shareholder
   equity.

   Revision in classification
   The Company  recently  reviewed  its  accounting  practices  with  respect to
   balance sheet  classification of assets and liabilities  relating to workers'
   compensation  claims that are in excess of the deductible limits of insurance
   coverage  purchased from insurance  companies.  As a result,  the Company has
   determined that the liabilities  for workers'  compensation  claims should be
   reported  on a gross  basis  along with the  corresponding  receivables  from
   insurers.  This  revision  in  classification  had no  effect  on  previously
   reported results of operations, cash flows or working capital.

   Accounting estimates
   The  preparation  of the Company's  financial  statements in conformity  with
   accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the United  States of America
   requires  management  to make  estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the
   reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent
   assets  and  liabilities  at the  date of the  financial  statements  and the
   reported  amounts of revenues  and  expenses  during the  reporting  periods.
   Management bases its estimates on historical  experience and on various other
   assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the  circumstances,  the
   results  of which  form the basis for  making  judgments  about the  carrying
   values of assets and  liabilities  that are not readily  apparent  from other
   sources. Actual results may differ from such estimates.


                                      F-10

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

1. Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

   Recent accounting pronouncements
   In January 2003,  the FASB issued  Interpretation  No. 46  "Consolidation  of
   Variable  Interest  Entities"  (FIN 46). FIN 46 clarifies the  application of
   Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51, "Consolidated  Financial Statements," to
   certain entities in which equity investors do not have the characteristics of
   a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for
   the  entity  to  finance  its  activities  without  additional   subordinated
   financial support from other parties.  In December 2003, the FASB published a
   revision of FIN 46 (FIN 46R),  in part to clarify  certain of the  provisions
   and implementation  issues of FIN 46. Fin 46 applies  immediately to variable
   interest  entities (VIEs created after January 31, 2003, and to VIEs in which
   an enterprise  obtains an interest after that date).  It applies in the first
   fiscal year or interim  period  ending after  December  15, 2003,  to VIEs in
   which  an  enterprise  holds a  variable  interest  that it  acquired  before
   February 1, 2003.  The  adoption of FIN 46 did not have a material  impact on
   the Company's results of operations or financial position.

   In April 2003,  the FASB  issued SFAS 149,  "Amendment  of  Statement  133 on
   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS 149 amends and clarifies
   financial  accounting  and reporting for  derivative  instruments,  including
   certain  derivative  instruments  embedded in other  contracts  (collectively
   referred  to as  derivatives)  and for  hedging  activities  under  SFAS 133,
   "Accounting for Derivative  Instruments and Hedging  Activities." SFAS 149 is
   generally  effective  for contracts  entered into or modified  after June 30,
   2003.  The  adoption  of SFAS  149  did not  have a  material  impact  on the
   Company's results of operations or financial position.

   In May 2003,  the FASB issued  SFAS 150,  "Accounting  for Certain  Financial
   Instruments  with  Characteristics  of both Liabilities and Equity." SFAS 150
   establishes  standards  for how an issuer  classifies  and  measures  certain
   financial  instruments with  characteristics  of both liabilities and equity.
   SFAS 150  requires  that an issuer  classify a financial  instrument  that is
   within its scope as a  liability  if that  financial  instrument  embodies an
   obligation to the issuer.  SFAS 150 is effective  for  financial  instruments
   entered into or modified  after May 31, 2003,  and  otherwise is effective at
   the  beginning of the first  interim  period  beginning  after June 15, 2003,
   except  for  mandatorily   redeemable  financial   instruments  of  nonpublic
   entities.  The  adoption  of SFAS 150 did not have a  material  impact on the
   Company's results of operations or financial position.

   On December 16, 2004,  the FASB issued SFAS  123(R),  "Share-Based  Payment,"
   which is a revision of SFAS 123,  "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation."
   SFAS 123(R)  supersedes APB Opinion No. 25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to
   Employees," and amends SFAS No. 95, "Statement of Cash Flows." Generally, the
   approach in SFAS  123(R) is similar to the  approach  described  in SFAS 123,
   however,   SFAS  123(R)  requires  all  share-based  payments  to  employees,
   including  grants of  employee  stock  options,  to be expensed in the income
   statement over the requisite  service period based on their  grant-date  fair
   values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative.  SFAS 123(R) allows
   for either  prospective  or  retrospective  adoption  and  requires  that the
   unvested portion of all outstanding  awards upon adoption be recognized using
   the same fair value and attribution methodologies previously determined under
   SFAS 123. The Company is currently  evaluating  transition  alternatives  and
   valuation methodologies for future grants. As a result, proforma compensation
   expense, as described in Note 1, may not be indicative of future

                                      F-11

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

1. Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

   Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)
   expense to be  recognized  under SFAS 123(R).  The effect of adoption of SFAS
   123(R) on the Company's  financial  position or results of operations has not
   yet been determined.

   SFAS  123(R)  must be  adopted  no later  than July 1,  2005 and the  Company
   expects to adopt SFAS 123(R) by such date.


2. Acquisition

   Effective  January 1, 2004,  the Company  acquired  certain  assets of Skills
   Resource  Training Center ("SRTC"),  a staffing services company with offices
   in Central  Washington,  Eastern Oregon and Southern  Idaho.  The acquisition
   provides  the  Company  with the  opportunity  to  geographically  expand and
   diversify its business,  particularly in the  agricultural,  food packing and
   processing industries.  The Company paid $3,000,000 in cash for the assets of
   SRTC and the selling shareholders'  noncompete agreements and agreed to issue
   up to 135,731 shares of its common stock ("Earnout Shares"),  with the actual
   number  of  Earnout  Shares to be issued  based  upon the level of  financial
   performance  achieved  by the SRTC  offices  during  calendar  2004.  Certain
   contingencies remain unresolved precluding a final calculation of the Earnout
   Shares.  However,  the Company has recorded an estimated total Earnout Shares
   of 52,800 with a value of $778,000 on its  consolidated  balance  sheet as of
   December  31,  2004.  The  transaction  resulted  in  $3,767,000  of goodwill
   (including  $44,000 for  acquisition-related  costs),  $40,000 of  intangible
   assets and $15,000 of fixed assets.

   Pro Forma Results of Operations (Unaudited)
   The operating  results of the SRTC  acquisition are included in the Company's
   results of operations since January 1, 2004. The following  unaudited summary
   presents the combined  results of operations as if the SRTC  acquisition  had
   occurred at the beginning of 2003, after giving effect to certain adjustments
   for the amortization of intangible assets, taxation and cost of capital.

      (in thousands, except per share amounts)               Year ended
                                                            December 31,
                                                                2003
                                                             ---------
      Revenue                                                $ 138,212
                                                             =========
      Net income                                             $   2,439
                                                             =========
      Basic earnings per share                               $     .43
                                                             =========
      Diluted earnings per share                             $     .41
                                                             =========

   The unaudited  pro forma  results  above have been  prepared for  comparative
   purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of what would have occurred
   had the acquisition  been made as of January 1, 2003, or of results which may
   occur in the future.


                                      F-12

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

3. Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Concentration of Credit Risk

   All of the  Company's  financial  instruments  are  recognized in its balance
   sheet. Carrying values approximate fair market value of most financial assets
   and liabilities.  The fair market value of certain financial  instruments was
   estimated as follows:

   -  Restricted   marketable  securities  -  Restricted  marketable  securities
      primarily consist of U.S. Treasury bills and municipal bonds. The interest
      rates  on  the  Company's   restricted   marketable  security  investments
      approximate   current  market  rates  for  these  types  of   investments;
      therefore,  the recorded  value of the  restricted  marketable  securities
      approximates fair market value.

   -  Long-term  debt - The  interest  rates  on the  Company's  long-term  debt
      approximate current market rates, based upon similar obligations with like
      maturities;  therefore,  the recorded value of long-term debt approximates
      the fair market value.

   Financial  instruments that potentially  subject the Company to concentration
   of credit risk consist  primarily of temporary cash  investments,  marketable
   securities,  restricted  marketable securities and trade accounts receivable.
   The Company restricts investment of temporary cash investments and marketable
   securities  to  financial  institutions  with  high  credit  ratings  and  to
   investments  in  governmental   debt   instruments.   Credit  risk  on  trade
   receivables  is minimized as a result of the large and diverse  nature of the
   Company's  customer base. At December 31, 2004,  the Company had  significant
   concentrations of credit risk as follows:

   -  Marketable  securities  - All  investments  are  held  in  publicly-traded
      securities, which includes $1,923,000, at fair value, in a closed end bond
      fund  principally   comprised  of  U.S.   Treasury   inflation   protected
      securities.

   -  Restricted  marketable  securities - $1,414,000 of  restricted  marketable
      securities at December 31, 2004 consisted of U.S.  Treasury bills and U.S.
      Treasury notes.

   -  Trade  receivables  - Trade  receivables  from  two  customers  aggregated
      $1,627,000 at December 31, 2004 (7% of trade  receivables  outstanding  at
      December 31, 2004).


4. Marketable Securities

   The components of the Company's investments,  as of December 31, 2004, are as
   follows (in thousands):

                               Cost     Unrealized   Unrealized  Market
                               Basis      Gains      (Losses)    Value
                              ------     ------      -------     ------
Trading:
   Common stocks              $   96     $   97      $    --     $  193
                              ------     ------      -------     ------
Available-for-sale:
   Bond funds                  4,457         24         (521)     3,960
   Corporate bond                500         --          (23)       477
                              ------     ------      -------     ------
                               4,957         24         (544)     4,437
                              ------     ------      -------     ------
                              $5,053     $  121      $  (544)    $4,630
                              ======     ======      =======     ======


                                      F-13

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

4. Marketable Securities (Continued)

   Investments in securities  classified as  available-for-sale  are reported at
   fair value,  with  unrealized  gains or losses  reported  net of tax in other
   comprehensive  income (loss).  The Company  considers  available  evidence in
   evaluating  potential  impairment of its investments,  including the duration
   and extent to which fair  value is less than cost and the  Company's  ability
   and intent to hold the investment. The unrealized losses at December 31, 2004
   relate to  investments  held less  than  twelve  months.  A  majority  of the
   unrealized  losses from the bond funds were generated by a bond fund which is
   principally  comprised  of  U.S.  Treasury  inflation  protected  securities.
   Management  believes that as a result of the current  unique  environment  of
   rising  interest rates and the market's  benign  expectations  for inflation,
   such  decline in fair value is  considered  to be  temporary  at December 31,
   2004.


5. Intangibles

   Intangibles consist of the following (in thousands):


                                                                December 31,
                                                             ----------------
                                                              2004      2003
                                                             ------    ------

      Covenants not to compete                               $3,749    $3,709

      Less accumulated amortization                           3,724     3,696
                                                             ------    ------

                                                             $   25    $   13
                                                             ======    ======


6. Property and Equipment

   Property and equipment consist of the following (in thousands):


                                                                December 31,
                                                             ----------------
                                                              2004      2003
                                                             ------  --------

      Office furniture and fixtures                          $3,836    $4,443
      Computer hardware and software                          4,594     4,582
      Aircraft                                                1,487        --
                                                             ------    ------

                                                              9,917     9,025

      Less accumulated depreciation and amortization          5,616     5,658
                                                             ------    ------

                                                             $4,301    $3,367
                                                             ======    ======



   Effective  June  30,  2003,  the  Company  completed  a  sale  and  leaseback
   transaction involving two office buildings owned by the Company providing net
   cash proceeds of approximately $2.0 million (after payment of the outstanding
   mortgage  balance).  The  gains  resulting  from  the  sale  and  lease  back
   transactions  have been deferred and are being amortized over the term of the
   leases.


                                      F-14

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

7. Workers' Compensation Claims

   The Company is a self-insured  employer with respect to workers' compensation
   coverage for all its employees (including employees subject to PEO contracts)
   working  in  Oregon,  Maryland,  Delaware  and  California.  In the  state of
   Washington,  state  law  allows  only the  Company's  staffing  services  and
   management employees to be covered under the Company's  self-insured workers'
   compensation program.

   The Company has provided a total of  $14,157,000  and  $9,078,000 at December
   31, 2004 and 2003,  respectively,  as an estimated  liability  for  unsettled
   workers'  compensation  claims  liabilities.   The  estimated  liability  for
   unsettled workers' compensation claims represents management's best estimate,
   which  includes,  in part,  an  evaluation  of  information  provided  by the
   Company's third-party administrators for workers' compensation claims and its
   independent  actuary,  who annually  assist  management to estimate the total
   future  costs  of  all  claims,   including  potential  future  adverse  loss
   development.  Included in the claims  liabilities are case reserve  estimates
   for  reported  losses,  plus  additional  amounts  based on  projections  for
   incurred  but not  reported  claims,  anticipated  increases  in case reserve
   estimates and additional claims administration  expenses. These estimates are
   continually  reviewed and adjustments to liabilities are reflected in current
   operating  results  as they  become  known.  The  Company  believes  that the
   difference  between  amounts  recorded for its estimated  liabilities and the
   possible  range of costs to settle  related claims is not material to results
   of  operations;  nevertheless,  it is reasonably  possible  that  adjustments
   required in future periods may be material to results of operations.

   Liabilities incurred for work-related  employee fatalities,  as determined by
   the state in which the accident  occurred,  are recorded  either at an agreed
   lump-sum  settlement  amount or the net  present  value of  future  fixed and
   determinable   payments  over  the  actuarially   determined  remaining  life
   expectancy  of the  beneficiary,  discounted  at a rate that  approximates  a
   long-term,  high-quality  corporate  bond  rate.  During  2004,  the  Company
   maintained excess workers' compensation insurance to limit its self-insurance
   exposure to $1,000,000  per  occurrence in all states.  The excess  insurance
   provided statutory coverage above the  aforementioned  exposures.  During the
   year ended December 31, 2004, the Company  determined  that it should present
   its accrued  liabilities  for workers'  compensation  claims on a gross basis
   along with a corresponding  receivable  from its insurers,  as the Company is
   the primary obligor for payment of the related insured claims. As a result of
   this  revision  in  classification,  the Company  has  increased  its accrued
   workers'  compensation  claims  liabilities  as of December  31, 2004 by $4.4
   million (of which $0.2 million is  estimated to be currently  payable and the
   balance  a  long-term   liability)   and  has  also  recorded   corresponding
   receivables   for  these  insured  claims  from  its  prior  excess  workers'
   compensation  insurer,  CNA  Financial  Corporation.  In order to conform the
   Company's prior financial statements for this revision in classification, the
   Company has increased its accrued workers' compensation claims liabilities as
   of December 31, 2003 by $4.2 million (of which $0.4 million was  estimated to
   be currently payable and the balance a long-term  liability) and has recorded
   corresponding  receivables  for these  insured  claims from its prior  excess
   workers'  compensation insurer, CNA Financial  Corporation.  The Company will
   continue  its past  practice  of  evaluating  the  financial  capacity of its
   insurers to assess the recoverability of the related insurer receivables.

                                      F-15

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

7. Workers' Compensation Claims (Continued)

   At December 31, 2004, the Company's  long-term workers'  compensation  claims
   liabilities  in  the  accompanying   balance  sheet  included   $600,000  for
   work-related fatalities. The aggregate undiscounted pay-out amount related to
   the  catastrophic  injuries and fatalities is $1,234,000.  The discount rates
   applied to the discounted  liabilities range from 7.05% to 9.00%. These rates
   represented the then-current rates for high quality long-term debt securities
   available  at the date of loss  with  maturities  equal to the  length of the
   pay-out  period to the  beneficiaries.  The  actuarially  determined  pay-out
   periods  to the  beneficiaries  range  from 6 to 37 years.  As a result,  the
   five-year cash requirements related to these claims are immaterial.

   The states of Oregon,  Maryland,  Washington,  Delaware and the United States
   Department  of Labor  require the Company to  maintain  specified  investment
   balances or other financial instruments,  totaling $4,042,000 at December 31,
   2004 and $4,737,000 at December 31, 2003, to cover  potential  claims losses.
   In partial  satisfaction  of these  requirements,  at December 31, 2004,  the
   Company has provided  standby  letters of credit in the amount of  $2,390,000
   and  surety  bonds  totaling  $907,000.   The  investments  are  included  in
   restricted  marketable  securities and workers'  compensation deposits in the
   accompanying  balance sheets.  Prior to July 1, 2003, the state of California
   required  the  Company  to  maintain a  $4,036,000  letter of credit to cover
   potential  claims  losses.  Effective  July 1,  2003,  the  Company  became a
   participant in  California's  new alternative  security  program and paid the
   state an annual fee of $234,000,  which was  determined  by several  factors,
   including the amount of a future security  deposit and the Company's  overall
   credit  rating.  Upon payment of the  alternative  security  program fee, the
   state of  California  agreed  to allow the  Company's  letter of credit to be
   terminated.  The  annual  fee paid to the  state of  California  for 2004 was
   $115,000.


8. Credit Facility

   The Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with its
   principal  bank on March 23,  2004,  effective  March 31,  2004.  The  Credit
   Agreement  provides for a revolving  credit  facility of up to $6.0  million,
   which includes a subfeature  under the line of credit for standby  letters of
   credit for not more than $4.0 million. The interest rate options on advances,
   if any, will be, at the Company's  discretion,  either (i) equal to the prime
   rate or (ii) LIBOR plus 1.50%. The Credit Agreement expires July 1, 2005.

   The revolving  credit  facility is  collateralized  by the Company's  assets,
   including,   without   limitation,   its  accounts   receivable,   equipment,
   intellectual  property  and bank  deposits,  and may be  prepaid  at any time
   without penalty. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company is required to
   maintain  compliance with the following  financial  covenants:  (1) a Current
   Ratio not less than 1.10 to 1.0 with "Current Ratio" defined as total current
   assets divided by total current liabilities;  (2) Tangible Net Worth not less
   than $8.0 million,  determined at each fiscal quarter end, with "Tangible Net
   Worth"  defined  as  the  aggregate  of  total   stockholders'   equity  plus
   subordinated debt less any intangible assets;  (3) Total Liabilities  divided
   by Tangible Net Worth not greater than 5.00 to 1.0, determined at each fiscal
   quarter end,  with "Total  Liabilities"  defined as the  aggregate of current
   liabilities  and  non-current  liabilities,  less  subordinated  debt and the
   current and long-term portion of the


                                      F-16

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

8. Credit Facility (Continued)

   Deferred Gain on Sale and Leaseback, and with "Tangible Net Worth" as defined
   above; and (4) Net income after taxes not less than $1.00 on an annual basis,
   determined as of each fiscal year end, and pre-tax profit not less than $1.00
   on a quarterly  basis,  determined as of each fiscal quarter end. The Company
   was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2004.

   The  Company  had  letters  of credit  totaling  approximately  $2.5  million
   outstanding  at December  31,  2004,  primarily  in  connection  with various
   deposit requirements for its self-insured workers' compensation  programs. As
   of December 31, 2004, the Company had  approximately  $3.5 million  available
   under its $6.0 million  credit  facility and was in compliance  with all loan
   covenants.

   During the year ended  December 31,  2004,  the maximum  balance  outstanding
   under the  revolving  credit  facility was $148,000 and the weighted  average
   interest rate during the period was 4.5%. The weighted  average interest rate
   during 2004 was calculated using daily weighted averages.

9. Long-Term Debt

   Long-term debt consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                --------------
                                                                                 2004     2003
                                                                                ------   -----
                                                                                (in thousands)
<S>                                                                             <C>      <C>
     Note payable in monthly installments of $12,292 plus interest at a rate
       indexed to the London interbank offered rate for deposits plus 2.40%     $1,389   $  --

     Note payable in annual installments of $200,000 for years 2002, 2005 and
       2006 and $87,500 for years 2003 and 2004, plus simple interest at 5.00%
       per annum through 2006                                                      400     488
                                                                                ------   -----
                                                                                 1,789     488
     Less portion due within one year                                              348      88
                                                                                ------   -----
                                                                                $1,441   $ 400
                                                                                ======   =====
</TABLE>

   Maturities on long-term  debt are  summarized as follows at December 31, 2004
   (in thousands):

             Year ending
             December 31,
             ------------
                2005                        $  348
                2006                           348
                2007                           148
                2008                           148
                2009                           148
             Thereafter                        649
                                            ------
                                            $1,789
                                            ======


                                      F-17

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

10. Savings Plan

   The Company has a Section 401(k) employee savings plan for the benefit of its
   eligible employees. All employees 21 years of age or older become eligible to
   participate in the savings plan upon  completion of 1,000 hours of service in
   any  consecutive  12-month  period  following the initial date of employment.
   Employees  covered under a co-employer  ("PEO")  contract  receive credit for
   prior  employment  with the PEO client for  purposes of meeting  savings plan
   service eligibility.  The determination of Company contributions to the plan,
   if any, is subject to the sole discretion of the Company.

   Participants'  interests  in  Company  contributions  to the plan vest over a
   seven-year  period. No discretionary  company  contributions were made to the
   plan for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.

   After several years of study, on April 24, 2002, the Internal Revenue Service
   ("IRS") issued Revenue  Procedure 2002-21 ("Rev Proc") to provide relief with
   respect to certain defined contribution  retirement plans maintained by a PEO
   that benefit  worksite  employees.  The Rev Proc outlines the steps necessary
   for a PEO to avoid plan  disqualification for violating the exclusive benefit
   rule. Essentially,  a PEO must either (1) terminate its plan; (2) convert its
   plan to a "multiple  employer plan" by December 31, 2003; or (3) transfer the
   plan assets and liabilities to a customer plan.  Effective  December 1, 2002,
   the Company converted its 401(k) plan to a "multiple employer plan".


11. Commitments

   Lease commitments
   The Company leases its offices under operating lease  agreements that require
   minimum annual payments as follows (in thousands):

                 Year ending
                December 31,
               ----------------

                    2005                          $1,812
                    2006                           1,117
                    2007                             858
                    2008                             293
                    2009                             228
               2010 and thereafter                   798
                                                  ------

                                                  $5,106
                                                  ======

   Rent  expense  for the  years  ended  December  31,  2004,  2003 and 2002 was
   approximately $1,752,000, $1,499,000 and $1,741,000, respectively.


                                      F-18

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

12. Related Party Transactions

   During the period from January 1, 2002 to May 1, 2002,  the Company  recorded
   revenues of $138,000 and cost of revenues of $132,000 for providing  services
   to a company owned by Barrett's  President and Chief Executive  Officer,  Mr.
   William W.  Sherertz.  Effective  May 1, 2002,  this  company  was sold to an
   unrelated third-party.

   During 2001, pursuant to the approval of all disinterested outside directors,
   the Company agreed to loan Mr. Sherertz up to $60,000  between  December 2001
   and June 2002 to assist Mr. Sherertz in meeting his debt service  obligations
   of interest only on a personal loan from the Company's  principal bank, which
   is secured by his holdings of Company stock.  In the spring of 2002, with the
   approval of all disinterested outside directors, the Company agreed to extend
   its  financial  commitment  to  lend  to Mr.  Sherertz  amounts  equal  to an
   additional two quarterly  interest-only  payments in July and September 2002.
   The Company's note  receivable from Mr. Sherertz bears interest at prime less
   50 basis points,  which is the same rate as Mr. Sherertz's personal loan from
   the bank.  As of December 31, 2003,  the note  receivable  from Mr.  Sherertz
   totaled  approximately  $107,000  and  is  shown  as  contra  equity  in  the
   Statements of Stockholders'  Equity. During 2004, pursuant to the approval of
   a majority of the Company's independent  directors,  Mr. Sherertz tendered to
   the Company for  cancellation  and  retirement  8,095  shares of common stock
   valued at $16.835  per share.  This  transaction  discharged  Mr.  Sherertz's
   obligations  to the Company  totaling  $136,274,  including the principal and
   interest on the employee loan of $107,000.

   During 2001, pursuant to the approval of all disinterested outside directors,
   the Company  entered into a split dollar life  insurance  agreement  with Mr.
   Sherertz's  personal  trust.  Terms of the  agreement  provide  that upon Mr.
   Sherertz's  death,  the  Company  will  recoup  from his trust all  insurance
   premiums  paid by the  Company.  During  2002,  the Company  paid annual life
   insurance premiums of approximately  $56,000.  In addition,  during 2002, the
   Company  paid a cash  bonus  of  approximately  $39,000  to Mr.  Sherertz  in
   connection  with his  personal  expenses  related  to the split  dollar  life
   insurance  program.  During  2004 and 2003,  the  Company  paid no  insurance
   premiums in connection with this split dollar life insurance agreement.

   In October 2001, the Company  entered into an agreement with Mr.  Sherertz to
   rent a residence in La Quinta,  California  owned by Mr.  Sherertz for use in
   entertaining the Company's customers. During 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company
   paid Mr. Sherertz $102,000, $99,000 and $97,000,  respectively, for rental of
   the property.


                                      F-19

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

13. Income Taxes

   The provisions for (benefit from) income taxes are as follows (in thousands):

                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                              2004         2003        2002
                                             -------      ------     -------
     Current:
      Federal                                $ 5,096      $  500    $ (2,452)
      State                                    1,062          52           7
                                             -------      ------    --------
                                               6,158         552      (2,445)
                                             -------      ------    --------
     Deferred:
      Federal                                 (1,185)        210       1,592
      State                                      (94)        128         (39)
                                             -------      ------    --------
                                              (1,279)        338       1,553
                                             -------      ------    --------

        Total provision (benefit)            $ 4,879      $  890    $   (892)
                                             =======      ======    ========

   Deferred  income tax assets  (liabilities)  are  comprised  of the  following
   components (in thousands):

                                                              2004      2003
                                                             -------   -------
      Gross deferred income tax assets:
        Workers' compensation claims liabilities             $ 3,829   $ 1,913
        Safety incentives payable                              1,844       722
        Allowance for doubtful accounts                          108        57
        Fixed assets                                              --       474
        Deferred compensation                                     31       101
        Net operating losses and tax credits                      --       562
        Tax effect of unrealized losses, net                     166        --
        Other                                                     67        94
                                                             -------   -------
                                                               6,045     3,923
                                                             -------   -------
      Gross deferred income tax liabilities:
        Tax depreciation in excess of book depreciation         (185)      (54)
        Amortization of intangibles                           (1,178)     (632)
                                                             -------   -------
                                                              (1,363)     (686)
                                                             -------   -------

        Net deferred income tax assets                       $ 4,682   $ 3,237
                                                             =======   =======


                                      F-20

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

13. Income Taxes (Continued)

   The effective tax rate differed from the U.S.  statutory federal tax rate due
   to the following:


                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                 2004        2003        2002
                                                 -----       -----       -----

      Statutory federal tax rate                  35.0 %      34.0 %     (34.0)%
      State taxes, net of federal benefit          5.0         4.0        (1.0)
      Nondeductible expenses and other, net         .9        (2.4)        5.9
      Federal tax-exempt interest income           (.2)        (.5)       (2.6)
      Federal tax credits                          (.9)       (5.2)       (8.0)
                                                 -----       -----       -----

                                                  39.8 %      29.9 %     (39.7)%
                                                 =====       =====       =====

   At  December  31,  2003,  the  Company  had state tax loss  carryforwards  of
   $5,403,000,  which expire in varying  amounts  between  2008 and 2023.  These
   state tax loss carryforwards were fully utilized during 2004.

   In the tax year ended December 31, 2003,  the Company  generated and utilized
   $177,000 and $56,000 in U.S. Federal Work Opportunity Tax Credits and Welfare
   to Work Tax Credits,  respectively.  At December  31,  2003,  the Company had
   $304,000 and $88,000 of unused U.S.  Federal Work Opportunity Tax Credits and
   Welfare to Work Tax Credits.  These unused tax credits were fully utilized in
   2004. The  nondeductible  expenses  pertain to meals,  certain  entertainment
   expenses and life insurance premiums.


14. Stock Incentive Plans

   The Company's 2003 Stock  Incentive Plan (the "2003 Plan") which provides for
   stock-based awards to Company employees,  non-employee  directors and outside
   consultants  or advisors,  was approved by  shareholders  on May 14, 2003. No
   options have been issued to outside  consultants  or advisors.  The number of
   shares of common stock  reserved for issuance under the 2003 Plan is 400,000.
   No new grants of stock  options  may be made under the  Company's  1993 Stock
   Incentive  Plan (the "1993  Plan").  At December 31, 2004,  there were option
   awards covering 375,923 shares outstanding under the 1993 Plan, which, to the
   extent they are terminated unexercised,  are carried over to the 2003 Plan as
   shares authorized to be issued under the 2003 Plan. Outstanding options under
   both plans  generally  become  exercisable in four equal annual  installments
   beginning  one year after the date of grant and  expire  ten years  after the
   date of grant. The exercise price of incentive stock options must not be less
   than the fair market value of the Company's stock on the date of grant.

   On August 22, 2001,  the Company  offered to all employee  optionees who held
   options with an exercise price of more than $5.85 per share (covering a total
   of 812,329  shares),  the opportunity to voluntarily  return for cancellation
   without  payment any stock  option  award with an  exercise  price above that
   price. At the close of the offer period on September 20, 2001,


                                      F-21

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

14. Stock Incentive Plans (Continued)

   stock options for a total of 797,229 shares were voluntarily  surrendered for
   cancellation. On August 20, 2002, the Compensation Committee of the Company's
   board of  directors  approved  the  issuance  of options  covering a total of
   357,000 shares to then-current employees.

   A summary of the status of the Company's  stock options at December 31, 2004,
   2003 and 2002,  together  with  changes  during the periods  then ended,  are
   presented below:

                                                                      Weighted
                                                           Number      average
                                                            of        exercise
                                                          options       price
                                                          -------     -------

     Outstanding at December 31, 2001                     252,206

     Options granted at market price                      372,719        3.16
     Options exercised                                    (16,556)       3.67
     Options canceled or expired                          (88,174)       3.58
                                                          -------
     Outstanding at December 31, 2002                     520,195
     Options granted at market price                      170,549        3.98
     Options exercised                                    (75,719)       3.59
     Options canceled or expired                          (29,566)       4.02
                                                          -------
     Outstanding at December 31, 2003                     585,459
     Options granted at market price                       51,597       13.74
     Options exercised                                    (48,237)       3.46
     Options canceled or expired                          (10,750)       5.40
                                                          -------

     Outstanding at December 31, 2004                     578,069
                                                          =======

     Available for grant at December 31, 2004             218,070
                                                          =======


   The fair value of each option  grant is  estimated on the date of grant using
   the Black-Scholes  option-pricing model, with the following  weighted-average
   assumptions used for grants in 2004, 2003 and 2002:

                                                      2004     2003      2002
                                                      ----     ----      ----
      Expected volatility                               61%      62%       58%
      Risk free rate of return                        3.63%    3.22%     2.94%
      Expected dividend yield                            0%       0%        0%
      Expected life (years)                            5.0      5.0       5.0


   Total fair  value of  options  granted  at market  price was  computed  to be
   $379,000,  $369,000 and $571,000 for the years ended December 31, 2004,  2003
   and 2002,  respectively.  There were no options granted during 2004, 2003 and
   2002 below market  price.  The  weighted  average fair value per share of all
   options  granted  in  2004,  2003  and  2002  was  $7.35,  $2.16  and  $1.53,
   respectively.

                                      F-22

<PAGE>


Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

14. Stock Incentive Plans (Continued)

   The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
   December 31, 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                    Options outstanding                           Options exercisable
---------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------
                                               Weighted-
                                   Weighted-    average      Exercisable     Weighted-
                                   average     remaining         at          average
                        Number     exercise    contractual    December 31,   exercise
Exercise price range  of shares     price     life (years)      2004          price
--------------------- ---------   ---------    ---------     ------------    --------
<S>          <C>        <C>        <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>
  $ 1.45  -  $ 3.58     430,743    $  3.08        7.8          141,493        $ 3.03
    3.63       7.75      77,680       4.25        6.1           51,364          4.51
   11.50      17.75      69,646      13.95        8.6           20,549         14.38
                        -------                                -------
                        578,069                                213,406
                        =======                                =======

</TABLE>


   At December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, 213,406, 103,528 and 84,778 options were
   exercisable at weighted  average  exercise prices of $4.48,  $4.32 and $4.79,
   respectively.


15. Stockholders' Equity

   During 2002, the Company  reclassified accrued stock option compensation from
   current liabilities to equity related to stock options previously issued at a
   60% discount to market  price.  The  compensation  cost  associated  with the
   options was previously recognized as an expense by the Company in the year of
   grant.

   During 2002, the Company  received a final  liquidating  distribution  from a
   former  insolvent   customer.   The  customer's   receivable  was  personally
   guaranteed by the Company's  President and Chief Executive  Officer,  who had
   previously  satisfied  the  guarantee  to the Company in full.  As such,  the
   payment by the Company of  approximately  $28,000 to the Company's  President
   represented  a  partial   recovery  for  the  guarantor  of  the   guaranteed
   receivable.

   During 2004 and 2003,  the Company  recognized  a tax benefit of $187,000 and
   $137,000,  respectively,  resulting from disqualifying  dispositions of stock
   option exercises. The Company recorded this tax benefit in additional paid-in
   capital.


                                      F-23

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

16. Stock Repurchase Program

   During 1999, the Company's Board of Directors  authorized a stock  repurchase
   program to purchase common shares from time to time in open market purchases.
   Since  inception,  the Board has approved seven increases in the total number
   of shares or dollars  authorized  to be  repurchased  under the program.  The
   repurchase  program  currently  allows  for  $444,000  to  be  used  for  the
   repurchase of additional  shares as of December 31, 2004. The Company made no
   share repurchases during 2004. During 2003, the Company  repurchased  112,700
   shares  at  an  aggregate  price  of  $446,000.   During  2002,  the  Company
   repurchased  100,900 shares at an aggregate price of $386,000.  In accordance
   with  Maryland  corporation  law,  all  repurchased  shares  are  immediately
   cancelled.


17. Litigation

   The Company is subject to legal  proceedings  and claims,  which arise in the
   ordinary course of its business. In the opinion of management,  the amount of
   ultimate liability with respect to currently pending or threatened actions is
   not  expected  to  materially  affect the  financial  position  or results of
   operations of the Company.





                                      F-24

<PAGE>

Barrett Business Services, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

18. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

      (in thousands, except per share amounts and market price per share)

                                               First    Second     Third     Fourth
                                              Quarter   Quarter   Quarter    Quarter
                                              -------   -------   -------    -------
<S>                                           <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>
      Year ended December 31, 2002
        Revenues                              $25,738   $27,766   $30,090    $25,714
        Cost of revenues                       21,951    23,414    25,717     23,261
        Net (loss) income                        (417)        1        56       (993)
        Basic (loss) earnings per share          (.07)       --       .01       (.17)
        Diluted (loss) earnings per share        (.07)       --       .01       (.17)
        Common stock market prices:
         High                                 $  4.00   $  4.00   $  3.50    $  4.00
         Low                                     3.15      2.74      2.01       2.67

      Year ended December 31, 2003
        Revenues                              $23,397   $27,902   $34,773    $36,649
        Cost of revenues                       20,028    23,446    28,543     29,707
        Net (loss) income                        (343)      167       943      1,318
        Basic (loss) earnings per share          (.06)      .03       .17        .23
        Diluted (loss) earnings per share        (.06)      .03       .16        .22
        Common stock market prices:
         High                                 $  3.75   $  3.65   $  7.41    $ 15.13
         Low                                     2.31      2.64      3.00       7.00

      Year ended December 31, 2004
        Revenues                              $40,610   $47,704   $54,679    $51,968
        Cost of revenues                       33,887    38,844    43,906     41,654
        Net income                                606     1,840     2,448      2,477
        Basic earnings per share                  .11       .32       .43        .43
        Diluted earnings per share                .10       .30       .40        .40
        Common stock market prices:
         High                                 $ 17.76   $ 15.21   $ 17.69    $ 16.50
         Low                                    11.49     12.26     12.99      13.25

</TABLE>




                                      F-25

<PAGE>


SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
                                       Registrant

Date:  March 30, 2005                  By:  /s/ Michael D. Mulholland
                                            -----------------------------
                                            Michael D. Mulholland
                                            Vice President-Finance and Secretary

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and
in the capacities indicated on the 30th day of March, 2005.

Principal Executive Officer and Director:

* WILLIAM W. SHERERTZ                     President and Chief Executive Officer
                                            and Director

Principal Financial Officer:

/s/ Michael D. Mulholland                 Vice President-Finance and Secretary
-------------------------------
Michael D. Mulholland

Principal Accounting Officer:

/s/ James D. Miller                       Controller and Assistant Secretary
-------------------------------
James D. Miller

Majority of Directors:

* THOMAS J. CARLEY                        Director

* JAMES B. HICKS                          Director

* JON L. JUSTESEN                         Director

* ANTHONY MEEKER                          Director

* NANCY B. SHERERTZ                       Director


* By  /s/ Michael D. Mulholland
      -------------------------
      Michael D. Mulholland
      Attorney-in-Fact



<PAGE>




                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

3.1   Charter of the  Registrant,  as  amended.  Incorporated  by  reference  to
      Exhibit  3 to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  for the
      quarter ended June 30, 1994.

3.2   Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      3.2 to the  Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form  10-K for the year  ended
      December 31, 1996.

      The Registrant has incurred long-term  indebtedness as to which the amount
      involved is less than 10 percent of the  Registrant's  total  assets.  The
      Registrant  agrees to furnish copies of the  instruments  relating to such
      indebtedness to the Commission upon request.

10.1  Second Amended and Restated 1993 Stock  Incentive Plan of the  Registrant.
      Incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.1 to the  Registrant's  Annual
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001.*

10.2  Form of  Indemnification  Agreement with each director of the  Registrant.
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Registration
      Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-61804).*

10.3  Summary  of annual  cash  incentive  bonus  award  program  for  executive
      officers of the Registrant.*

10.4  Employment  Agreement  between the Registrant  and Michael D.  Mulholland,
      dated January 26, 1999.  Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
      Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31,
      1998.*

10.5  Summary of compensation  arrangements  for  non-employee  directors of the
      Registrant.*

10.6  Credit  Agreement  dated as of March 31, 2004,  between the Registrant and
      Wells Fargo Bank,  N.A.  Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the
      Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31,
      2003 (the "2003 10-K").

10.7  Revolving Line of Credit Note dated as of March 31, 2004, in the amount of
      $6,000,000  issued to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.  Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.7 to the 2003 10-K.

10.8  Continuing  Security  Agreement  Equipment  dated  as  of  May  22,  2003.
      Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit  10.3 to the  Registrant's  Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed June 12, 2003.

10.9  Continuing  Security  Agreement Rights to Payment dated as of September 2,
      2002,  executed  in  favor of  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  N.A.  Incorporated  by
      reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the  Registrant's  Current Report on Form 8-K
      filed on September 4, 2002.

10.10 2003  Stock   Incentive  Plan  of  the   Registrant   (the  "2003  Plan").
      Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the  Registrant's  Quarterly
      Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003.*

10.11 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Plan. Incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the 2003 10-K.*

10.12 Form  of  Nonqualified   Stock  Option  Agreement  under  the  2003  Plan.
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the 2003 10-K.*


<PAGE>


10.13 Form of Annual Director Option Agreement under the 2003 Plan. Incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the 2003 10-K.*

10.14 Summary of Compensatory Arrangement with William W. Sherertz. Incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's  Quarterly Report on Form
      10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004.*

14    Code of Business  Conduct.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the
      2003 10-K.

23    Consent  of  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP,  Independent  Registered  Public
      Accounting Firm.

24    Power of attorney of certain officers and directors.

31.1  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).

31.2  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).

32    Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.


* Denotes a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
