<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

              ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001
                        Commission File No.        0-28190

                           CAMDEN NATIONAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                     MAINE                                  01-0413282
        (State or other jurisdiction of                 (I.R.S. Employer
         incorporation or organization)               Identification No.)

            2 ELM STREET, CAMDEN, ME                         04843
     (Address of principal executive offices)              (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (207) 236-8821

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act

                         Common Stock, without par value
                                (Title of class)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [_]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. (X)

     The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant as of March 26, 2002 is: Common stock - $164,333,228.

Shares of the Registrant's common stock held by each executive officer and
director and by each person who beneficially owns 5% or more of the Registrant's
outstanding common stock have been excluded, in that such persons may be deemed
to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
conclusive determination for other purposes.

     The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of
common stock, as of March 26, 2002 is: Common stock - 8,057,781.

     Listed hereunder are documents incorporated by reference and the relevant
Part of the Form 10-K into which the document is incorporated by reference:

     (1)  Certain information required in response to into Items 5, 6, 7, 7A and
8 of Part II of this Form 10-K are incorporated by reference from Camden
National Corporation's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December
31, 2001.

     (2)  Certain information required in response to into Items 10, 11, 12 and
13 of Part III of this Form 10-K are incorporated by reference from Camden
National Corporation's Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be filed with the Commission prior to April 30, 2002 pursuant to
Regulation 14A of the General Rules and Regulations of the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                      Index

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Item   Description                                                                Page
----   -----------                                                                ----
<S>                                                                               <C>
 1     Business                                                                     3

 2     Properties                                                                  11

 3     Pending Legal Proceeding                                                    11

 4     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                         11

 5     Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholders Matters      11

 6     Selected Financial Data                                                     11

 7     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
       and Results of Operation                                                    12

 7A    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks                 19

 8     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                 19

 9     Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
       and Financial Disclosure                                                    19

10     Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                          19

11     Executive Compensation                                                      20

12     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management              20

13     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                              20

14     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K            20

       Signatures                                                                  22

       Exhibit Index                                                               23

       Exhibits                                                                    24
</TABLE>

                                     Page 2

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

The discussions set forth below and in the documents we incorporate by reference
herein contain certain statements that may be considered forward-looking
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The
Company may make written or oral forward-looking statements in other documents
we file with the SEC, in our annual reports to stockholders, in press releases
and other written materials, and in oral statements made by our officers,
directors or employees. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use
of the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," estimate," "assume,"
"will," "should," and other expressions which predict or indicate future events
or trends and which do not relate to historical matters. You should not rely on
forward-looking statements, because they involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the control of the
Company. These risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause the actual
results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different
from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements.

Some of the factors that might cause these differences include the following:
changes in general, national or regional economic conditions; changes in loan
default and charge-off rates; reductions in deposit levels necessitating
increased borrowing to fund loans and investments; changes in interest rates;
changes in laws and regulations; changes in the size and nature of the Company's
competition; and changes in the assumptions used in making such forward-looking
statements. You should carefully review all of these factors, and you should be
aware that there may be other factors that could cause these differences,
including, among others, the factors listed under "Certain Factors Affecting
Future Operating Results," beginning on page 16. Readers should carefully review
the factors described under "Certain Factors Affecting Future Operating Results"
and should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements were based on information, plans and estimates
at the date of this report, and we do not promise to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new
information, future events or other changes.

Item 1.  Business

Overview. Camden National Corporation (the "Company") is a publicly held,
--------
multi-bank, financial institution holding company incorporated under the laws of
the State of Maine and headquartered in Camden, Maine. The Company makes its
products services available directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries,
Camden National Bank ("CNB"), UnitedKingfield Bank ("UnitedKingfield"), Acadia
Trust, N.A. ("Acadia"), and Trust Company of Maine, Inc. ("TCOM"). The
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company accompanying this Form 10-K
include the accounts of the Company, CNB, UnitedKingfield, Acadia and TCOM. All
inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Descriptions of the Company and the Company's Subsidiaries. A brief description
of each of the Company, CNB, UnitedKingfield, Acadia and TCOM follows.

The Company. The Company was founded in January 1984 following a corporate
reorganization in which the shareholders of CNB exchanged their shares of CNB
stock for shares of stock of the Company. As a result of this share exchange,
the Company became CNB's sole parent. In December 1995, the Company merged with
UnitedCorp, a bank holding company headquartered in Bangor, Maine, and, as a
result thereof, acquired (a) 100% of the outstanding stock of United Bank, a
Maine-chartered stock banking institution with its principal office in Bangor,
Maine, and (b) 51% of the outstanding stock of TCOM.

On December 20, 1999, the Company completed its acquisition of KSB Bancorp, Inc.
("KSB"), a publicly-held, bank holding company organized under the laws of the
State of Delaware and having its principal office in the State of Maine, with
one principal subsidiary, Kingfield Savings Bank ("Kingfield Bank"), a
Maine-chartered stock savings bank with its principal office in Kingfield,
Maine. The Company's acquisition of KSB was accounted for under the
pooling-of-interests method and, as such, financial information included in this
report presents the combined financial condition and results of operations of
both companies as if they had operated as a combined entity for all periods
presented.

                                     Page 3

<PAGE>

On July 19, 2001, the Company completed its acquisition of Acadia and Gouws
Capital Management, Inc. ("Gouws Capital"). Acadia is a federally regulated,
non-depository trust company headquartered in Portland, Maine. Gouws Capital, an
investment advisory firm was merged into Acadia on December 31, 2001.

On October 24, 2001, the Company acquired the remaining minority interest in
TCOM.

As of December 31, 2001, the Company's securities consisted of one class of
common stock, no par value, of which there were 8,057,781 shares outstanding
held of record by approximately 1,004 shareholders.

The Company is a bank holding company ("BHC") registered under the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHC Act"), and is subject to supervision,
regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (the "FRB"). The Company is also considered a Maine financial institution
holding company for purposes of the laws of the State of Maine, and as such, is
also subject to the jurisdiction of the Superintendent of the Maine Bureau of
Financial Institutions (the "Superintendent").

Camden National Bank. CNB, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is
a national banking association chartered under the laws of the United States and
having its principal office in Camden, Maine. Originally founded in 1875, CNB
became a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company as a result of a January
1984 corporate reorganization in which the shareholders of CNB exchanged their
shares of stock in CNB for shares of stock in the Company.

CNB offers its products and services primarily in the communities of Belfast,
Bucksport, Camden, Damariscotta, Portland, Rockland, Thomaston, Union,
Vinalhaven and Waldoboro, and focuses primarily on attracting deposits from the
general public through its branches and using such deposits to originate
residential mortgage loans, commercial business loans, commercial real estate
loans, and a variety of consumer loans. CNB customers may also access these
products and services using other mediums, including CNB's Internet web site
located at www.camdennational.com.
           ----------------------

CNB is a member bank of the Federal Reserve System and is subject to
supervision, regulation and examination by the Comptroller of the Currency (the
"OCC"). Its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(the "FDIC") up to the maximum amount permitted by law.

UnitedKingfield Bank. UnitedKingfield, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, is a financial institution chartered under the laws of the State of
Maine and having its principal office in Bangor, Maine. UnitedKingfield is the
successor by merger, effective February 4, 2000, of United Bank and Kingfield
Bank, and is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the FDIC and
the Superintendent. Its deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum
amount permitted by law.

UnitedKingfield offers its products and services primarily in the communities of
Bangor, Bingham, Corinth, Dover-Foxcroft, Farmington, Greenville, Hampden,
Hermon, Jackman, Kingfield, Lewiston, Madison, Milo, Phillips, Rangeley,
Stratton and Strong, Maine, and focuses primarily on attracting deposits from
the general public through its branches and using such deposits to originate
residential mortgage loans, commercial business loans, commercial real estate
loans, and a variety of consumer loans. UnitedKingfield customers may also
access these products and services using other media, including
UnitedKingfield's Internet web site located at www.unitedkingfield.com.
                                               -----------------------

Trust Company of Maine, Inc. TCOM, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, is a corporation with trust powers chartered under the laws of the
State of Maine and having its principal office in Bangor, Maine. The Company
acquired majority ownership of TCOM in December 1995 through the Company's
merger with UnitedCorp, the then parent of TCOM. On October 24, 2001, the
Company acquired the remaining minority interest in TCOM.

                                     Page 4

<PAGE>

TCOM provides a broad range of trust, trust- related and investment services, in
addition to retirement and pension plan management services, to both individual
and institutional clients. The financial services provided by TCOM complement
the services provided by the Company's subsidiary banks by offering customers
investment management services.

TCOM is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the Superintendent
and also is subject to supervision, examination and reporting requirements under
the BHC Act and the regulations of the FRB.

Acadia Trust, N.A. Acadia, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is
a national banking association chartered under the laws of the United States
with a limited purpose trust charter and having its principal office in
Portland, Maine.

Acadia provides a broad range of trust, investment and wealth management
services, to both individual and institutional clients. The financial services
provided by Acadia complement the services provided by the Company's subsidiary
banks by offering customers investment management services.

Acadia is a member bank of the Federal Reserve System and is subject to
supervision, regulation and examination by the OCC.

Competition. The Company competes principally in mid-coast Maine through CNB,
-----------
its largest subsidiary bank. CNB considers its primary market areas to be in
Knox County and Waldo County, each in the State of Maine. The combined
population of these two counties is approximately 76,000 people, and their
economies are based primarily on tourism but also are supported by a substantial
population of retirees. Major competitors in these market areas include local
branches of large regional bank affiliates, as well as local independent banks,
thrift institutions and credit unions. Other competitors for deposits and loans
within CNB's primary market areas include insurance companies, money market
funds, consumer finance companies and financing affiliates of consumer durable
goods manufacturers.

The Company, through UnitedKingfield, also competes in both the central and
western Maine areas. Most of UnitedKingfield's offices are located in
communities that can generally be characterized as rural areas, with the
exception of Bangor and Lewiston. The Bangor and Lewiston areas have populations
of approximately 100,000 and 39,000 people, respectively. All UnitedKingfield
offices are located in the State of Maine. Major competitors in these market
areas include local branches of large regional bank affiliates, as well as local
independent banks, thrift institutions and credit unions. Other competitors for
deposits and loans within UnitedKingfield's market area include insurance
companies, money market funds, consumer finance companies and financing
affiliates of consumer durable goods manufacturers.

The Company and its banking subsidiaries generally have been able to compete
effectively with other financial institutions by emphasizing customer service,
including local decision-making, by establishing long-term customer
relationships and building customer loyalty and by providing products and
services designed to address the specific needs of customers. No assurance can
be given, however, that the Company and its banking subsidiaries will continue
to be able to compete effectively with other financial institutions in the
future.

The Company, through its non-bank subsidiaries, Acadia and TCOM, compete for
trust, trust- related, investment management, retirement and pension plan
management services with local banks and non-banks, which may now, or in the
future, offer a similar range of services, as well as with a number of brokerage
firms and investment advisors with offices in the Company's market area. In
addition, most of these services are widely available to the Company's customers
by telephone and over the Internet through firms located outside the Company's
market area.

The Company's Philosophy. The Company is committed to the philosophy of serving
------------------------
the financial needs of customers in local communities. The Company, through CNB
and UnitedKingfield, has branches that are located in small towns within the
Company's geographic market areas. The Company believes that the local needs and
its comprehensive retail and small business products, together with rapid
decision-making at the branch level, enable its

                                     Page 5

<PAGE>

subsidiary banks to compete effectively. No single person or group of persons
provides a material portion of the Company's deposits, the loss of any one or
more of which would have a materially adverse effect on the business of the
Company, and no material portion of the Company's loans are concentrated within
a single industry or group of related industries.

The Company's Growth. The Company had consolidated asset growth of 7.8%, or
--------------------
$78.5 million, during 2001. The primary factor contributing to this growth was
the increase in lending activity at the Company's subsidiary banks. As the
business continued to grow during this past year, each of the Company's
subsidiary banks focused on customer service. The Company's performance-based
compensation program also supported this growth by creating an environment where
employees have a more personal interest in the performance of the Company and
are rewarded for balancing profit with growth and quality with productivity.

The Company's Employees. The Company employs approximately 321 people on a
-----------------------
full-time equivalent basis. The Company's management believes that employee
relations are good, and there are no known disputes between management and
employees.

The Company's Employee Incentives. All Company employees are eligible for
---------------------------------
participation in the Company's Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan and Profit Sharing
Plan, and certain Executive Officers of the Company may also participate in the
Company's 1993 Stock Option Plan and its Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.

In addition, the Company, as successor to KSB, maintains a Bank Recognition and
Retention Plan ("BRRP") as a method of providing certain officers and other
employees of the Company with a proprietary interest in the Company. During
1994, the Company contributed funds to the BRRP to enable certain officers and
employees to acquire, in the aggregate, 56,045 shares of common stock of the
Company. Participants are vested at a rate of 20% per year commencing one year
from the date of the award. All previous awards made under the BRRP will be
vested in 2003. The Company does not intend to make any additional awards under
the BRRP.

Supervision and Regulation. The business in which the Company and its
--------------------------
subsidiaries are engaged is subject to extensive supervision, regulation and
examination by various federal and state bank regulatory agencies, including the
FRB, the OCC, the FDIC and the Superintendent, as well as other governmental
agencies in the states in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate. The
supervision, regulation and examination to which the Company and its
subsidiaries are subject are intended primarily to protect depositors or are
aimed at carrying out broad public policy goals, and not necessarily for the
protection of shareholders.

Some of the more significant statutory and regulatory provisions applicable to
banks and BHCs to which the Company and its subsidiaries are subject are
described more fully below, together with certain statutory and regulatory
matters concerning the Company and its subsidiaries. The description of these
statutory and regulatory provisions does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory or regulatory
provision. Any change in applicable law or regulation may have a material effect
on the Company's business and operations, as well as those of its subsidiaries.
The Company's shareholders generally are not subject to these statutory and
regulatory provisions.

BHCs - Activities and Other Limitations. As a registered BHC and a Maine
financial institution holding company, the Company is subject to regulation
under the BHC Act and Maine law and to examination and supervision by the FRB
and the Superintendent, and is required file reports with, and provide
additional information requested by, the FRB and the Superintendent. The FRB has
the authority to issue orders to BHCs to cease and desist from unsound banking
practices and violations of conditions imposed by, or violations of agreements
with, the FRB. The FRB is also empowered to assess civil money penalties against
companies or individuals that violate the BHC Act or orders or regulations
thereunder, to order termination of non-banking activities of non-banking
subsidiaries of BHCs, and to order termination of ownership and control of a
non-banking subsidiary by a BHC.

                                     Page 6

<PAGE>

Various other laws and regulations, including Sections 23A and 23B of the
Federal Reserve Act, as amended (the "FRA"), generally limit borrowings,
extensions of credit and certain other transactions between the Company and its
non-bank subsidiaries and its affiliate insured depository institutions. Section
23A of the FRA also generally requires that an insured depository institution's
loans to non-bank affiliates be secured in appropriate amounts, and Section 23B
of the FRA generally requires that transactions between an insured depository
institution and its non-bank affiliates be on arm's length terms. These laws and
regulations also limit BHCs and their subsidiaries from engaging in certain
tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, sale or lease of
property, or furnishing of services.

The BHC Act prohibits a BHC from acquiring substantially all the assets of a
bank or acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the
voting shares of any bank, or increasing such ownership or control of any bank,
or merging or consolidating with any BHC without prior FRB approval. Unless a
BHC becomes a financial holding company ("FHC") under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
("GLBA"), as discussed below, the BHC Act also prohibits a BHC from acquiring a
direct or indirect interest in or control of more than 5% of the voting shares
of any company which is not a bank or BHC and from engaging directly or
indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling
banks or furnishing services to its subsidiary banks, except that it may engage
in and may own shares of companies engaged in certain activities the FRB
determined to be so closely related to banking or managing and controlling banks
as to be a proper incident thereto. In addition, Maine law imposes certain
approval and notice requirements with respect to acquisitions of banks and other
entities by a Maine financial institution holding company.

The GLBA established a comprehensive framework to permit affiliations among
commercial banks, insurance companies, securities firms, and other financial
service providers by revising and expanding the BHC Act framework to permit BHCs
that qualify and elect to be treated as FHCs to engage in a range of financial
activities broader than would be permissible for traditional BHCs that have not
elected to be treated as FHCs, such as the Company. "Financial activities" is
broadly defined to include not only banking, insurance, and securities
activities, but also merchant banking and additional activities that the FRB, in
consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines to be financial in
nature, incidental to such financial activities, or complementary activities
that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository
institutions or the financial system generally.

In order to elect to become an FHC, a BHC must meet certain tests and file an
election form with the FRB. To qualify, all of a BHC's subsidiary banks must be
well-capitalized and well-managed, as measured by regulatory guidelines. In
addition, to engage in the new activities, each of the BHC's banks must have
been rated `satisfactory' or better in its most recent federal Community
Reinvestment Act evaluation.

A BHC that elects to be treated as an FHC may face significant consequences if
its banks fail to maintain the required capital and management ratings,
including entering into an agreement with the FRB which imposes limitations on
its operations and may even require divestitures. Such possible ramifications
may limit the ability of a bank subsidiary to significantly expand or acquire
less than well-capitalized and well-managed institutions. The Company has not
elected to become an FHC.

Further, the GLBA permits national banks and state banks, to the extent
permitted under state law to engage in certain new activities which are
permissible for subsidiaries of an FHC. Further, the GLBA expressly preserves
the ability of national banks and state banks to retain all existing
subsidiaries. In order to form a financial subsidiary, a national bank or state
bank must be well-capitalized, and such banks would be subject to certain
capital deduction, risk management and affiliate transaction rules. Also, the
FDIC's final rules governing the establishment of financial subsidiaries adopt
the position that activities that a national bank could only engage in through a
financial subsidiary only may be conducted in a financial subsidiary by a state
nonmember bank. However, activities that a national bank could not engage in
through a financial subsidiary, such as real estate development or investment,
continue to be governed by the FDIC's standard activities rules. Moreover, to
mirror the FRB's actions with respect to state member banks, the final rules
provide that a state bank subsidiary that engages only in activities that the
bank could engage in directly (regardless of the nature of the activities) will
not be deemed to be a financial subsidiary.

                                     Page 7

<PAGE>

Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994. The
Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 generally
authorizes BHCs to acquire banks located in any state, possibly subject to
certain state-imposed age and deposit concentration limits, and also generally
authorizes interstate mergers and to a lesser extent, interstate branching.

Declaration of Dividends. According to its Policy Statement on Cash Dividends
Not Fully Covered by Earnings (the "FRB Dividend Policy"), the FRB considers
adequate capital to be critical to the health of individual banking
organizations and to the safety and stability of the banking system. Of course,
one of the major components of the capital adequacy of a bank or a BHC is the
strength of its earnings and the extent to which its earnings are retained and
added to capital or paid to shareholders in the form of cash dividends.
Accordingly, the FRB Dividend Policy suggests that banks and BHCs generally
should not maintain their existing rate of cash dividends on common stock unless
the organization's net income available to common shareholders over the past
year has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends and the prospective rate of
earnings retention appears consistent with the organization's capital needs,
asset quality and overall financial condition. The FRB Dividend Policy
reiterates the FRB's belief that a BHC should not maintain a level of cash
dividends to its shareholders that places undue pressure on the capital of bank
subsidiaries, or that can be funded only through additional borrowings or other
arrangements that may undermine the BHC's ability to serve as a source of
strength.

Under Maine law, a corporation's board of directors may declare, and the
corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in cash or other
property, generally only out of the corporation's unreserved and unrestricted
earned surplus, or out of the unreserved and unrestricted net earnings of the
current fiscal year and the next preceding fiscal year taken as a single period,
except under certain circumstances, including when the corporation is insolvent
or when the payment of the dividend would render the corporation insolvent or
when the declaration would be contrary to the corporation's charter. These same
limitations generally apply to investor-owned, Maine financial institutions.

Dividend payments by national banks, such as CNB, also are subject to certain
restrictions. For instance, national banks generally may not declare a dividend
in excess of the bank's undivided profits and, absent OCC approval, if the total
amount of dividends declared by the national bank in any calendar year exceeds
the total of the national bank's retained net income of that year to date
combined with its retained net income for the preceding two years. National
banks also are prohibited from declaring or paying any dividend it, after making
the dividend, the national bank would be considered "undercapitalized" (defined
by reference to other OCC regulations).

Federal bank regulatory agencies also have authority to prohibit banking
institutions from paying dividends if those agencies determine that, based on
the financial condition of the bank, such payment would constitute an unsafe or
unsound practice.

Capital Requirements.

         FRB Guidelines. The FRB has adopted capital adequacy guidelines
pursuant to which it assesses the adequacy of capital in examining and
supervising a BHC and in analyzing applications to it under the BHC Act. The
FRB's capital adequacy guidelines apply on a consolidated basis to BHCs with
consolidated assets of $150 million or more; thus, these guidelines apply to the
Company on a consolidated basis.

The FRB's capital adequacy guidelines generally require BHCs to maintain total
capital equal to 8% of total risk-adjusted assets and off-balance sheet items,
with at least one-half of that amount consisting of Tier 1 or core capital and
the remaining amount consisting of Tier 2 or supplementary capital. Tier 1
capital for BHCs generally consists of the sum of common stockholders' equity
and perpetual preferred stock (subject in the case of the latter to limitations
on the kind and amount of such stocks which may be included as Tier 1 capital),
less goodwill and other non-qualifying intangible assets. Tier 2 capital
generally consists of hybrid capital instruments; perpetual preferred stock,
which is not eligible to be included as Tier 1 capital; term subordinated debt
and intermediate-term preferred stock; and, subject to limitations, general
allowances for loan losses. Assets are adjusted under the risk-based guidelines
to take into account different risk characteristics.

                                     Page 8

<PAGE>

In addition to the risk-based capital requirements, the FRB requires BHCs to
maintain a minimum leverage capital ratio of Tier 1 capital (defined by
reference to the risk-based capital guidelines) to total assets of 3.0%. Total
assets for this purpose do not include goodwill and any other intangible assets
and investments that the FRB determines should be deducted from Tier 1 capital.
The FRB has announced that the 3.0% leverage ratio requirement is the minimum
for the strong BHCs without any supervisory, financial or operational weaknesses
or deficiencies or those, which are not experiencing or anticipating significant
growth. All other BHCs are required to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of at
least 4.0%. BHCs with supervisory, financial, operational, or managerial
weaknesses, as well as BHCs that are anticipating or experiencing significant
growth, are expected to maintain capital ratios well above the minimum levels.

         The Company's risk-based capital ratio and leverage ratio currently
are, and its management expects these ratios to remain, in excess of regulatory
requirements.

         OCC and FDIC Guidelines. The OCC and the FDIC each have promulgated
regulations and adopted a statement of policy regarding the capital adequacy of,
respectively, national banks and state-chartered banks that are not members of
the Federal Reserve System. These requirements are substantially similar to
those adopted by the FRB.

         Moreover, the federal banking agencies have promulgated substantially
similar regulations to implement the system of prompt corrective action
established by Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (the
"FDIA"). Under the prompt correction action regulations, a bank generally shall
be deemed to be:

 .    "well capitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or
     greater, has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0% or greater, has a
     leverage ratio of 5.0% or greater and is not subject to any written
     agreement, order, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive;

 .    "adequately capitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0%
     or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.0% or greater, has a
     leverage ratio of 4.0% or greater (3.0% under certain circumstances) and
     does not meet the definition of "well capitalized;"

 .    "undercapitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less
     than 8.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4.0% or a
     leverage ratio that is less than 4.0% (3.0% under certain circumstances);

 .    "significantly undercapitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio
     that is less than 6.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than
     3.0% or a leverage ratio that is less than 3.0%; and

 .    "critically undercapitalized" if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total
     assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%.

         An institution generally must file a written capital restoration plan
which meets specified requirements with an appropriate federal banking agency
within 45 days of the date that the institution receives notice or is deemed to
have notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or
critically undercapitalized. An institution, which is required to submit a
capital restoration plan, must concurrently submit a performance guaranty by
each company that controls the institution. A critically undercapitalized
institution generally is to be placed in conservatorship or receivership within
90 days unless the federal banking agency determines to take such other action
(with the concurrence of the FDIC) that would better protect the deposit
insurance fund.

         Immediately upon becoming undercapitalized, the institution becomes
subject to the provisions of Section 38 of the FDIA, including for example, (i)
restricting payment of capital distributions and management fees, (ii) requiring
that the appropriate federal banking agency monitor the condition of the
institution and its efforts to restore its capital, (iii) requiring submission
of a capital restoration plan, (iv) restricting the growth of the institution's
assets and (v) requiring prior approval of certain expansion proposals.

         At December 31, 2001, each of the Company's subsidiary banks was deemed
to be a well capitalized institution for the above purposes. The federal bank
regulatory agencies may raise capital requirements applicable to banking
organizations beyond current levels. The Company is unable to predict whether
higher capital requirements will be imposed and, if so, at what levels and on
what schedules. Therefore, the Company cannot predict what effect

                                     Page 9

<PAGE>

such higher requirements may have on it. As is discussed above, each of the
Company's subsidiary banks would be required to remain a well-capitalized
institution at all times if the Company elected to be treated as an FHC.

         Information concerning the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to
capital requirements is incorporated by reference from the section entitled
"Capital Resources" and from Note 21, "Regulatory Matters," of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, each in the Company's Annual Report for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2001. U.S. bank regulatory authorities and
international bank supervisory organizations, principally the Basel Committee on
Banking Supervision, currently are considering changes to the risk-based capital
adequacy framework which ultimately could affect the appropriate capital
guidelines.

Activities and Investments of Insured State-Chartered Banks. FDIC insured,
state-chartered banks, such as UnitedKingfield, are also subject to similar
restrictions on their business and activities. Section 24 of the FDIA generally
limits the activities as principal and equity investments of FDIC-insured,
state-chartered banks to those that are permissible to national banks. In 1999,
the FDIC substantially revised its regulations implementing Section 24 of the
FDIA to ease the ability of state-chartered banks to engage in certain
activities not permissible for national banks, and to expedite FDIC review of
bank applications and notices to engage in such activities.

Activities and Investments of National Banking Associations. National banking
associations must comply with the National Bank Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder by the OCC which limit the activities of national banking
associations to those that are deemed to be part of or incidental to the
"business of banking." Activities that are part of or incidental to the business
of banking include taking deposits, borrowing and lending money and discounting
or negotiating paper. Subsidiaries of national banking associations generally
may only engage in activities permissible for the parent national bank.

Other Regulatory Requirements

Customer Information Security. The OCC, the FDIC and other bank regulatory
agencies have published final guidelines establishing standards for safeguarding
nonpublic personal information about customers that implement provisions of the
GLBA (the "Guidelines"). Among other things, the Guidelines require each
financial institution, under the supervision and ongoing oversight of its Board
of Directors or an appropriate committee thereof, to develop, implement and
maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure
the security and confidentiality of customer information, to protect against any
anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information,
and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that
could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer.

Privacy. The OCC, the FDIC and other regulatory agencies have published final
privacy rules pursuant to provisions of the GLBA ("Privacy Rules"). The Privacy
Rules, which govern the treatment of nonpublic personal information about
consumers by financial institutions, require a financial institution to provide
notice to customers (and other consumers in some circumstances) about its
privacy policies and practices, describe the conditions under which a financial
institution may disclose nonpublic personal information to nonaffiliated third
parties, and provide a method for consumers to prevent a financial institution
from disclosing that information to most nonaffiliated third parties by
"opting-out" of that disclosure, subject to certain exceptions.

USA Patriot Act. The USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the "Patriot Act"), designed to
deny terrorists and others the ability to obtain anonymous access to the United
States financial system, has significant implications for depository
institutions, broker-dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of
money. The Patriot Act requires financial institutions to implement additional
policies and procedures with respect to money laundering, suspicious activities,
currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. Implementation of
the Patriot Act's requirements will occur in stages, as rules regarding its
provisions are finalized by government agencies.

Deposit Insurance. The FDIA does not require the FDIC to charge all banks
deposit insurance premiums when the ratio of deposit insurance reserves to
insured deposits is maintained above specified levels. However, as a result of
general economic conditions and recent bank failures, it is possible that the
ratio of deposit insurance reserves to

                                    Page 10

<PAGE>

insured deposits could fall below the minimum ratio that FDIA requires, which
would result in the FDIC setting deposit insurance assessment rates sufficient
to increase deposit insurance reserves to the required ratio. A resumption of
assessments of deposit insurance premiums charged to well capitalized
institutions, such the Company's subsidiary banks, could have an effect on the
Company's net earnings. The Company cannot predict whether the FDIC will be
required increase deposit insurance assessments above their current levels.

Item 2.  Properties

The Company operates in 29 facilities. The headquarters of the Company and the
headquarters and main office of CNB is located at Two Elm Street, Camden, Maine,
and CNB owns these premises. The building has 15,500 square feet of space on
three levels. CNB also owns seven of its branches and the facility in which the
operations departments of the Company are located. None of these owned
facilities is subject to a mortgage. CNB also leases four branches under
long-term leases, which expire in, respectively, August 2006, May 2010, January
2020, and December 2077.

The main office of UnitedKingfield is located at 145 Exchange Street, Bangor,
Maine, and is owned by UnitedKingfield. The building has 25,600 square feet of
space on two levels. UnitedKingfield occupies 16,975 square feet of space on
both floors. TCOM leases 2,100 square feet of office space on the second floor
and 2,042 square feet on the first floor of this building. The law firm of
Russell, Lingley & Silver, P.A., also leases 2,533 square feet on the second
floor. UnitedKingfield also owns 15 of its other facilities, none of which is
subject to a mortgage. UnitedKingfield also leases 2 branches and a parcel of
land, which expire in, respectively, September 2002, February 2003 and August
2009.

Acadia leases its facility at 511 Congress Street, Portland, Maine under a
long-term lease, which expires in October 2005. Acadia leases 18,966 square feet
on the 8/th/ and 9/th/ floors, occupying 11,767 square feet of this office
space. Acadia leases to the Law Office of David Hunt, Actuarial Designs &
Solutions, and Hopkinson & Abbondanza, 3,660 square feet, 2392 square feet, and
1,147 square feet, respectively, of office space on the 8/th/ floor.

Item 3.  Pending Legal Proceedings

There are no material legal matters to which the Company is a party or to which
any of its property is subject; however, the Company is a party to ordinary
routine litigation incidental to its business.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

None.

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholders Matters

The information appearing under the caption "Common Stock Information" on page
21 of the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December
31, 2001 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

Selected year-end financial information for the past five years appearing under
the caption "Selected Five-Year Financial Data" on page 23 of the Company's
Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2001 is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                    Page 11

<PAGE>

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations

This Annual Report, including the information incorporated herein by reference,
contains certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements
under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify
forward-looking statements by the use of the words "believe," "expect,"
"anticipate," "intend," estimate," "assume," "will," "should," and other
expressions which predict or indicate future events or trends and which do not
relate to historical matters. The Company's actual results could differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result
of, among other factors, the factors discussed on page 16 below, changes in
volume of loan originations, fluctuations in prevailing interest rates,
increases in costs to borrowers of loans held, increases in costs of funds, and
changes in assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements. Readers
should carefully review the factors described on page 16 below and should not
place undue reliance on our forward looking statements. The Company assumes no
obligations to update any forward-looking statements.

The information appearing under the caption "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 10 through
21 of the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December
31, 2001 is incorporated herein by reference and should be read in conjunction
with the following text and tables.

The following tables set forth the Company's investment securities at book
carrying amount as of December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  2001             2000              1999
                                                                  ----             ----              ----
                                                                             Dollars in thousands
<S>                                                           <C>              <C>              <C>
Securities available for sale:
-----------------------------
  U.S. Treasury and agency                                    $  61,098        $  58,708        $   65,046
  Mortgage-backed securities                                    139,459           30,117            13,104
  State and political subdivisions                                8,780            7,928            7,520
  Other debt securities                                          41,963           44,467            46,938
  Equity securities                                              11,566           18,095            15,331
                                                               --------        ---------         ---------
                                                                262,866          159,315           147,939
                                                               --------        ---------         ---------

Securities held to maturity:
---------------------------
  U.S. Treasury and agency                                          944              300             5,949
  Mortgage-backed securities                                          -           55,658            60,963
  State and political subdivisions                                    -            1,142             1,152
  Other debt securities                                               -              595               129
                                                               --------        ---------         ---------
                                                                    944           57,695            68,193
                                                               --------        ---------         ---------
                                                               $263,810         $217,010          $216,132
                                                               ========         ========         =========
</TABLE>


To enhance the Company's ability to manage liquidity, the investment portfolio
is divided into two parts: investments available for sale and investments held
to maturity. The ability to use securities as collateral for Federal Home Loan
Bank of Boston ("FHLBB") loans enables the Company to hold a portion of the
portfolio to maturity. The table on the following pages summarizes the
investment portfolios maturities and yields at December 31, 2001.

                                    Page 12

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Available for sale            Held to maturity
                                               ------------------            ----------------
                                            Book            Yield to       Amortized     Yield to
Dollars in thousands                        Value           Maturity          Cost       Maturity
                                            -----           --------          ----       --------
<S>                                      <C>               <C>             <C>           <C>
U.S. Treasury and Agency:
  Due in 1 year or less                  $   8,280           5.625%        $    944        1.612%
  Due in 1 to 5 years                       41,973           6.475%               0        0.000%
  Due in 5 to 10 years                      10,845           6.562%               0        0.000%
  Due after 10 years                             -           0.000%               0        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------
                                            61,098           6.376%             944        1.612%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------

Mortgage-backed securities:
  Due in 1 year or less                         83           8.435%               -        0.000%
  Due in 1 to 5 years                       17,656           6.647%               -        0.000%
  Due in 5 to 10 years                      13,115           6.508%               -        0.000%
  Due after 10 years                       108,605           6.810%               -        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------
                                           139,459           6.762%               -        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------

State and political subdivisions:
  Due in 1 year or less                        372           6.315%               -        0.000%
  Due in 1 to 5 years                        2,967           4.261%               -        0.000%
  Due in 5 to 10 years                       4,840           4.188%               -        0.000%
  Due after 10 years                           601           5.000%               -        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------
                                             8,780           4.358%               -        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------

Other debt securities:
  Due in 1 year or less                          -           0.000%               -        0.000%
  Due in 1 to 5 years                          377           7.788%               -        0.000%
  Due in 5 to 10 years                           -           0.000%               -        0.000%
  Due after 10 years                        41,586           6.574%               -        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------
                                            41,963           6.585%               -        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------

Other equity securities:
  Due in 1 year or less                          -           0.000%               0        0.000%
  Due in 1 to 5 years                        2,043           6.959%               0        0.000%
  Due in 5 to 10 years                           -           0.000%               0        0.000%
  Due after 10 years                         9,523           7.389%               0        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------
                                            11,566           7.313%               0        0.000%
                                         ---------         --------        --------      --------

Total securities                         $ 262,866           6.588%        $    944        1.612%
                                         =========         ========        ========      ========
</TABLE>

Total loans increased by $22.7 million, or 3.2%, in 2001. The following table
provides a summary of the loan portfolio for the past five years. Management
does not foresee any significant changes occurring in the loan mix during the
coming year.

                                    Page 13

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Dollars in thousands

As of December 31,                  2001           2000           1999           1998           1997
                                    ----           ----           ----           ----           ----
<S>                               <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Commercial                        $423,893       $364,169       $316,411       $269,747       $226,981
Residential real estate            204,043        235,554        226,548        202,952        193,327
Consumer                            86,375         90,231         83,832         78,496         50,433
Municipal                            9,234         10,924          8,307         17,199         10,727
Other                                  497            462            336          1,311          1,880
                                  --------       --------       --------       --------       --------
                                  $724,042       $701,340       $635,434       $569,705       $483,348
                                  ========       ========       ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>

Loan demand also affects the Company's liquidity position. However, of the loans
maturing over 1 year, approximately 62% are variable rate loans. The following
table presents the maturities of loans at December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Dollars in thousands                                     Through       More Than
                                           1 Year        5 Years        5 Years         Total
<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Maturity Distribution:
---------------------
 Fixed Rate:
  Commercial                              $ 13,503       $ 50,247       $ 16,872       $ 80,622
  Residential real estate                    2,833          5,123        141,079        149,035
  Consumer                                   3,767         13,361         17,852         34,980

 Variable Rate:
  Commercial                                41,198         48,606        253,467        343,271
  Residential real estate                        3            468         54,537         55,008
  Consumer                                   6,740         10,666         34,486         51,892

 Municipal                                   2,891          4,418          1,925          9,234
                                          --------       --------       --------       --------
                                          $ 70,935       $132,889       $520,218       $724,042
                                          ========       ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>

Management considers both the adequacy of the collateral and the other resources
of the borrower in determining the steps to be taken to collect non-accrual and
charged-off loans. Alternatives considered are foreclosure, collecting on
guarantees, restructuring the loan, or collection lawsuits.

The following table sets forth the amount of the Company's non-performing assets
as of the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Dollars in thousands

As of December 31,                           2001            2000           1999           1998           1997
                                             ----            ----           ----           ----           ----
<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>            <C>
Nonperforming loans:
-------------------
Non-accrual loans                            7,302          4,644          6,135       $  4,078       $  3,305
Accruing loans past due 90 days or more        768          1,844            196            613          1,004
                                          --------       --------       --------       --------       --------
Total nonperforming loans                    8,070          6,488          6,331          4,691          4,309
                                          --------       --------       --------       --------       --------

Other real estate owned                        195            380          1,405          1,052          1,532
                                          --------       --------       --------       --------       --------

Total nonperforming assets                $  8,265       $  6,868       $  7,736       $  5,743       $  5,841
                                          ========       ========       ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>

                                    Page 14

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Ratios:
-------
Nonperforming loans to total loans                          1.14%          0.98%          1.00%          0.82%          0.89%
Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans          167.46%        166.48%        148.32%        172.50%        162.03%
Nonperforming assets to total assets                        0.73%          0.68%          0.83%          0.68%          0.80%
Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming assets         169.24%        157.27%        121.38%        140.90%        119.53%
</TABLE>

The maturity dates of certificates of deposit, including broker certificates of
deposit, in denominations of $100,000 or more are set forth in the following
table. These deposits are generally considered to be more rate sensitive than
other deposits and, therefore, more likely to be withdrawn to obtain higher
yields elsewhere if available.

Dollars in thousands

December 31,                                         2001
                                                     ----

Time remaining until maturity:
   Less than 3 months                           $  24,437
   3 months through 6 months                        9,179
   6 months through 12 months                      15,920
   Over 12 months                                  60,111
                                                ---------
                                                $ 109,647
                                                =========

The dividend payout ratio was 33.90%, 37.17%, 40.90%, 33.74%, and 29.31% for
2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. The average equity to average
assets ratio was 9.44%, 8.55%, 8.71%, 10.05% and 10.07% for 2001, 2000, 1999,
1998 and 1997, respectively.

The borrowings utilized by the Company have primarily been advances from the
FHLBB. In addition, the Company uses Federal Funds, treasury, tax and loan
deposits, and repurchase agreements secured by the United States government or
agency securities. Approximately 15% of all borrowings mature or reprice within
the next 3 months.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding borrowed funds for
the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  At or for the year ended December 31,
Dollars in thousands                               2001           2000           1999
                                                   ----           ----           ----
<S>                                              <C>            <C>            <C>
Average balance outstanding                      $199,615       $198,597       $146,627
Maximum amount outstanding at
  any month-end during the year                   228,414        209,652        173,924
Balance outstanding at end of year                210,843        168,440        173,924
Weighted average interest rate during the year       4.95%          5.87%          4.90%
Weighted average interest rate at end of year        5.04%          6.18%          5.07%
</TABLE>

Interest rate sensitivity or "gap" management involves the maintenance of an
appropriate balance between interest sensitive assets and interest sensitive
liabilities. This reduces interest rate risk exposure while also providing
liquidity to satisfy the cash flow requirements of operations and customers'
fluctuating demands for funds, either in terms of loan requests or deposit
withdrawals. Major fluctuations in net interest income and net earnings could
occur due to imbalances between the amounts of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities, as well as different repricing characteristics.
Gap management seeks to protect earnings by maintaining an appropriate balance
between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in order to
minimize fluctuations in the net interest margin and net earnings in periods of
volatile interest rates.

                                    Page 15

<PAGE>

The following table sets forth the amount of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities outstanding at December 31, 2001, which are
anticipated by the Company, based upon certain assumptions, to reprice or mature
in each of the future time periods shown:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Through      More Than
Dollars in thousands                                *1 Year      5 Years       5 Years       Total
                                                   ---------    ---------     ---------    ---------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
Interest-earning assets:
 Fixed rate loans                                  $  22,994    $  73,149     $ 177,728    $ 273,871
 Variable rate loans                                 450,171            -             -      450,171
Investment securities
 Available for sale                                    8,735       65,016       189,115      262,866
 Held to maturity                                        944            -             -          944
                                                   ---------    ---------     ---------    ---------
Total interest-earning assets                        482,844      138,165       366,843      987,852
                                                   ---------    ---------     ---------    ---------

Interest-bearing liabilities:
Savings accounts                                      20,000            -        68,226       88,226
NOW accounts                                               -            -        95,664       95,664
Money market accounts                                134,333            -             -      134,333
Certificate accounts                                 218,511      126,242         4,430      349,183
Borrowings                                            24,578       88,254        56,000      168,832
                                                   ---------    ---------     ---------    ---------
Total interest-bearing liabilities                   397,422      214,496       224,320      836,238
                                                   ---------    ---------     ---------    ---------

Interest sensitivity gap per period                $  85,422    $ (76,331)    $ 142,523
                                                   =========    =========     =========

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap                $  85,422    $   9,091     $ 151,614
                                                   =========    =========     =========

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap
    as a percentage of total assets                        8%           1%           14%

Cumulative interest-earning assets as a
    percentage of interest-sensitive liabilities         121%         101%          118%
</TABLE>

* Less than

CERTAIN FACTORS AFFECTING FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS

Interest Rate Volatility May Reduce Our Profitability.

The profitability of our banking subsidiaries depends to a large extent upon
their net interest income, which is the difference between their interest income
on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investments, and their interest
expense in interest bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds.

Our net interest income can be affected significantly by changes in market
interest rates. In particular, changes in relative interest rates may reduce our
net interest income as the difference between interest income and interest
expense decreases. As a result, we have adopted asset and liability management
policies to minimize the potential adverse effects of changes in interest rates
on net interest income, primarily by altering the mix and maturity of loans,
investments and funding sources.

However, we cannot assure you that a decrease in interest rates will not
negatively impact our results from operations or financial position. Since
market interest rates may change by differing magnitudes and at different times,
significant changes in interest rates over an extended period of time could
reduce overall net interest income. An increase in interest rates could also
have a negative impact on our results of operations by reducing the ability of
borrowers to repay their current loan obligations, which could not only result
in increased loan defaults, foreclosures and write-offs, but also necessitate
further increases to our allowance for loan losses.

                                    Page 16

<PAGE>

Our Allowance for Loan Losses May Not Be Adequate to Cover Actual Loan Losses.

We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectibility of our loan
portfolio and provide an allowance for potential losses based on a number of
factors. If our assumptions are wrong, our allowance for loan losses may not be
sufficient to cover the losses we actually experience, which would have an
adverse effect on our operating results, and may also cause us to increase the
allowance in the future. Further, our net income would decrease if we had to add
additional amounts to our allowance for loan losses.

Our Loans Are Concentrated in Certain Areas of Maine and Adverse Conditions in
those Markets Could Adversely Affect Our Operations.

We are exposed to real estate and economic factors in the central, southern,
western and midcoast areas of Maine because virtually all of our loan portfolio
is concentrated among borrowers in these markets. Further, because a substantial
portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate in this area, the value
of the associated collateral is also subject to regional real estate market
conditions. Adverse economic, political or business developments or natural
hazards may affect these areas and the ability of property owners in these areas
to make payments of principal and interest on the underlying mortgages. If these
regions experience adverse economic, political or business conditions, we would
likely experience higher rates of loss and delinquency on our mortgage loans
than if our loans were more geographically diverse.

If we do not maintain our historical growth rate, the market price of our common
stock could be adversely affected.

The Company's return on shareholders equity and other measures of profitability,
which affect the market price of our common stock, depend in part on the
Company's continued growth and expansion. Our growth strategy has two principal
components - internal and external growth. Our ability to generate internal
growth is affected by the competitive factors described below as well as by the
primarily rural characteristics and related demographic features of the markets
we serve. Our ability to continue to identify and invest in suitable acquisition
candidates on acceptable terms is crucial to our external growth. In pursuing
acquisition opportunities, we may be in competition with other companies having
similar growth strategies. As a result, we may not be able to identify or
acquire promising acquisition candidates on acceptable terms. Competition for
these acquisitions could result in increased acquisition prices and a diminished
pool of acquisition opportunities. An inability to find suitable acquisition
candidates at reasonable prices could slow our growth rate and have a negative
affect on the market price of our common stock.

We Experience Strong Competition within Our Markets Which May Impact Our
Profitability.

Competition in the banking and financial services industry is strong. In our
market areas, we compete for loans and deposits with local independent banks,
thrift institutions, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit
unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, and brokerage and
investment banking firms operating locally as well as nationally. Many of these
competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than those
of our banking subsidiaries and may offer services that our banking subsidiaries
do not or cannot provide. Our long-term success depends on the ability of our
banking subsidiaries to compete successfully with other financial institutions
in their service areas. Because we maintain a smaller staff and have fewer
financial and other resources than larger institutions with which we compete, we
may be limited in our ability to attract customers. If we are unable to attract
and retain banking customers, we may be unable to continue our loan growth and
our results of operations and financial condition may otherwise be negatively
impacted.

                                    Page 17

<PAGE>

Our Cost of Funds for Banking Operations May Increase as a Result of General
Economic Conditions, Interest Rates and Competitive Pressures.

Our banking subsidiaries have traditionally obtained funds principally through
deposits and through borrowings. As a general matter, deposits are a cheaper
source of funds than borrowings, because interest rates paid for deposits are
typically less than interest rates charged for borrowings. If as a result of
general economic conditions, market interest rates, competitive pressures or
otherwise, the value of deposits at our banking subsidiaries decreases relative
to our overall banking operations, we may have to rely more heavily on
borrowings as a source of funds in the future.

Our Banking Business is Highly Regulated.

Bank holding companies, national banking associations and state-chartered banks
operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to supervision,
regulation and examination by various federal and state bank regulatory
agencies, as well as other governmental agencies in the states in which they
operate. Federal and state laws and regulations govern numerous matters
including changes in the ownership or control of banks and BHCs, maintenance of
adequate capital and the financial condition of a financial institution,
permissible types, amounts and terms of extensions of credit and investments,
permissible non-banking activities, the level of reserves against deposits and
restrictions on dividend payments. The OCC, the FDIC and the Superintendent
possess cease and desist powers to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices
or violations of law by banks subject to their regulation, and the FRB possesses
similar powers with respect to BHCs. These and other restrictions limit the
manner in which the Company and its subsidiaries may conduct business and obtain
financing.

Furthermore, our business is affected not only by general economic conditions,
but also by the economic, fiscal and monetary policies of the United States and
its agencies and regulatory authorities, particularly the FRB. The economic and
fiscal policies of various governmental entities and the monetary policies of
the FRB may affect the interest rates CNB and UnitedKingfield must offer to
attract deposits and the interest rates they must charge on loans, as well as
the manner in which they offer deposits and make loans. These economic, fiscal
and monetary policies have had, and are expected to continue to have,
significant effects on the operating results of depository institutions
generally including CNB and UnitedKingfield.

We Could Be Held Responsible for Environmental Liabilities of Properties We
Acquire Through Foreclosure.

If we are forced to foreclose on a defaulted mortgage loan to recover our
investment we may be subject to environmental liabilities related to the
underlying real property. Hazardous substances or wastes, contaminants,
pollutants or sources thereof may be discovered on properties during our
ownership or after a sale to a third party. The amount of environmental
liability could exceed the value of the real property. There can be no assurance
that we would not be fully liable for the entire cost of any removal and
clean-up on an acquired property, that the cost of removal and clean-up would
not exceed the value of the property or that we could recoup any of the costs
from any third party.

To the Extent that We Acquire Other Companies in the Future, Our Business May Be
Negatively Impacted by Certain Risks Inherent with such Acquisitions

Although we do not have an aggressive acquisition strategy, we have acquired,
and in the future will continue to consider the acquisition of, other banking
companies. To the extent that we acquire other companies in the future, our
business may be negatively impacted by certain risks inherent with such
acquisitions.

These risks include the following:

     .    the risk that the acquired business will not perform in accordance
          with management's expectations;

                                    Page 18

<PAGE>

     .    the risk that difficulties will arise in connection with the
          integration of the operations of the acquired business with the
          operations of our businesses;

     .    the risk that management will divert its attention from other aspects
          of our business;

     .    the risk that we may lose key employees of the acquired business; and

     .    the risks associated with entering into geographic and product markets
          in which we have limited or no direct prior experience.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks

The information required by this item is included on pages 19 through 21 of the
Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2001,
and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The following financial statements and report of independent accountant are
included in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended
December 31, 2001 and are incorporated herein by reference. Page references are
to pages of the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended
December 31, 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        PAGE
                                                                        ----
<S>                                                                     <C>
Consolidated Statements of Condition
     December 31, 2001 and 2000                                           24

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended
     December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999                                     25

Consolidated Statements of Changes in the Shareholders' Equity
     for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999                 26

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
     December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999                                     27

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                              28-47

Report of Independent Public Accountant                                   48
</TABLE>

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
        Financial Disclosure

During the past two years, the Company has not made changes in, and has not had
disagreements with its independent accountant on, accounting and financial
disclosures.

                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
material responsive to such item in the Company's definitive proxy statement
relating to the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") prior to April 30, 2002.

                                    Page 19

<PAGE>

Item 11. Executive Compensation

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
material responsive to such item in the Company's definitive proxy statement
relating to the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to filed with the Commission
prior to April 30, 2002.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
material responsive to such item in the Company's definitive proxy statement
relating to the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to filed with the Commission
prior to April 30, 2002.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
material responsive to such item in the Company's definitive proxy statement
relating to the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to filed with the Commission
prior to April 30, 2002.

                                     PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

  (a) 1.  Index to Financial Statements:

     A list of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and report
of the Company's independent public accountant incorporated herein is included
in Item 8 of this Report.

     2.   Financial Statement Schedules:

     Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or are not
required under the instructions contained in Regulation S-X or because the
information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.

     3.   Exhibits:

(2.1)     Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 27, 1999, by and among
          the Company, Camden Acquisition Subsidiary, Inc., KSB, and Kingfield
          Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form
          8-K filed with the Commission on August 9, 1999).

(3.1)     The Company's Articles of Incorporation, as amended to date
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.i to the Company's Form 10-Q
          filed with the Commission on August 10, 2001).

(3.2)     The Company's Bylaws, as amended to date (incorporated herein by
          reference to Exhibit 3.ii to the Company's Form 10-Q filed with the
          Commission on November 14, 2001).

(10.1)    CNB's 1993 Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to
          Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form S-8 filed with the Commission on
          August 29, 2001 (Commission No. 333-68598)).

(10.2)    Amendment No. 1 to the 1993 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Form S-8 filed with the
          Commission on August 29, 2001 (Commission No. 333-68598)).

(10.3)    Employment Agreement, dated as of May 4, 1999, by and between the
          Company and its Chief Executive

                                    Page 20

<PAGE>

          Officer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the
          Company's Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended June 30, 1999 filed with
          the Commission on November 15, 1999).

(10.4)    KSB's 1993 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by
          reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form S-8 filed with the
          Commission on January 21, 2000 (Commission No. 333-95157)).

(10.5)    Amendment No. 1 to the KSB's 1993 Stock Option Plan (incorporated
          herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Form S-8 filed
          with the Commission on January 21, 2000 (Commission No. 333-95157)).

(10.6)    KSB's 1998 Long-Term Incentive Stock Benefit Plan (incorporated herein
          by reference to Appendix A to KSB's Definitive Proxy Statement filed
          with the Commission on April 15, 1998).

(10.7)    Summary of the Company's Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's
          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 filed with the
          Commission on March 30, 2000).

(10.8)    Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to
          Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December
          31, 2000 filed with the Commission on March 30, 2001).

(10.9)*   Lease agreement for Acadia in Portland, ME.

(10.10)*  Lease Agreement for CNB branch in Portland, Maine.

(13)*     The Company's 2001 Annual Report to Shareholders.

(21)*     Subsidiaries of the Company.

(23)*     Consent of Berry, Dunn, McNeil & Parker relating to the Company's
          financial statements.

_______________________
* Filed herewith

Deemed filed only with respect to those portions thereof incorporated herein by
reference:

     (b) Reports on Form 8-K:

None.

                                    Page 21






<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

CAMDEN NATIONAL CORPORATION

/s/ Robert W. Daigle                                          March 26, 2002
--------------------------------------------------------      ------------------
Robert W. Daigle                                              Date
President and Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<S>                                                             <C>
/s/ Robert W. Daigle                        March 26, 2002        /s/ Gregory A. Dufour             March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------------------------      ---------------------------------------------------
Robert W. Daigle                                  Date          Gregory A. Dufour                         Date
President, Director                                             Senior Vice President-Finance
and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Rendle A. Jones                         March 26, 2002      /s/ Johann Gouws                   March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------------------------      ---------------------------------------------------
Rendle A. Jones                                   Date          Johann Gouws                              Date
Chairman and Director                                           Director

/s/ Robert J. Gagnon                        March 26, 2002      /s/ Richard N. Simoneau            March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------------------------      ---------------------------------------------------
Robert J. Gagnon                                  Date          Richard N. Simoneau                       Date
Director                                                        Director

/s/ Ann W. Bresnahan                        March 26, 2002      /s/ Arthur E. Strout               March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------------------------      ---------------------------------------------------
Ann W. Bresnahan                                  Date          Arthur E. Strout                          Date
Director                                                        Director

/s/ John W. Holmes                          March 26, 2002      /s/ Theodore C. Johanson           March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------------------------      ---------------------------------------------------
John W. Holmes                                    Date          Theodore C. Johanson                      Date
Director                                                        Director

/s/ Winfield F. Robinson                    March 26, 2002      /s/ Ward I. Graffam                March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------------------------      ---------------------------------------------------
Winfield F. Robinson                              Date          Ward I. Graffam                           Date
Director                                                        Director

/s/ Robert J. Campbell                      March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------------------------
Robert J. Campbell                                Date
Director
</TABLE>

                                    Page 22

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
                                  -------------

(2.1)         Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 27, 1999, by and
              among the Company, Camden Acquisition Subsidiary, Inc., KSB, and
              Kingfield Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the
              Company's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 9, 1999).

(3.1)         The Company's Articles of Incorporation, as amended to date
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.i to the Company's Form
              10-Q filed with the Commission on August 10, 2001).

(3.2)         The Company's Bylaws, as amended to date (incorporated herein by
              reference to Exhibit 3.ii to the Company's Form 10-Q filed with
              the Commission on November 14, 2001).

(10.1)        CNB's 1993 Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to
              Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form S-8 filed with the Commission
              on August 29, 2001 (Commission No. 333-68598)).

(10.2)        Amendment No. 1 to the 1993 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
              reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Form S-8 filed with the
              Commission on August 29, 2001 (Commission No. 333-68598)).

(10.3)        Employment Agreement, dated as of May 4, 1999, by and between the
              Company and its Chief Executive Officer (incorporated herein by
              reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Form 10-Q/A for the
              quarter ended June 30, 1999 filed with the Commission on November
              15, 1999).

(10.4)        KSB's 1993 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by
              reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form S-8 filed with the
              Commission on January 21, 2000 (Commission No. 333-95157)).

(10.5)        Amendment No. 1 to the KSB's 1993 Stock Option Plan (incorporated
              herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Form S-8
              filed with the Commission on January 21, 2000 (Commission No.
              333-95157)).

(10.6)        KSB's 1998 Long-Term Incentive Stock Benefit Plan (incorporated
              herein by reference to Appendix A to KSB's Definitive Proxy
              Statement filed with the Commission on April 15, 1998).

(10.7)        Summary of the Company's Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
              (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the
              Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 filed
              with the Commission on March 30, 2000).

(10.8)        Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to
              Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended
              December 31, 2000 filed with the Commission on March 30, 2001).

(10.9)*       Lease agreement for Acadia in Portland, ME.

(10.10)*      Lease Agreement for CNB branch in Portland, Maine.

(13)*         The Company's 2001 Annual Report to Shareholders.

(21)*         Subsidiaries of the Company.

(23)*         Consent of Berry, Dunn, McNeil & Parker relating to the Company's
              financial statements.

                                    Page 23




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
