<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>k1048.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BANNER CORPORATION FORM 10-K
<TEXT>



                              FORM 10-K

                 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                       Washington, D.C.  20549
(Mark One)

[X]   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                 For the fiscal year ended ...... December 31, 2000

[ ]   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
        EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

     For the transition period from                         to
                                     -------------    -----------------

                     Commission File Number    0-26584
                                             -----------

                             Banner Corporation
            ------------------------------------------------------
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              Washington                                91-1691604
     -------------------------------                -------------------
     (State or other jurisdiction of                 (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)                 Identification No.)

             10 S. First Avenue        Walla Walla, Washington  99362
             --------------------------------------------------------
             (Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

                                (509)  527-3636
                            -----------------------
             (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                                     N/A
                      -----------------------------------
             (Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
                        if changed since last report.)

      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

        Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

                   Common Stock $.01 par value per share
                   -------------------------------------
                              (Title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                  Yes   X   No
                                                      -----    -----

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent files pursuant to Item 405
of Regulations S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this form 10-K or any amendment to
this form 10-K.   X
                -----

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant as of February 28, 2001:

                    Common Stock - $198,016,517

The number of shares outstanding of the issuer's classes of common stock as of
February 28, 2001:

          Common Stock, $.01 par value   12,001,001 shares

<PAGE>




                 DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held
April 20, 2001 are incorporated by reference into Part III.


          FIRST WASHINGTON BANCORP, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES

                          Table of Contents
PART I                                                                 Page #

  Item 1.  Business....................................................    3
            General....................................................    3
            Acquisition and Mergers....................................    4
            Lending Activities.........................................    5
            Asset Quality..............................................   14
            Allowance for Loan Losses..................................   17
            Investment Activities......................................   20
            Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds..............   25
            Personnel..................................................   27
            Taxation...................................................   27
            Environmental Regulation...................................   28
            Competition................................................   29
            Regulation.................................................   29
            Management Personnel.......................................   35
  Item 2.  Properties..................................................   36
  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings...........................................   36
  Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.........   36

PART II

  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
           Stockholder Matters.........................................   37
  Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.....................................   38
  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
           Condition and Results of Operation..........................   40
              Comparison of Results of Operations
                 Years ended December 31, vs. 1999.....................   43
                 Nine months ended December 31, 1999 vs. 1998..........   46
                 Years ended March 31, 1999 vs. 1998...................   48
              Market Risk and Asset/ Liability Management..............   54
              Liquidity and Capital Resources..........................   59
              Capital Requirements.....................................   60
              Effect of Inflation and Changing Prices..................   60
  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.................   61
  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountant
           on Accounting and Financial Disclosure......................   61

PART III

  Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant..........   62
  Item 11. Executive Compensation......................................   62
  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
           and Management..............................................   62
  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions .............   62

PART IV
  Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and
           Reports on Form 8-K.........................................   63
           SIGNATURES..................................................   64

                                    2

<PAGE>



PART 1
Item 1 - Business

                              General

Banner Corporation (the Company or BANR), a Washington corporation, is
primarily engaged in the business of planning, directing and coordinating the
business activities of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Banner Bank (BB) and
Banner Bank of Oregon (BBO).  Prior to the consolidation and name change
described in "Consolidation of Banking Operations", which occurred on October
30, 2000, the Company's subsidiaries included First Savings Bank of Washington
(FSBW), Inland Empire Bank (IEB) and Towne Bank (TB) (together, the Banks). As
of December 31, 2000, Banner Bank is a Washington-chartered commercial bank
the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(FDIC) under the Savings Association Insurance Fund (SAIF).  As of December
31, 2000, BB conducted business from its main office in Walla Walla,
Washington, and its 32 branch offices and four loan production offices located
in Washington, Idaho and Oregon.  Banner Bank of Oregon is an Oregon-chartered
commercial bank and its deposits are insured by the FDIC under the Bank
Insurance Fund (BIF).  BBO conducts business from its main office in
Hermiston, Oregon, and its six branch offices and one loan production office
located in northeast Oregon.  Prior to merging with FSBW on October 30, 2000,
TB was a Washington-chartered commercial bank whose deposits were insured by
the FDIC under BIF.  As of October 30, 2000, TB conducted business from seven
full service branches in the Seattle, Washington, metropolitan area.  An
eighth Seattle area office opened in November 2000 following the merger of TB
with FSBW.

The operating results of the Company depend substantially on its net interest
income, which is the difference between interest income on interest-earning
assets, consisting of loans and securities, and interest expense on
interest-bearing liabilities, composed primarily of deposits and borrowings.
Net interest income is a function of the Company's interest rate spread, which
is the difference between the yield earned on interest-earning assets and the
rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, as well as a function of the
average balance of interest-earning assets as compared to the average balance
of interest-bearing liabilities.  The Company's net income also is affected by
provisions for loan losses and the level of its other income, including
deposit service charges, loan servicing fees, and gains and losses on the sale
of loans and securities, as well as its non-interest operating expenses and
income tax provisions.

BB is a community oriented bank which has traditionally offered a wide variety
of deposit products to its retail customers while concentrating its lending
activities on real estate loans.  Lending activities historically have been
focused on the origination of loans secured by one- to four-family residential
dwellings, including significant emphasis on loans for construction of
residential dwellings.  To an increasing extent in recent years, lending
activities also have included the origination of multifamily, commercial real
estate and consumer loans.  BB's primary business has been that of a
traditional banking institution, originating loans for portfolio in its
primary market area.  BB has also been an active participant in the secondary
market, originating residential loans for sale and on occasion acquiring loans
for portfolio.  More recently, BB has begun making non-mortgage commercial and
agribusiness loans to small businesses and farmers. For the past three years
non-mortgage lending, especially commercial lending, has received significant
attention and has become an increasingly important part of BB's operations.
The acquisitions of TB, WSB and SCB have added substantially to the amount of
non-mortgage loans held and being originated by BB.  In addition to loans, BB
has maintained a significant portion of its assets in marketable securities.
The securities portfolio has been weighted toward mortgage-backed securities
secured by one- to four-family residential properties.  This portfolio also
has included a significant amount of tax exempt municipal securities,
primarily issued by entities located in the State of Washington.  In addition
to interest income on loans and investment securities, BB receives other
income from deposit service charges, loan servicing fees and from the sale of
loans and investments. On April 1, 2000, BB opened a new mortgage lending
subsidiary, Community Financial Corporation (CFC), located in the Lake Oswego
area of Portland, Oregon.  CFC is an Oregon corporation and is a wholly owned
subsidiary of BB.  CFC's primary lending activities are in the area of
construction and permanent financing for one- to four-family residential
dwellings.  BB also has a wholly owned subsidiary, Northwest Financial
Corporation, which serves as the trustee under BB's mortgage loan documents
and receives commissions from the sale of annuities.

Prior to being merged into BB, TB was a community oriented commercial bank
chartered in the State of Washington.  TB's lending activities consisted of
granting commercial loans, including commercial real estate, land development
and construction loans, and consumer loans to customers throughout King and
Snohomish counties in western Washington. TB was a "Preferred Lender" with the
Small Business Administration (SBA) and generated SBA guaranteed loans for
portfolio and for resale.  TB also offered a wide variety of deposit products
to its consumer and commercial customers.

BBO is a community oriented commercial bank which historically has offered a
wide variety of deposits and loan products to its consumer and commercial
customers.  Lending activities have included origination of consumer,
commercial, agribusiness and real estate loans.  BBO also has engaged in
mortgage banking activity with respect to residential lending within its local
markets, originating loans for sale generally on a servicing released basis.
Additionally, BBO has maintained a significant portion of its

                                  3

<PAGE>



assets in marketable securities, particularly U.S. Treasury and government
agency securities as well as tax exempt municipal securities issued primarily
by entities located in the State of Oregon.  BBO operates a division, Inland
Financial Services, which offers insurance and brokerage services to its
customers. BBO has two wholly owned subsidiaries: Pioneer American Property
Company, which owns a building that is leased to BBO, and Inland Securities
Corporation, which is currently inactive.

The Company and the Banks are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve
Board (FRB) and the FDIC, the State of Washington Department of Financial
Institutions, Division of Banks (Division), the State of Oregon Department of
Consumer and Business Services and the State of Idaho, Department of Finance.

During May 1999, the Company announced its decision to change its fiscal year
from April 1 through March 31 to January 1 through December 31.  For
discussion and analysis purposes, the year ended December 31, 2000 is compared
to the unaudited year ended December 31, 1999 and the nine months ended
December 31, 1999 are compared to the unaudited nine-month period ended
December 31, 1998.

                      Acquisitions and Mergers

Acquisition of Seaport Citizens Bank:
-------------------------------------
On April 1, 1999, the Company and FSBW (now operating as BB) completed the
acquisition of Seaport Citizens Bank (SCB). FSBW paid $10.1 million in cash
for all the outstanding common shares of SCB, which was headquartered in
Lewiston, Idaho. As a result of the merger of SCB into FSBW, SCB became a
division of FSBW.  The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and
resulted in the recording of $6.1 million of costs in excess of the fair value
of SCB's net assets acquired (goodwill).  Goodwill assets are being amortized
over a 14-year period and resulted in a current charge to earnings of $108,100
per quarter, beginning in the quarter ended June 30, 1999, or $433,000 per
year. Founded in 1979, SCB was a commercial bank which had, before recording
of purchase accounting adjustments, approximately $45 million in total assets,
$41 million in deposits, $27 million in loans, and $4.1 million in
shareholders' equity at March 31, 1999.  SCB operated two full service
branches in Lewiston, Idaho.  SCB's results of operations are included in the
Company's consolidated results of operations and financial statements for all
periods subsequent to April 1, 1999.

Acquisition of Whatcom State Bancorp, Inc.:
-------------------------------------------
On January 1, 1999 the Company completed the acquisition of Whatcom State
Bancorp, Inc.  The Company paid $12.1 million in common stock for all the
outstanding common shares and stock options of Whatcom State Bancorp, Inc.,
which was the holding company for Whatcom State Bank (WSB), headquartered in
Bellingham, Washington.  As a result of the merger of Whatcom State Bancorp,
Inc. into the Company, WSB became a division of FSBW (now operating as BB).
The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and resulted in the recording
of approximately $6.0 million of costs in excess of the fair value of Whatcom
State Bancorp, Inc. net assets acquired (goodwill).  Goodwill assets are being
amortized over a 14-year period resulting in a current charge to earnings of
approximately $105,200 per quarter or $421,000 per year.  Founded in 1980, WSB
was a community commercial bank which had, before recording of purchase
accounting adjustments, approximately $99 million in total assets, $85 million
in deposits, $79 million in loans, and $5.4 million in shareholders' equity at
December 31, 1998.  WSB operated five branches in the Bellingham, Washington,
area Bellingham, Ferndale, Lynden, Blaine and Point Roberts.  WSB's results of
operations are included in the Company's consolidated results of operations
and financial statements for all periods subsequent to January 1, 1999.

Acquisition of Towne Bancorp, Inc.:
-----------------------------------
On April 1, 1998 the Company completed the acquisition of Towne Bancorp, Inc.
The Company paid  $28.2 million in cash and common stock for all of the
outstanding common shares and stock options of Towne Bancorp, Inc., which was
the holding company for Towne Bank (TB), headquartered in Woodinville,
Washington, a Seattle suburb.  As a result of the merger of Towne Bancorp,
Inc. into the Company, TB initially became a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. As noted, TB was subsequently merged with FSBW (now known as BB) on
October 30, 2000.  The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and
resulted in the recording of $19.2 million of costs in excess of the fair
value of Towne Bancorp, Inc. net assets acquired (goodwill).  Goodwill assets
are being amortized over a 14-year period resulting in a current charge to
earnings of $343,800 per quarter or $1,375,000 per year. Founded in 1991, TB
was a community business bank which had, before recording of goodwill,
approximately $146 million in total assets, $134 million in deposits, $120
million in loans and $9.3 million in shareholders' equity at March 31, 1998.

                                    4

<PAGE>


Mortgage Lending Subsidiary:
----------------------------
On April 1, 2000, FSBW (now Banner Bank) opened a new mortgage lending
subsidiary, Community Financial Corporation (CFC), located in the Lake Oswego
area of Portland, Oregon, with John Satterberg as President.  Primary lending
activities for CFC are in the area of construction and permanent financing for
one- to four-family residential dwellings.  CFC, an Oregon corporation,
functions as a wholly owned subsidiary of Banner Bank.  BB has capitalized CFC
with $2 million of equity capital and provides funding support for CFC's
lending operations.

                 Consolidation of Banking Operations

On October 30, 2000 the Company changed its name from First Washington
Bancorp, Inc. (FWWB) to Banner Corporation in conjunction with a consolidation
of banking operations affecting its banking subsidiaries.  Towne Bank merged
with First Savings Bank, First Savings Bank converted from a Washington
state-chartered savings bank to a Washington state-chartered commercial bank,
and First Savings Bank changed its name, along with the names of its
divisions, Whatcom State Bank and Seaport Citizens Bank, to Banner Bank.  At
the same time, Inland Empire Bank changed its name to Banner Bank of Oregon.

The combination was designed to strengthen the Company's commitment to
community banking by more effectively sharing the resources of the existing
subsidiaries, improving operating efficiency and developing a broader regional
brand identity.  Final integration of all data processing into a common system
is scheduled for completion by December 31, 2001.  In light of the new
Gramm-Leach-Bliley financial modernization legislation, the Company chose to
retain a separate charter for Banner Bank of Oregon (formerly IEB) and to
operate two banking subsidiaries.  That recent legislation enacts Federal Home
Loan Bank System reforms that impact community financial institutions.  A
community financial institution is defined as a "member of the Federal Home
Loan Bank (FHLB) System, the deposits of which are insured by the FDIC and
that has average total assets (over the preceding three years) of less than
$500 million."  One provision of the reforms provides community financial
institutions with the ability to obtain long-term FHLB advances to fund small
business, small farm and small agribusiness loans.  In addition, community
financial institutions are able to offer these loans as collateral for such
borrowings. This provision, which represents a change in policy from the
previous requirement that these funds be securitized primarily by residential
mortgage loans, will be available only to community financial institutions.
As an independent subsidiary, Banner Bank of Oregon currently qualifies as a
community financial institution.  Merging BBO into BB would disqualify it and
remove this favorable status.  On the other hand, consolidation of support
operations continues and the Company expects to receive long-term benefits
from the proposed efficiencies.  The Banks use one name, Banner Bank, and are
united under the leadership of an experienced management team.  The same ten
individuals serve as members of the Board of Directors of Banner Corporation
and each of the Banks.

                         Lending Activities

General: The Banks have offered a wide range of loan products to meet the
demands of their customers.  The Banks originate loans for both their own loan
portfolios and for sale in the secondary market. Management's strategy has
been to maintain a significant percentage of assets in these loan portfolios
in loans with more frequent interest rate repricing terms or shorter
maturities than traditional long-term fixed-rate mortgage loans.  As part of
this effort, the Banks have developed a variety of floating or adjustable
interest rate products that correlate closer with the Banks' cost of funds.
However, in response to customer demand, the Banks continue to originate
fixed-rate loans including fixed interest rate mortgage loans with terms up to
30 years. The relative amount of fixed-rate loans and adjustable-rate loans
that can be originated at any time is largely determined by the demand for
each in a competitive environment.

Historically, Banner Bank's primary lending focus has been on the origination
of loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied, one- to four-family
residences and loans for the construction of one- to four-family residences.
BB also has originated, to a lesser degree, consumer, commercial real estate
and multifamily real estate (including construction loans) and land loans.
More recently, BB has begun marketing non-mortgage commercial and agribusiness
loans to small businesses and farmers.  The acquisitions of TB, WSB and SCB
have added significantly to the amount of non-real estate loan activity at BB.
Management expects this type of lending to continue to increase at BB subject
to market conditions.  At December 31, 2000, BB's net loan portfolio totaled
$1.3 billion.

                                    5

<PAGE>



The aggregate amount of loans that BB is permitted to make under applicable
federal regulations to any one borrower, including related entities, is 20% of
the aggregate paid up and unimpaired capital and surplus.  At December 31,
2000, the maximum amount which BB could have lent to any one borrower and the
borrower's related entities was $30.2 million.  At December 31, 2000, BB had
no loans to one borrower with an aggregate outstanding balance in excess of
this amount.  BB had 53 borrowers with total loans outstanding in excess of
$2.0 million at December 31, 2000.  At that date, the largest amount
outstanding to any one borrower and the borrower's related entities totaled
$13.0 million, which consisted of a medical facility located in Bellingham,
Washington other properties and a line of credit and as of December 31, 2000
the loans were performing in accordance with their terms.

Lending activities at Banner Bank of Oregon have included origination of
consumer, commercial, agribusiness and commercial real estate loans.  In
particular, BBO has developed significant expertise and market share with
respect to small business and agricultural loans within its local markets.  In
addition, BBO has originated one- to four-family residential real estate loans
for sale in the secondary market.

At December 31, 2000, BBO's net loan portfolio totaled $166.8 million.  The
aggregate amount of loans that BBO is permitted to make under applicable state
and federal regulations to any one borrower, including related entities, is
15% of the aggregate paid-up and unimpaired capital and surplus.  At December
31, 2000, the maximum amount BBO could have lent to any one borrower and the
borrower's related entities was $3.1 million ($5.0 million if secured by real
estate).  At that date, the largest amount outstanding to any one borrower of
BBO totaled $3.5 million and was secured by an alfalfa grower, real property
and a processing facility located in Hermiston, Oregon.

One- to Four-Family Residential Real Estate Lending:  The Banks originate
loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied, one- to four-family
residences and loans for the construction of one- to four-family residences in
the communities where they have established full service branches.  In
addition, the Banks operate loan production offices in Bellevue, Puyallup, Oak
Harbor and Spokane, Washington.  In April 2000, BB formed a new mortgage
lending subsidiary, CFC, to provide residential and construction lending in
the Portland, Oregon area, complimenting the previous relationship BB has had
with a mortgage loan broker in the Portland area market.  At December 31,
2000, $408.6 million, or 27.5% of the Company's loan portfolio, consisted of
permanent loans on one- to four-family residences.

Historically, BB has originated both fixed-rate loans and adjustable-rate
residential loans for its portfolio. Fixed-rate residential loans generally
have been sold into the secondary market; however, a portion of the fixed-rate
loans originated by BB have been retained in the loan portfolio to meet
asset/liability management objectives.

Historically, BBO has sold most of its residential loan originations into the
secondary market.  Generally BBO has sold loans on a servicing-released basis
such that no revenue is realized by BBO after the sale.

In the loan approval process, the Banks assess the borrower's ability to repay
the loan, the adequacy of the proposed security, the employment stability of
the borrower and the credit worthiness of the borrower.  As part of the loan
application process, qualified independent appraisers inspect and appraise the
security property.  All appraisals are subsequently reviewed by a loan
underwriter and, if necessary, by the Banks' chief appraiser.

The Banks' residential loans are generally underwritten and documented in
accordance with the guidelines established by Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae.
Government insured loans are generally underwritten and documented in
accordance with the guidelines established by the Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) and the Veterans Administration (VA). The Banks' loan
underwriters are approved as underwriters under HUD's delegated underwriter
program.

The Banks and CFC sell whole loans on either a servicing-retained or
servicing-released basis.  All loans are sold without recourse. Occasionally,
the Banks will sell a participation interest in a loan or pool of loans to an
investor.  In these instances, the Banks retain a small percentage of the
loan(s) and pass through a net yield to the investor on the percentage sold.
The decision to hold or sell loans is based on asset/liability management
goals and policies and market conditions.  Recently, BB has sold a significant
portion of its conventional fixed-rate mortgage originations and all of its
government insured loans into the secondary market.  BBO has continued to sell
most of its residential loan originations.

                                    6

<PAGE>



The Banks offer adjustable-rate mortgages (ARMs) at rates and terms
competitive with market conditions. The Banks offer several ARM products which
adjust annually after an initial period ranging from one to five years subject
to a limitation on the annual increase of 1.0% to 2.0% and an overall
limitation of 5.0% to 6.0%.  Certain ARM loans are originated with an option
to convert the loan to a 30-year fixed-rate loan at the then prevailing market
interest rate.  Generally these ARM products utilize the weekly average yield
on one-year U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one
year plus a margin of 2.75% to 3.25%. ARM loans held in the Banks' portfolios
do not permit negative amortization of principal and carry no prepayment
restrictions. The retention of ARM loans in the Banks' loan portfolios can
help reduce the Company's exposure to changes in interest rates. However,
borrower demand for ARM loans versus fixed-rate mortgage loans is a function
of the level of interest rates, the expectations of changes in the level of
interest rates and the difference between the initial interest rates and fees
charged for each type of loan.  In recent years borrower demand for ARM loans
has been limited and the Banks have chosen not to aggressively pursue ARM
loans by offering minimally profitable deeply discounted teaser rates.  As a
result ARM loans have represented only a very small portion of loans
originated during this period.

Generally the Banks' lend up to 95% of the lesser of the appraised value of
the property or purchase price of the property on conventional loans, although
ARM loans are normally restricted to not more than 90%.  Higher loan-to-value
ratios are available on certain government insured programs.  The Banks
generally require private mortgage insurance on residential loans with a
loan-to-value ratio at origination exceeding 80%.

Construction and Land Lending: BB invests a significant proportion of its loan
portfolio in residential construction loans to professional home builders.
This activity has resulted from favorable economic conditions in the
Northwest, lower long-term interest rates and an increased demand for housing
units as a result of the migration of people from other parts of the country
to the Northwest.  To a lesser extent, BB also originates land loans and
construction loans for commercial and multifamily real estate.  BBO also
originates construction and land loans although to a much smaller degree than
BB. At December 31, 2000, construction and land loans totaled $271.3 million,
(including $79.9 million of land or land development loans and $44.4 million
of commercial and multifamily real estate construction loans) or 18.2% of
total loans of the Company.

Construction loans made by the Banks include both those with a sale contract
or permanent loan in place for the finished homes and those for which
purchasers for the finished homes may be identified either during or following
the construction period.  The Banks monitor the number of unsold homes in
their construction loan portfolios, and generally maintain the portfolios so
approximately 25% of their construction loans are secured by homes for which
there is a sale contract in place.

Construction and land lending affords the Banks the opportunity to achieve
higher interest rates and fees with shorter terms to maturity than does
single-family permanent mortgage lending.  Construction and land lending,
however, is generally considered to involve a higher degree of risk than
single-family permanent mortgage lending because of the inherent difficulty in
estimating both a property's value at completion of the project and the
estimated cost of the project.  The nature of these loans is such that they
are generally more difficult to evaluate and monitor.  If the estimate of
construction cost proves to be inaccurate, the Banks may be required to
advance funds beyond the amount originally committed to permit completion of
the project.  If the estimate of value upon completion proves to be
inaccurate, the Banks may be confronted at, or prior to, the maturity of the
loan with a project whose value is insufficient to assure full repayment.
Projects may also be jeopardized by disagreements between borrowers and
builders and by the failure of builders to pay subcontractors.  Loans to
builders to construct homes for which no purchaser has been identified carry
more risk because the payoff for the loan is dependent on the builder's
ability to sell the property prior to the time that the construction loan is
due.  The Banks have sought to address these risks by adhering to strict
underwriting policies, disbursement procedures, and monitoring practices.

The maximum number of speculative loans approved for each builder is based on
a combination of factors, including the financial capacity of the builder, the
market demand for the finished product, and the ratio of sold to unsold
inventory the builder maintains.  The Banks have chosen to diversify the risk
associated with speculative construction lending by doing business with a
large number of smaller builders spread over a relatively large geographic
area.

Loans for the construction of one- to four-family residences are generally
made for a term of 12 months.  The Banks' loan policies include maximum
loan-to-value ratios of up to 80% for speculative loans.  Each individual
speculative loan request is supported by an independent appraisal of the
property and the loan file includes a set of plans, a cost breakdown and a
completed specifications form.  All speculative construction loans must be
approved by senior loan officers.  At December 31, 2000, the Company's
speculative construction portfolio included loans to 324 individual builders
in 110 separate communities.  At December 31, 2000, the Company had 75
builders who, individually, in the aggregate, had construction loans
outstanding with balances exceeding $1.0 million.  The largest builder had two
loans totaling commitments of $12.6 million with $5.2 million outstanding at
December 31, 2000.  The loans were for the construction of an apartment
complex in Everett, Washington and an office complex in Kirkland, Washington
and both loans were current at December 31, 2000.

                                    7

<PAGE>



The Company regularly monitors the construction loan portfolio and the
economic conditions and housing inventory in each of its markets and will
decrease construction lending if it perceives there are unfavorable market
conditions. The Company believes that the internal monitoring system in place
mitigates many of the risks inherent in its construction lending.

To a lesser extent, the Banks make land loans to developers, builders and
individuals to finance the acquisition and/or development of improved lots or
unimproved land.  In making land loans the Banks follow underwriting policies
and disbursement procedures similar to those for construction loans.  The
initial term on land loans is typically one to three years with interest only
payments, payable monthly, and provisions for principal reduction as lots are
sold and released.

Commercial and Multifamily Real Estate Lending: The Banks also originate loans
secured by multifamily and commercial real estate.  At December 31, 2000, the
Company's loan portfolio included $100.7 million in multifamily and $394.0
million in commercial real estate loans (including $44.4 million of commercial
and multifamily real estate construction lending).  Multifamily and commercial
real estate lending affords the Banks an opportunity to receive interest at
rates higher than those generally available from one- to four-family
residential lending. However, loans secured by such properties are generally
greater in amount, more difficult to evaluate and monitor and, therefore,
involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage
loans.  Because payments on loans secured by multifamily and commercial
properties are often dependent on the successful operation and management of
the properties, repayment of such loans may be affected by adverse conditions
in the real estate market or the economy.

In all multifamily and commercial real estate lending, the Banks consider the
location, marketability and overall attractiveness of the properties.  The
Banks' current underwriting guidelines for commercial real estate loans
require an appraisal from a qualified independent appraiser and an economic
analysis of each property with regard to the annual revenue and expenses, debt
service coverage and fair value to determine the maximum loan amount.  In the
approval process the Banks assess the borrowers willingness and ability to
repay and the adequacy of the collateral.

Multifamily and commercial real estate loans originated by the Banks are
predominately fixed rate loans with intermediate terms of ten years. More
recently originated multifamily and commercial loans are linked to various
constant maturity U.S. Treasury indices or certain prime rates. Rates on these
ARM loans generally adjust annually after an initial period ranging from one
to ten years.  Rate adjustments for the more seasoned ARM loans in the
portfolio predominantly reflect changes in the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB)
National Monthly Median Cost of Funds index. The Banks' commercial real estate
portfolios consist of loans on a variety of property types including motels,
nursing homes, office buildings, and mini-warehouses.  Multifamily loans
generally are secured by small to medium sized projects.

At December 31, 2000, the Banks' loan portfolio included 181 multifamily
loans, the average loan balance of which was $556,000.  At December 31, 2000,
the Banks had 97 multifamily or commercial real estate loans with balances
over $1.0 million, the largest of which was a $15.2 million with BB and BBO
being joint participants/lenders.  Most of the properties securing these
multifamily and commercial real estate loans are located in the Northwest;
however, the Company has acquired some participation loans on properties
located in California.

Commercial Lending:  BB and BBO have been very active in small business
lending.  BBO has also been active in agricultural lending; however, BB has
not engaged in agricultural lending to a significant extent.  Historically,
the Company has sold most of its small business administration guaranteed
loans into the secondary market on a servicing retained basis.  BB and BBO's
officers have devoted a great deal of effort to developing customer
relationships and the ability to serve this type of borrower.  It is
management's belief that many very large banks have in the past neglected
small business lending, thus contributing to BB and BBO's success.  BB and BBO
will continue to emphasize this segment of lending in their market areas.
Management intends to leverage their past success and local decision making
ability to continue to expand this market niche.  In addition to providing
higher yielding assets, it is anticipated that this type of lending will
increase the deposit base.  Expanding commercial lending is currently an area
of significant effort at BB.  Following the October 30 consolidation all of
FSBW, TB, WSB and SCB commercial lending operations have been integrated at
BB.

Commercial loans may entail greater risk than do residential mortgage loans.
Commercial loans may be unsecured or secured by special purpose or rapidly
depreciating assets, such as equipment, inventory and receivables which may
not provide an adequate source of repayment on defaulted loans. In addition,
commercial loans are dependent on the borrower's continuing financial strength
and management ability as well as market conditions for various products,
services and commodities.  For these reasons, commercial loans generally
provide higher yields than residential loans but also require more
administrative and management attention.  Interest rates on commercial loans
may be either fixed or adjustable.  Loan terms including the fixed or
adjustable interest rate, the loan maturity and the collateral considerations
vary significantly and are negotiated on an individual loan basis.  At
December 31, 2000, commercial loans totaled $228.7 million, or 15.4% of total
loans of the Company.

                                    8

<PAGE>



The Banks underwrite their commercial business loans on the basis of the
borrower's cash flow and ability to service the debt from earnings rather than
on the basis of the underlying collateral value.  The Banks seek to structure
such loans to have more than one source of repayment.  The borrower is
required to provide the Banks with sufficient information to allow the Banks
to make their lending determination.  In most instances, this information
consists of at least three years of financial statements, tax returns, a
statement of projected cash flows, current financial information on any
guarantor and any additional information on the collateral.  All closely held
business borrowers typically require personal guarantees by the principals.

The Banks commercial business loans may be structured as term loans or as
lines of credit.  Commercial business term loans are generally made to finance
the purchase of fixed assets and have maturities of five years or less.
Commercial business lines of credit are typically made for the purpose of
providing working capital and are usually approved with a term of one year.

Agricultural Lending:  Agriculture is a major industry in BBO's market area as
well as much of BB's Eastern Washington locations.  Subject to market
conditions, the Bank intends to continue to make agricultural loans to
borrowers with a strong capital base, sufficient management depth, proven
ability to operate through agricultural cycles, reliable cash flows and
adequate financial reporting to the bank on a regular basis.  At December 31,
2000 agricultural loans totaled $67.8 million, or 4.6% of the loan portfolio.

Agricultural operating loans generally are made as a percentage of the
borrower's anticipated income to support budgeted operating expenses.  These
loans generally are secured by a blanket lien on all crops, livestock,
equipment, accounts and products and proceeds thereof.  In the case of crops,
consideration is given to projected yields and prices from each commodity.
The interest rate is normally fully floating based on the prime rate as
published in the Wall Street journal, plus a negotiated margin of up to 2%.
Because such loans are made to finance a farm or ranch's annual operations,
they are written on a one-year review and renewable basis.  The renewal is
dependent upon prior year's performance and the forthcoming year's projections
as well as overall financial strength of the borrower.  The Bank carefully
monitors these loans and prepares monthly variance reports on income and
expenses.  To meet the seasonal operating needs of a farm, borrowers may
qualify for single payment notes, revolving lines of credit and/or
non-revolving lines of credit.

In underwriting agricultural operating loans, the Banks considers the cash
flow of the borrower based upon the expected income stream as well as the
value of collateral used to secure the loans. Collateral generally consists of
cattle or cash crops produced by the farm, such as grains, grass seed, peas,
sugar beets, mint, onions, potatoes, corn and alfalfa.  In addition to
considering cash flow and obtaining a blanket security interest in the farm's
cash crop, the Banks may also collateralize an operating loan with the farm's
operating equipment, breeding stock, real estate, and federal agricultural
program payments to the borrower.

The Banks also originate loans to finance the purchase of farm equipment and
will continue to pursue this type of lending in the future.  Loans to purchase
farm equipment are made for terms of up to seven years.  Agricultural real
estate loans primarily are secured by first liens on farmland and improvements
thereon located in the Bank's market area, to service the needs of the Bank's
existing customers.  Loans are generally written in amounts up to 50% to 75%
of the tax assessed or appraised value of the property at terms ranging from
10 to 20 years.  Such loans have interest rates that generally adjust at least
every five years based typically upon a Treasury Index plus a negotiated
margin.  Fixed rate loans are granted on terms generally not to exceed five
years with rates established at inception based on margins set above the
current five year Treasury Note or another generally accepted index.  In
originating an agricultural real estate loans, the Bank's consider the debt
service converge of the borrowers' cash flow, the appraised value of the
underlying property, the experience and knowledge of the borrower, and the
borrower's past performance with the Bank's and/or market area.

Payments on an agricultural real estate loans depend, to a large degree, on
the results of operation of the related farm entity.  The repayment is also
subject to bother economic and weather conditions as well as market prices for
agricultural products, which can be highly volatile at times.  Such loans are
not made to start up businesses but are generally reserved for profitable
operations with substantial equity and proven history.

Among the greatest and more common risks to agricultural lending can be
weather conditions and disease.  This risk can be mitigated through
multi-peril crop insurance.  Commodity prices also present a risk, which may
be reduced by the use of set price contracts.  Required beginning and
projected operating margins provide for reasonable reserves to offset
unexpected yield and price deficiencies.

In addition to the above mentioned risks, the Bank's also consider management
succession, life insurance and business continuation plans.

                                    9

<PAGE>



Consumer and Other Lending:  The Banks originate a variety of consumer loans,
including secured second mortgage loans, automobile loans and loans secured by
deposit accounts.  Consumer and other lending has traditionally been a small
part of BB's business.  However, recent efforts at BB have led to a modest
increase in consumer loans primarily to its existing customer base.  BBO, on
the other hand, has been an active originator of consumer loans. At December
31, 2000, the Company had $60.4 million, or 4.1% of its loans receivable, in
outstanding consumer and other loans.

Similar to commercial loans, consumer loans often entail greater risk than do
residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans which
are unsecured or secured by rapidly depreciating assets such as automobiles.
In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may
not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance as
a result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss or depreciation.  The
remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection
efforts against the borrower beyond obtaining a deficiency judgment.  In
addition, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower's continuing
financial stability, and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job
loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy.  Furthermore, the application
of various federal and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and
insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans.
Such loans may also give rise to claims and defenses by a consumer loan
borrower against an assignee of such loans such as the Banks, and a borrower
may be able to assert against such assignee claims and defenses that it has
against the seller of the underlying collateral.

Loan Solicitation and Processing:  The Banks originate real estate loans by
direct solicitation of real estate brokers, builders, depositors, and walk-in
customers.  Loan applications are taken by the Banks' loan officers and are
processed in each branch location.  Most underwriting and all audit functions
are performed by loan administration personnel at central locations.
Applications for fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages on one- to
four-family properties are generally underwritten and closed based on Freddie
Mac/Fannie Mae standards, and other loan applications are underwritten and
closed based on the Banks' own written guidelines.

Commercial and agricultural loans are solicited by loan officers of each Bank
by means of call programs focused on local businesses and farmers.  While
commercial loan officers are delegated reasonable commitment authority based
upon their qualifications, credit decisions on significant commercial and
agricultural loans are made by senior loan officers or in certain instances by
the Board of Directors of each Bank or the Company.

Consumer loans are originated through various marketing efforts directed
primarily toward existing deposit and loan customers of the Banks.  Consumer
loan applications may be processed at branch locations or by administrative
personnel at the Banks' main offices.

Loan Originations, Sales and Purchases

While the Banks originate a variety of loans, their ability to originate loans
and their ability to originate each type of loan is dependent upon the
relative customer demand and competition in each market.  For the year ended
December 31, 2000, the nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the year ended
March 31, 1999, the Banks originated and disbursed $880.8 million, $759.6
million and $717.0 million of loans, respectively.  The Company's net loan
portfolio grew $163.6 million or 12.5% during the year ended December 31, 2000
compared to $205.5 million of growth during the nine months ended December 31,
1999 ($178.5 million excluding acquisitions) and $345.8 million of growth in
the year ended March 31, 1999 ($146.4 million excluding acquisitions).

                                    10
<PAGE>

In recent years prior to 1996 the Company generally sold most of its 30-year
fixed-rate one- to four-family residential mortgage loans to secondary market
purchasers.  For the years ended March 31, 1996 and 1997 the Company sold a
smaller portion of its fixed-rate loan originations choosing to retain loans
in response to its capital deployment and growth objectives.  Beginning in the
second half of fiscal year 1998 the Company increased the amount of new
fixed-rate residential loans sold as part of its interest rate risk management
strategy.  Proceeds from sales of loans by the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2000, nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the year ended
March 31, 1999 totaled $135.7 million, $99.3 million and $127.5 million,
respectively.

Sales of whole loans generally are beneficial to the Company since these sales
may generate income at the time of sale, provide funds for additional lending
and other investments and increase liquidity.  The Company sells loans on both
a servicing-retained and a servicing-released basis.  See "Loan Servicing Loan
Servicing Portfolio." At December 31, 2000, the Company had $7.9 million in
loans held for sale.

The Banks purchase whole loans and loan participation interests primarily
during periods of reduced loan demand in their primary market.  Any such
purchases are made consistent with the Banks' underwriting standards; however,
the loans may be located outside of the Banks' normal lending area. During the
year ended December 31, 2000 the nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the
year ended March 31, 1999, the Company purchased $12.0 million, $13.2 million
and $86.2 million, respectively, of loans and loan participation interests.

                                    11

<PAGE>




<TABLE>

Loan Portfolio Analysis.  The following table sets forth the composition of the Company's loan portfolio
(including loans held for sale) by type of loan as of the dates indicated.


                               December 31                                   March 31
                   -----------------------------------  ------------------------------------------------
                         2000               1999             1999             1998            1997
                   ---------------- ------------------  ---------------  ---------------  ---------------
                   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent  Amount  Percent  Amount  Percent  Amount  Percent
                   ------   -------   ------   -------  ------  -------  ------  -------  ------  -------
                                                   (Dollars in thousands)

<S>              <C>        <C>    <C>         <C>    <C>        <C>     <C>       <C>     <C>    <C>
Type of Loan:
Secured by real
 estate:
  One- to four-
   family       $ 408,613  27.48% $ 419,132  31.71% $  389,468  34.93% $ 408,766  53.45% $ 380,00 858.23%
  Commercial      366,071  24.62    330,258  24.99     265,393  23.80    108,123  14.14    75,337  11.54
  Multifamily      84,282   5.67     66,287   5.02      54,053   4.85     58,598   7.66    51,973   7.96
  Construction
   and land       271,273  18.24    194,625  14.73     165,270  14.82     90,775  11.87    72,308  11.08
Commercial        228,676  15.38    194,817  14.74     149,569  13.42     30,579   4.00    21,236   3.25
Agribusiness       67,809   4.56     55,052   4.17      46,839   4.20     37,102   4.85    26,675   4.09
Consumer, credit
 card and other    60,359   4.05     61,534   4.64      44,338   3.98     30,831   4.03    25,092   3.85
                --------- ------  ---------  ------  --------- ------    ------- ------   ------- ------
   Total loans  1,487,083 100.00% 1,321,705  100.00% 1,114,930 100.00%   764,774 100.00%  652,629 100.00%
                          ======             ======            ======            ======           ======

Less allowance
 for loan losses  (15,314)          (13,541)           (12,261)           (7,857)          (6,748)
                ---------         ---------          ---------           -------          -------
Total net
 loans at end
 of period     $1,471,769        $1,308,164         $1,102,669          $756,917         $645,881
               ==========        ==========         ==========          ========         ========
</TABLE>

                                                             12
<PAGE>




<TABLE>

Loan Maturity and Repricing

The following table sets forth certain information at December 31, 2000 regarding the dollar amount of loans
maturing in the Company's portfolio based on their contractual terms to maturity, but does not include
scheduled payments or potential prepayments.  Demand loans, loans having no stated schedule of repayments
and no stated maturity, and overdrafts are reported as due in one year or less.  Loan balances are net of
loans in progress (undisbursed loan proceeds), unamortized premiums and discounts, and exclude the allowance
for loan losses (in thousands):

                                                  Maturing   Maturing   Maturing
                                       Maturing   within     within     within     Maturing
                                       Within     1 to 3     3 to 5     5 to 10    Beyond
                                       One Year   Years      Years      Years      10 Years      Total
                                       --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   ----------
<S>                                    <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
One- to four-family real estate loans  $  8,506   $  5,204   $  5,221  $ 24,166    $365,516   $  408,613
Commercial/multifamily real estate loans 46,590     57,484     58,265   197,643      90,371      450,353
Construction/land                       171,564     31,314     52,345     8,883       7,167      271,273
Commercial/agriculture business         179,265     31,089     43,632    34,334       8,165      296,485
Consumer, credit card and other          18,167     10,018     15,050     6,069      11,055       60,359
                                       --------   --------   --------  --------    --------   ----------

     Total loans                       $424,092   $135,109   $174,513  $271,095    $482,274   $1,487,083
                                       ========   ========   ========  ========    ========   ==========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>

Contractual maturities of loans do not reflect the actual life of such assets.  The average life of loans is
substantially less than their contractual maturities because of scheduled principal repayments and
prepayments.  In addition, due-on-sale clauses on loans generally give the Company the right to declare
loans immediately due and payable in the event that the borrower sells the real property subject to the
mortgage and the loan is not repaid.  The average life of mortgage loans tends to increase, however, when
current mortgage loan market rates are substantially higher than rates on existing mortgage loans and,
conversely, decreases when rates on existing mortgage loans are substantially higher than current mortgage
loan market rates.

The following table sets forth the dollar amount of all loans due after December 31, 2001, which have fixed
interest rates and floating or adjustable interest rates (in thousands).

                                               Fixed       Floating or
                                               Rates     Adjustable Rates     Total
                                               -----     ----------------     -----
<S>                                          <C>             <C>            <C>
One- to four-family real estate loans          $319,401      $ 80,706        $400,107
Commercial/multifamily real estate loans        219,663       184,100         403,763
Construction/land                                16,909        82,800          99,709
Commercial/agriculture business                  67,693        49,527         117,220
Consumer, credit card and other                  38,245         3,947          42,192
                                               --------      --------      ----------

     Total                                     $661,911      $401,080      $1,062,991
                                               ========      ========      ==========
</TABLE>

                                                     13

<PAGE>



Loan Servicing

General: The Banks receive fees from a variety of institutional owners in
return for performing the traditional services of collecting individual
payments and managing portfolios of sold loans.  At December 31, 2000, the
Banks were servicing $284.6 million of loans for others.  Loan servicing
includes processing payments, accounting for loan funds and collecting and
paying real estate taxes, hazard insurance and other loan-related items such
as private mortgage insurance.  When the Banks receive the gross loan payment
from individual borrowers, they remit to the investor a predetermined net
amount based on the yield on that loan.  The difference between the coupon on
the underlying loan and the predetermined net amount paid to the investor is
the gross loan servicing fee.  In addition, the Banks retain certain amounts
in escrow for the benefit of the lender for which the Banks incur no interest
expense but are able to invest the funds into earning assets.  At December 31,
2000, the Banks held $2.5 million in escrow for their portfolios of loans
serviced for others.

Loan Servicing Portfolio:  The loan servicing portfolio at December 31, 2000
was composed primarily of $18.6 million of Fannie Mae mortgage loans and
$203.4 million of Freddie Mac mortgage loans.  The remaining balance of the
loan servicing portfolio at December 31, 2000, consisted of loans serviced for
a variety of private investors.  At December 31, 2000, the portfolio included
loans secured by property located primarily in the states of Washington or
Oregon.  For the year ended December 31, 2000, $1.1 million of loan servicing
fees, net of $251,000 of servicing rights amortization, were recognized in
operations.

Mortgage Servicing Rights:  In addition to the origination of mortgage
servicing rights (MSRs) on the loans that BANR originates and sells in the
secondary market on a servicing retained basis, BANR has also purchased
mortgage-servicing rights. The cost of MSRs is capitalized and amortized in
proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing
income. For the year ended December 31, 2000, the nine months ending December
31, 1999 and the year ending March 31, 1999, BANR capitalized $395,000,
$128,000 and $981,000, respectively, of MSRs relating to loans sold with
servicing retained.  No MSRs were purchased in the year ended December 31,
2000, the nine months ending December 31, 1999 and the fiscal year ended March
31, 1999. Amortization of MSRs for the year ended December 31, 2000, the nine
months ended December 31, 1999 and the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 was
$251,000, $215,000 and $277,000, respectively.  Management periodically
evaluates the estimates and assumptions used to determine the carrying values
of MSRs and the amortization of MSRs.  These carrying values are adjusted when
the valuation indicates the carrying value is impaired.  At December 31, 2000,
MSRs were carried by BANR at a value, net of amortization, of $1,728,000, and
no valuation allowance for impairment was considered necessary.  MSRs
generally are adversely affected by current and anticipated prepayments
resulting from decreasing interest rates.

                            Asset Quality

Each Bank's asset classification committee meets at least monthly to review
all classified assets, to approve action plans developed to resolve the
problems associated with the assets and to review recommendations for new
classifications, any changes in classifications and recommendations for
reserves.  The committee reports to the Board of Directors quarterly as to the
current status of classified assets and action taken in the preceding quarter.

State and Federal regulations require that the Banks review and classify their
problem assets on a regular basis.  In addition, in connection with
examinations of insured institutions, state and federal examiners have
authority to identify problem assets and, if appropriate, require them to be
classified.  There are three classifications for problem assets:  substandard,
doubtful and loss. Substandard assets must have one or more defined weaknesses
and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured institution
will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Doubtful assets
have the weaknesses of substandard assets with the additional characteristic
that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of
currently existing facts, conditions and values questionable, and there is a
significant possibility of loss.  An asset classified loss is considered
uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as an asset of the
institution is not warranted.  The regulations have also created a special
mention category, described as assets which do not currently expose an insured
institution to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant classification but do
possess credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses deserving management's
close attention.  If an asset or portion thereof is classified loss, the
insured institution establishes specific allowances for loan losses for the
full amount of the portion of the asset classified loss.  A portion of general
loan loss allowances established to cover possible losses related to assets
classified substandard or doubtful may be included in determining an
institution's regulatory capital, while specific valuation allowances for loan
losses generally do not qualify as regulatory capital.


                                    14

<PAGE>



At December 31, 2000 and 1999 and March 31, 1999, the aggregate amounts of the
Banks' classified assets (as determined by the
Banks) were as follows (in thousands):

                                December 31             At March 31
                            2000           1999             1999
                            ----           ----             ----

Loss                    $     --       $     --         $     60
Doubtful                      61             --               58
Substandard assets        12,166          6,637            8,302
Special mention            9,936          1,762            3,008

Non-performing Assets and Delinquencies.

Real Estate Loans:  When a borrower fails to make a required payment when due,
the Banks follow established collection procedures. The first notice is mailed
to the borrower within 10 to 17 days after the payment due date and attempts
to contact the borrower by telephone begin within five to ten days after the
late notice is mailed to the borrower.  If the loan is not brought current by
30 days after the payment due date, the Banks will mail a second written
notice to the borrower.  If a satisfactory response is not obtained,
continuous follow-up contacts are attempted until the loan has been brought
current.  Generally, for residential loans within 30 to 45 days into the
delinquency procedure, the Banks notify the borrower that home ownership
counseling is available.  In most cases, delinquencies are cured promptly;
however, if after 90 days of delinquency no response has been received nor an
approved reinstatement plan established, foreclosure according to the terms of
the security instrument and applicable law is initiated. Interest income on
loans after 90 days of delinquency is no longer accrued and the full amount of
accrued and uncollected interest is reversed.

Commercial/Agricultural and Consumer Loans:   When a borrower fails to make
payments as required, a late notice is sent to the borrower.  If payment is
still not made the responsible loan officer is advised and contact is made by
telephone or letter. Continuous follow-up contacts are attempted until the
loan has been brought current.  Generally, if the loan is not current within
45 to 60 days, action is initiated to take possession of the security.  A
small claims or lawsuit is normally filed on unsecured loans or deficiency
balances at 90 to 120 days.  Loans over 90 days delinquent, repossessions,
loans in foreclosure and bankruptcy no longer accrue interest unless a
satisfactory repayment plan has been agreed upon, the loan is a full recourse
contract or fully secured by a deposit account.


                                    15

<PAGE>



The following table sets forth information with respect to the Banks'
non-performing assets and restructured loans within the meaning
of SFAS No. 15, Accounting by Debtors and Creditors for Troubled Debt
Restructuring, at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands).

                                         At
                                     December 31           At March 31
                                   --------------     ----------------------
                                    2000     1999     1999     1998     1997
                                    ----     ----     ----     ----     ----
Nonaccrual loans:
  Loans secured by real estate:
   One- to four-family           $   873   $  623   $3,564   $  448   $1,644
   Commercial                      1,741      129      351       --      187
   Multifamily                        --       --       --       --       --
   Construction/land               2,937    2,514      767      367       --
  Commercial business              1,734    1,203    1,392      410      206
  Agricultural business              529       --       47        4       --
  Consumer, credit card and other     18        9       17       41       45
                                 -------   ------   ------   ------   ------
    Total loans outstanding        7,832    4,478    6,138    1,270    2,082
                                 -------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Loans more than 90 days delinquent,
 still on accrual:
  Loans secured by real estate:
   One- to four family real           20      155       20       52       --
   Commercial                         --       --      384       33       --
   Multifamily                        --       --       --       --       --
   Construction/land                  --       --       --       32       --
  Commercial business                  1       25       --       --       --
  Agricultural business              467      334    1,052       --       --
  Consumer, credit card and other     54       79       82       33       30
                                 -------   ------   ------   ------   ------
    Total loans outstanding          542      593    1,538      150       30
                                 -------   ------   ------   ------   -----

  Total non-performing loans       8,374    5,071    7,676    1,420    2,112

Real estate/repossessed assets
 held for sale                     3,287    3,576    1,644      882    1,057
                                 -------   ------   ------   ------   ------
   Total non-performing assets   $11,661   $8,647   $9,320   $2,302   $3,169
                                 =======   ======   ======   ======   ======

Restructured loans (1)           $   337   $  369   $  380   $  305   $  238

Total non-performing loans to
 net loans before allowance
 for loan losses                    0.56%    0.38%    0.69%    0.19%    0.32%
Total non-performing loans to
 total assets                       0.42%    0.28%    0.47%    0.12%    0.21%
Total non-performing assets to
 total assets                       0.59%    0.48%    0.57%    0.20%    0.31%

(1)  These loans are performing under their restructured terms but are
classified substandard.

For the year ended December 31, 2000, $510,000 in interest income would have
been recorded had nonaccrual loans been current, and no interest income on
such loans was included in net income for such period.

Real Estate/Repossessed Assets, Held for Sale:  Real estate acquired by the
Company as a result of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is
classified as real estate held for sale until it is sold.  When property is
acquired it is recorded at the lower of its cost (the unpaid principal balance
of the related loan plus foreclosure costs), or net realizable value.
Subsequent to foreclosure, the property is carried at the lower of the
foreclosed amount or net realizable value.  Upon receipt of a new appraisal
and market analysis, the carrying value is written down through the
establishment of a specific reserve to the anticipated sales price less
selling and holding costs.  At December 31, 2000, the Company had $3.3 million
of real estate owned and no other repossessed assets.

                                    16

<PAGE>



                       Allowance for Loan Losses

General: In originating loans, the Banks recognize that losses will be
experienced and that the risk of loss will vary with, among other things, the
type of loan being made, the credit worthiness of the borrower over the term
of the loan, general economic conditions and, in the case of a secured loan,
the quality of the security for the loan. As a result, the Banks maintain an
allowance for loan losses consistent with the generally acceptable accounting
principles (GAAP) guidelines outlined in SFAS No. 5, Accounting for
Contingencies.  The Banks have established systematic methodologies for the
determination of the adequacy of their allowance for loan losses.  The
methodologies are set forth in a formal policy and take into consideration the
need for an overall general valuation allowance as well as specific allowances
that are tied to individual problem loans. The Banks increase their allowance
for loan losses by charging provisions for possible loan losses against the
Banks' income.

On April 1, 1995, the Company and its subsidiary Banks adopted SFAS No. 114,
Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan, and SFAS No. 118, Accounting
by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan - Income Recognition and Disclosures, an
amendment of SFAS No. 114.  These statements require that impaired loans that
are within their scope be measured based on the present value of expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or, as a
practical expedient, at the loan's observable market price or the fair value
of collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.  Subsequent changes in the
measurement of impaired loans shall be included within the provision for loan
losses in the same manner in which impairment initially was recognized or as a
reduction in the provision that would otherwise be reported. As of December
31, 2000, the Company and its subsidiary Banks had identified $3.9 million of
impaired loans as defined by the statement and had established $133,000 of
specific reserves for these loans. The statements also apply to all loans that
are restructured in a troubled debt restructuring, subsequent to the adoption
of SFAS No. 114, as defined by SFAS No. 15.  A troubled debt restructuring is
a restructuring in which the creditor grants a concession to the borrower that
it would not otherwise consider.  At December 31, 2000, the Company had
$337,000 of restructured loans that, though performing, were classified
substandard.

The allowance for losses on loans is maintained at a level sufficient to
provide for estimated losses based on evaluating known and inherent risks in
the loan portfolio and upon management's continuing analysis of the factors
underlying the quality of the loan portfolio. These factors include changes in
the size and composition of the loan portfolio, delinquency rates, actual loan
loss experience, current economic conditions, detailed analysis of individual
loans for which full collectibility may not be assured, and determination of
the existence and realizable value of the collateral and guarantees securing
the loans.  Additions to these allowances are charged to earnings. Realized
losses and charge-offs that are related to specific loans are applied as a
reduction of the carrying value of the assets and charged immediately against
the allowance for losses. Recoveries on previously charged off loans are
credited to the allowance. The reserve is based upon factors and trends
identified by management at the time financial statements are prepared.  The
Company's methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance
consists of several key elements, which include specific allowances, an
allocated formula allowance, and an unallocated allowance. Losses on specific
loans are provided for when the losses are probable and estimable. The formula
allowance is calculated by applying loss factors to outstanding loans,
excluding loans with specific allowances.  Loss factors are based on the
Company's historical loss experience adjusted for significant factors
including the experience of other banking organizations that, in management's
judgment, affect the collectibility of the portfolio as of the evaluation
date. The unallocated allowance is based upon management's evaluation of
various factors that are not directly measured in the determination of the
formula and specific allowances. Although management uses the best information
available, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary due to
economic, operating, regulatory and other conditions beyond the Banks'
control.

At December 31, 2000, the Company had an allowance for loan losses of $15.3
million which represented 1.03% of net loans and 183% of non-performing loans
compared to 1.02% and 267%, respectively, at December 31, 1999. The increase
in the provision for losses reflects the amount required to maintain the
allowance for losses at an appropriate level based upon management's
evaluation of the adequacy of general and specific loss reserves.  The higher
provision in the current year reflects changes in the portfolio mix and a
higher level of non-performing loans, although the amount of net charge-offs
declined modestly from that which occurred in the prior year.  Net charge-offs
decreased from $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, to $920,000
for the year ended December 31, 2000.  Non-performing loans increased to $8.4
million at December 31, 2000, compared to $5.1 million at December 31, 1999.
A comparison of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2000 and 1999
shows an increase of $1.8 million to $15.3 million at December 31, 2000 from
$13.5 million at December 31, 1999 (see Notes 7 and 8 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for further analysis of the loan portfolio mix and
allowance for loan losses).

                                    17

<PAGE>



While the Company believes that the Banks have established their existing
allowance for loan losses in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (GAAP), there can be no assurance that regulators, in reviewing the
Banks' loan portfolio, will not request the Banks to increase significantly
their allowance for loan losses.  In addition, because future events affecting
borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can be no
assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate or that
substantial increases will not be necessary should the quality of any loans
deteriorate as a result of the factors discussed above.  Any material increase
in the allowance for loan losses may adversely affect the Company's financial
condition and results of operations.

The following table sets forth an analysis of the Company's gross allowance
for possible loan losses for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands).

                                       Nine Months
                         Year Ended       Ended
                         December 31   December 31    Years Ended March 31
                         -----------   -----------  ------------------------
                             2000         1999      1999      1998      1997
                             ----         ----      ----      ----      ----

Balance, beginning
 of period               $ 13,541      $12,261   $ 7,857   $ 6,748   $ 4,051
Allowances added
 through business
 combinations                  --          477     2,693        --     1,416
Sale of credit card
 portfolio                   (174)          --        --        --        --
Provision                   2,867        1,885     2,841     1,628     1,423

Recoveries of loans
previously charged off:
 Secured by real estate:
  One- to four-family           2           --        --         6        38
  Commercial                    2            1        60        29        --
  Multifamily                  --           --        --        --        --
  Construction and land        --           --        --        --        --
 Commercial business           40          450       143        --        --
 Agricultural business          1            6         1        --        --
 Consumer, credit card
  and other                    66           11        21        16        16
                           ------       ------    ------    ------    ------
                              111          468       225        51        54
                           ------       ------    ------    ------    ------
Loans charged off:
 Secured by real estate
  One- to four-family         (90)        (532)      (25)     (359)     (127)
  Commercial                  (31)          --       (35)        -        --
  Multifamily                  --           --        --        --        --
  Construction and land       (12)         (24)      (69)      (11)       --
 Commercial business         (403)        (841)     (911)      (19)       (3)
 Agricultural business        (16)         (19)       (5)       --        --
 Consumer, credit card
  and other                  (479)        (134)     (310)     (181)      (66)
                          --------      -------   -------   -------   -------
                           (1,031)      (1,550)   (1,355)     (570)     (196)
                          --------      -------   -------   -------   -------
   Net charge-offs           (920)      (1,082)   (1,130)     (519)     (142)
                          --------      -------   -------   -------   -------

   Balance, end of period $15,314      $13,541   $12,261   $ 7,857   $ 6,748
                          =======      =======   =======   =======   =======

Ratio of allowance to net
 loans before allowance
 for loan losses             1.03%        1.02%     1.10%     1.03%     1.03%

Ratio of net loan charge-offs
 to the average net book
 value of loans outstanding
 during the period           0.06%        0.09%     0.14%     0.08%     0.04%


                                    18

<PAGE>



<TABLE>

The following table sets forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by loan category for the
periods indicated.
                            At December 31                            At March 31
                 ----------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
                       2000             1999              1999            1998               1997
                 ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------
                          Percent           Percent           Percent           Percent          Percent
                          of Loans          of Loans          of Loans          of Loans         of Loans
                          in Each           in Each           in Each           in Each          in Each
                          Category          Category          Category          Category         Category
                          to Total          to Total          to Total          to Total         to Total
                 Amount   Loans    Amount   Loans    Amount   Loans    Amount   Loans    Amount  Loans
                 ------   -----    ------   -----    ------   -----    ------   -----    ------  -----
                                                (Dollars in thousands)
<S>              <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>
Specific or allocated
loss allowances:
 Loans secured by
 real estate:
  One- to four-
   family        $ 2,256   27.48%  $ 2,334   31.71%  $ 2,757   34.93%  $ 1,059   53.45%  $ 1,098  58.23%
  Commercial
   /multifamily    5,457   30.29     4,273   30.01     3,567   23.80       849   14.14       547  11.54
  Construction
   and land        2,738   18.24     1,638   14.73     1,597   14.82       856   11.87       844  11.08
 Commercial
  /agricultural
   business        3,540   19.94     2,830   18.91     2,522   13.42       835    4.00       422   3.25
  Consumer, credit
   card and other    879    4.05     1,023    4.64       841    3.98       307    4.03       237   3.55
Unallocated general
 loss allowance (1)  444     N/A     1,443     N/A       977     N/A     3,951     N/A     3,600    N/A
                 -------   -----  --------   -----  --------   -----   -------   -----   -------  -----
   Total allowance
    for loan
    losses       $15,314  100.00%  $ 13,541 100.00% $ 12,261  100.00%  $ 7,857  100.00%  $ 6,748  100.00%
                 =======  =====    ======== ======  ========  ======   =======  ======   =======  ======
----------
(1) The Company establishes specific loss allowances when individual loans are identified that present a
possibility of loss (i.e., that full collectibility is not reasonably assured).  The remainder of the
allowance for loan losses is established for the purpose of providing for estimated losses which are
inherent in the loan portfolio.
</TABLE>
                                                   19
<PAGE>


                        Investment Activities

Under Washington and Oregon state law, banks are permitted to invest in
various types of marketable securities.  Authorized securities include but are
not limited to U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various federal
agencies, mortgage-backed securities, certain certificates of deposit of
insured banks and savings institutions, banker's acceptances, repurchase
agreements, federal funds, commercial paper, corporate debt and equity
securities and obligations of states and their political sub-divisions. The
investment policies of the Banks are designed to provide and maintain adequate
liquidity and to generate favorable rates of return without incurring undue
interest rate or credit risk.  The Banks' policies generally limit investments
to U.S. Government and agency securities, municipal bonds, certificates of
deposit, marketable corporate debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.
Investment in mortgage-backed securities includes those issued or guaranteed
by Freddie Mac (FHLMC), Fannie Mae (FNMA), Government National Mortgage
Association (GNMA) and privately-issued collateralized mortgage-backed
securities that have an AA credit rating or higher.  A high credit rating
indicates only that the rating agency believes there is a low risk of loss or
default. However, all of the Banks' investment securities, including those
that have high credit ratings, are subject to market risk in so far as a
change in market rates of interest or other conditions may cause a change in
an investment's market value.

At December 31, 2000, the Company's consolidated investment portfolio totaled
$326.5 million and consisted principally of U.S. Government and agency
obligations, mortgage-backed securities, municipal bonds, corporate debt
obligations, and stock of FNMA and FHLMC.  From time to time, investment
levels may be increased or decreased depending upon yields available on
investment alternatives, and management's projections as to the demand for
funds to be used in the Banks' loan originations, deposits and other
activities. During the year ended December 31, 2000 investments and securities
decreased by $35.6 million. Holdings of mortgage-backed securities decreased
$35.9 million and U.S. Treasury and agency obligations increased $2.6 million.
Ownership of corporate and other securities increased $1.5 million. Municipal
bonds decreased $3.7 million.

Mortgage-Backed and Mortgage-Related Securities:  The Company purchases
mortgage-backed securities in order to: (i) generate positive interest rate
spreads on large principal balances with minimal administrative expense; (ii)
lower the credit risk of the Company as a result of the guarantees provided by
FHLMC, FNMA, and GNMA or credit enhancements provided by other entities or the
structure of the securities; (iii) enable the Company to use mortgage-backed
securities as collateral for financing; and (iv) increase liquidity.  The
Company invests primarily in federal agency issued or guaranteed
mortgage-backed and mortgage-related securities, principally FNMA, FHLMC and
GNMA.  The Company also invests in privately issued collateralized mortgage
obligations (CMOs) including real estate mortgage investment conduits
(REMICs).  At December 31, 2000, net mortgage-backed securities totaled $194.1
million, or 9.8% of total assets.  At December 31, 2000, 44.0% of the
mortgage-backed securities were adjustable-rate and 56.0% were fixed-rate.
The estimated fair value of the Company's mortgage-backed securities at
December 31, 2000, was $194.1 million, which is $3.5 million less than the
amortized cost of $197.6 million.  At December 31, 2000, the Company's
portfolio of mortgage-backed securities had a weighted average coupon rate of
6.76%.  The estimated weighted average remaining life of the portfolio was 8.6
years based on the last 3 months' "constant prepayment rate" (CPR) or the most
recent CPR if less than 3 months history is available.

Mortgage-backed securities known as PCs or mortgage pass-through certificates
generally represent a participation interest in a pool of single-family
mortgage loans.  The principal and interest payments on these loans are passed
from the mortgage originators, through intermediaries (generally U.S.
Government agencies and government sponsored enterprises) that pool and resell
the participation interests in the form of securities, to investors such as
the Company.  Mortgage participation certificates generally yield less than
the loans that underlie such securities because of the cost of payment
guarantees and credit enhancements.  In addition, PCs are usually more liquid
than individual mortgage loans and may be used to collateralize certain
liabilities and obligations of the Company.  These types of securities also
permit the Company to optimize its regulatory capital because of their low
risk weighting.

CMOs and REMICs are mortgage-related obligations and may be considered as
derivative financial instruments because they are created by redirecting the
cash flows from the pool of mortgage loans or mortgage-backed securities
underlying these securities into two or more classes (or tranches) with
different maturity or risk characteristics.  Management believes these
securities may represent attractive alternatives relative to other investments
due to the wide variety of maturity, repayment and interest rate options
available; however, the complex structure of certain CMOs increases the
difficulty in assessing the portfolio's risk and its fair value.  Yields on
privately issued CMOs generally exceed the yield on similarly structured
agency CMOs because they expose the Company to certain risks not inherent in
agency CMOs, such as credit risk and liquidity risk.  Neither the U.S.
government nor any of its agencies guarantees these assets generally because
the loan size, credit underwriting or underlying collateral do not meet
certain industry standards.  Consequently, the potential for loss of principal
is higher for privately issued securities.  In addition, because the universe
of potential investors for privately issued CMOs is smaller, these securities
are

                                    20

<PAGE>



somewhat less liquid than are agency issued or guaranteed securities.  At
December 31, 2000 the Company held CMOs and REMICs with a net carrying value
of $167.0 million, including $55.1 million of privately issued CMOs.

Of the Company's $194.1 million mortgage-backed securities portfolio at
December 31, 2000, $92.3 million with a weighted average yield of 6.79% had
contractual maturities or period to repricing within ten years and $99.8
million with a weighted average yield of 6.74% had contractual maturities or
period to repricing over ten years.  However, the actual maturity of a
mortgage-backed security is usually less than its stated maturity due to
prepayments of the underlying mortgages.  Prepayments that are faster than
anticipated may shorten the life of the security and may result in rapid
amortization of premiums or discounts and thereby affect the net yield on such
securities.  Although prepayments of underlying mortgages depend on many
factors, including the type of mortgages, the coupon rate, the age of
mortgages, the geographical location of the underlying real estate
collateralizing the mortgages and general levels of market interest rates, the
difference between the interest rates on the underlying mortgages and the
prevailing mortgage interest rates generally is the most significant
determinant of the rate of prepayments.  During periods of declining mortgage
interest rates, if the coupon rate of the underlying mortgage loans exceeds
the prevailing market interest rates offered for mortgage loans, refinancing
generally increases and accelerates the prepayment of the underlying mortgage
loans and the related security.  Under such circumstances, the Company may be
subject to reinvestment risk because, to the extent that the Company's
mortgage-backed securities amortize or prepay faster than anticipated, the
Company may not be able to reinvest the proceeds of such repayments and
prepayments at a comparable rate.  In contrast to mortgage-backed securities
in which cash flow is received (and hence, prepayment risk is shared) pro rata
by all securities holders, the cash flow from the mortgage loans or
mortgage-backed securities underlying REMICs or CMOs is segmented and paid in
accordance with a predetermined priority to investors holding various tranches
of such securities or obligations.  A particular tranche of REMICs and CMOs
may therefore carry prepayment risk that differs from that of both the
underlying collateral and other tranches.

Municipal Bonds:  The Company's tax exempt municipal bond portfolio, which at
December 31, 2000, totaled $28.2 million at estimated fair value ($27.8
million at amortized cost), was comprised of general obligation bonds (i.e.,
backed by the general credit of the issuer) and revenue bonds (i.e., backed by
revenues from the specific project being financed) issued by various
authorities, hospitals, water and sanitation districts located in the states
of Washington, Oregon and Idaho.  At December 31, 2000, general obligation
bonds and revenue bonds had total estimated fair values of $17.5 million and
$8.9 million, respectively. The Company also has taxable revenue bonds as of
December 31, 2000 totaling $3.6 million at estimated fair value ($3.9 million
at amortized cost).  Many bank qualifying municipal bonds are not rated by a
nationally recognized credit rating agency (e.g., Moody's or Standard and
Poor's) due to their smaller size.  At December 31, 2000, the Company's
municipal bond portfolio had a weighted average maturity of approximately 10.6
years and an average coupon rate of 6.27%.  The largest security in the
portfolio was an industrial revenue bond issued by the City of Kent,
Washington, with an amortized cost of $3.4 million and a fair value of $3.4
million.

Corporate Bonds: The Company's corporate bond portfolio, which totaled $27.9
million at fair value ($28.4 million at amortized cost) at December 31, 2000,
was composed of short and long-term fixed-rate and adjustable-rate securities.
At December 31, 2000, the portfolio had a weighted average maturity of 22.1
years and a weighted average coupon rate of 8.05%.  The longest term security
has an amortized cost of $3.0 million and a term to maturity of 29.2 years.

U.S. Government and Agency Obligations:  The Company's portfolio of U.S.
Government and agency obligations had a fair value of $61.4 million ($61.5
million at amortized cost) at December 31, 2000.  The Company's subsidiary,
BB, has invested a small portion of its securities portfolio in structured
notes.  The structured notes in which BB has invested provide for periodic
adjustments in coupon rates or prepayments based on various indices and
formulae.  At December 31, 2000, structured notes which totaled $4.7 million
at fair value ($4.7 million at amortized cost), consisted of U.S. Government
agency obligations with a fair value of $2.0 million which mature in 2004 and
2005 and a privately issued obligation with a fair value of $2.7 million which
matures in 2005.  In addition, most of the U.S. Government agency obligations
owned by the Company include call features which allow the issuing agency the
right to call the securities at various dates prior to the final maturity.

Asset-backed Securities: The Company's subsidiary, BB, has invested a small
portion of its investment portfolio in asset-backed securities collateralized
by equipment lease contracts.  At December 31, 2000 the investment totaled
$5.3 million at fair value ($5.3 at amortized cost), was yielding 8.66%, and
matures in 2004.

Off Balance Sheet Derivatives:  Derivatives include "off balance sheet"
financial products whose value is dependent on the value of an underlying
financial asset, such as a stock, bond, foreign currency, or a reference rate
or index.  Such derivatives include "forwards," "futures," "options" or
"swaps."  The Company generally has not invested in "off balance sheet"
derivative instruments, although investment policies authorize such
investments.  On December 31, 2000 the Company had no off balance sheet
derivatives and no outstanding commitments to purchase or sell securities.

                                    21

<PAGE>




<TABLE>

The following tables sets forth certain information regarding carrying values and percentage of total
carrying values, which is estimated market value, of the Company's consolidated portfolio of securities
classified as available for sale and held to maturity (in thousands).

                                      At December 31                           At March 31
                       -----------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------
Available for Sale:           2000                   1999                   1999               1998
-------------------    -------------------   -------------------   -------------------  ------------------
                       Carrying   Percent    Carrying   Percent    Carrying   Percent   Carrying  Percent
                         value    of Total     value    of Total    value     of Total    value   of Total
                         -----    --------     -----    --------    -----     --------    -----   --------
<S>                    <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>      <C>        <C>
 U.S. Government
  Treasury and agency
    obligations        $ 61,425    19.89%    $ 58,868    16.90%    $ 56,518    15.61%   $ 65,594    21.69%
 Municipal bonds:
  Taxable                 5,115     1.66        4,751     1.36        2,833     0.78          --       --
  Tax exempt             25,773     8.35       30,585     8.78       32,259     8.91      32,093    10.61

 Corporate bonds         20,435     6.62       21,564     6.19       24,335     6.72       4,304     1.42
 Other                    3,969     1.28        3,769     1.08        3,441     0.95       3,298     1.09
Mortgage-backed or
related securities
Mortgage-backed
securities:
 GNMA                    16,642     5.39       18,306     5.26       22,508     6.22      16,862     5.58
 FHLMC                    3,044     0.98        3,324      .95        3,502     0.97       3,361     1.11
 FNMA                     5,365     1.74        5,452     1.57        6,841     1.89       6,048     2.00
                       --------   ------     --------   ------     --------    ------   --------   ------
Total mortgage-backed
 securities              25,051     8.11       27,082     7.78       32,851     9.08      26,271     8.69

Mortgage-related
securities
 CMOs-agency backed     111,963    36.26      141,333    40.57      150,438    41.56     146,300    48.38
 CMOs-Non-agency         55,067    17.83       60,395    17.34       59,346    16.39      24,559     8.12
                       --------   ------     --------   ------     --------    ------   --------   ------
Total mortgage-related
 securities             167,030    54.09      201,728    57.91      209,784    57.95     170,859    56.50
                       --------   ------     --------   ------     --------    ------   --------   ------
   Total                192,081    62.20      228,810    65.69      242,635    67.03     197,130    65.19
                       --------   ------     --------   ------     --------    ------   --------   ------
Total securities
available for sale     $308,798   100.00%    $348,347   100.00%    $362,021   100.00%   $302,419   100.00%
                       ========   ======     ========   ======     ========    ======   ========   ======


Held to Maturity:
 Mortgage-backed
  securities-FHLMC
  certificates         $  1,992    11.24%    $  1,196     8.69%    $     --        --%  $     --       --%
 Municipal bonds:
  Taxable                   997     5.63        1,096     7.96           --        --         --       --
  Tax exempt              2,438    13.76        1,613    11.71        1,991     92.39         --       --

 Corporate bonds          7,000    39.51        4,000    29.05           --        --         --       --
 Asset-backed securities  5,290    29.86        5,865    42.59           --        --         --       --
 CMOs - agency backed        --       --           --       --          164      7.61         --       --
 Certificates of deposit     --       --           --       --           --        --        194   100.00
                       --------   ------     --------   ------     --------    ------   --------   ------
     Total             $ 17,717   100.00%    $ 13,770   100.00%    $  2,155    100.00%  $    194   100.00%
                       ========   ======     ========   ======     ========    ======   ========   ======
 Estimated market
  value                $ 18,269              $ 13,716              $  2,235             $    194
                       ========              ========              ========             ========


</TABLE>
                                                   22
<PAGE>




<TABLE>

The following table shows the maturity or period to repricing of the Company's consolidated portfolio of
securities available for sale (dollars in thousands):

                                          Available for sale at December 31 2000
                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    One Year      Over One to   Over Five to    Over Ten to         Over
                    or Less       Five Years      Ten Years     Twenty Years    Twenty Years      Total
                 --------------  ------------   -------------   ------------   -------------   ------------
                       Weighted       Weighted        Weighted       Weighted        Weighted       Weighted
                 Carry-  Aver-   Carry- Aver-   Carry-  Aver-   Carry- Aver-    Carry- Aver-   Carry- Aver-
                  ing     age     ing    age     ing     age     ing    age      ing    age     ing    age
                 Value   Yield   Value  Yield   Value   Yield   Value  Yield    Value  Yield   Value  Yield
                 -----   -----   -----  -----   -----   -----   -----  -----    -----  -----   -----  -----
<S>            <C>       <C>    <C>      <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>      <C>   <C>       <C>
U. S. Government
Treasury and
agency
obligations
 Fixed-rate    $  8,558  6.24%  $51,879  6.14%  $   988 6.70%  $    --    --% $    --    --% $ 61,425  6.16%

Municipal bonds:
 Taxable             --    --       990  6.73     2,639 6.98     1,315  8.15      171  5.05     5,115  7.17
 Tax Exempt       1,340  4.08     4,867  5.26     7,192 6.32     9,123  6.90    3,251  5.52    25,773  6.10
               --------         -------         -------        -------        -------        --------
                  1,340  4.08     5,857  5.51     9,831 6.50    10,438  7.06    3,422  5.50    30,888  6.28
Corporate bonds
 Fixed-rate      11,340  6.98     3,709  6.44        --   --        --     -    5,386  7.26    20,435  6.96

Mortgage-backed
obligations:
 Fixed-rate          21  8.25         4  6.42       514 8.72    10,269  7.02    9,283  7.32    20,091  7.20
 Adjustable-rate  4,960  7.16        --    --        --   --        --    --       --    --     4,960  7.16
               --------         -------         -------        -------        -------        --------
                  4,981  7.16         4  6.42       514 8.72    10,269  7.02    9,283  7.32    25,051  7.19
Mortgage-related
obligations:
 Fixed-rate         545  9.65        --    --     5,786 6.12     1,053  6.07   79,225  6.65    86,609  6.62
 Adjustable-rate 80,421  6.78        --    --        --   --        --    --       --    --    80,421  6.78
               --------         -------         -------        -------        -------        --------
                 80,966  6.80        --    --     5,786 6.12     1,053  6.07   79,225  6.65   167,030  6.70
               --------         -------         -------        -------        -------        --------
 Total mortgage-
  backed or
  related
  obligations    85,947  6.82         4  6.42     6,300 6.33    11,322  6.93   88,508  6.72   192,081  6.76

Other - stock     3,969  7.12        --    --        --   --        --    --       --    --     3,969  6.76
               --------         -------         -------        -------        -------        --------
Total securities
available for
sale - carrying
value          $111,154  6.77%  $61,449  5.99%  $17,119 5.37%  $21,760  6.50% $97,316  6.70% $308,798  6.47%
               ========         =======         =======        =======        =======        ========
Total securities
available for
sale - amortized
cost           $111,068         $61,414         $17,061        $21,926        $99,069        $310,538
               ========         =======         =======        =======        =======        ========


</TABLE>
                                                          23

<PAGE>



<TABLE>

The following table shows the maturity or period to repricing of the Company's consolidated portfolio of
securities held to maturity (dollars in thousands):

                                     Held to Maturity at December 31 2000
                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    One Year      Over One to   Over Five to    Over Ten to         Over
                    or Less       Five Years      Ten Years     Twenty Years    Twenty Years      Total
                 --------------  ------------   -------------   ------------   -------------   ------------
                       Weighted       Weighted        Weighted       Weighted        Weighted       Weighted
                 Carry-  Aver-   Carry- Aver-   Carry-  Aver-   Carry- Aver-    Carry- Aver-   Carry- Aver-
                  ing     age     ing    age     ing     age     ing    age      ing    age     ing    age
                 Value   Yield   Value  Yield   Value   Yield   Value  Yield    Value  Yield   Value  Yield
                 -----   -----   -----  -----   -----   -----   -----  -----    -----  -----   -----  -----
<S>            <C>       <C>    <C>      <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>      <C>   <C>       <C>
Municipal bonds:
 Taxable        $    --    --%  $   997  6.54%  $   --     --%  $  --   --%  $     --    --% $   997   6.54%
 Tax exempt         227  7.61     1,270  7.59      102  10.00      --   --        839  6.60    2,438   7.35
                -------         -------         ------          -----        --------        -------
                    227  7.61     2,267  7.13      102  10.00      --   --        839  6.60    3,435   7.12
Corporate bonds
 Fixed rate          --    --        --    --       --     --      --   --      7,000 10.36    7,000  10.36
Mortgage-backed
obligations:
 Fixed-rate          --    --        --    --       --     --      --   --      1,992  7.32    1,992   0.07
Other asset-
backed
securities:
 Fixed rate          --    --     5,290  8.66       --     --      --   --         --    --    5,290   8.66
                -------         -------         ------          -----        --------        -------
Total securities
held to maturity:
 Carrying value $   227  7.61%  $ 7,557  8.20%  $  102  10.00%  $  --   --%  $  9,831  7.84% $17,717  8.88%
                =======         =======         ======          =====        ========        =======
Total securities
held to maturity:
 Fair market
  value         $   226         $ 7,562         $  113          $  --        $ 10,368        $18,269
                =======         =======         ======          =====        ========        =======

</TABLE>
                                                            24
<PAGE>




            Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds

General:  Deposits, FHLB advances (or borrowings) and loan repayments are the
major sources of the Banks' funds for lending and other investment purposes.
Scheduled loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while
deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments are influenced significantly
by general interest rates and money market conditions.  Borrowings may be used
on a short-term basis to compensate for reductions in the availability of
funds from other sources.  They may also be used on a longer-term basis for
general business purposes.

Deposit Accounts:  Deposits are attracted from within the Banks' primary
market areas through the offering of a broad selection of deposit instruments,
including demand checking accounts, NOW accounts, money market deposit
accounts, regular savings accounts, certificates of deposit and retirement
savings plans.  Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance
required, the time periods the funds must remain on deposit and the interest
rate, among other factors.  In determining the terms of their deposit
accounts, the Banks consider current market interest rates, profitability to
the Banks, matching deposit and loan products and their customer preferences
and concerns.  The Banks generally review their deposit mix and pricing
weekly.

The Banks compete with other financial institutions and financial
intermediaries in attracting deposits.  Competition from mutual funds has been
particularly strong in recent years due to the performance of the stock
market.  In addition, there is strong competition for savings dollars from
commercial banks, credit unions, and nonbank corporations, such as securities
brokerage companies and other diversified companies, some of which have
nationwide networks of offices.

The Banks, especially BB, have been most successful in attracting a broad
range of retail time deposits and, at December 31, 2000, the Banks had a total
of $798.7 million in retail time deposits, of which $491.9 million had
original maturities of one year or longer.

As illustrated in the following table, certificates of deposit have accounted
for a larger percentage of the deposit portfolio than have transaction
accounts.   However, as reflected in the balances and percentages for December
31, 2000 and 1999 and March 31, 1999, the acquisitions of IEB, TB, WSB and SCB
have added significantly to demand, NOW and Money Market accounts for the
Company.

                                      25

<PAGE>



<TABLE>

The following table sets forth the balances of deposits in the various types of accounts offered by the
Banks at the dates indicated (in thousands).

                                At December 31                At December 31                  At March 31
                          ---------------------------    -------------------------------   ----------------
                                     2000                           1999                         1999
                          ---------------------------    -------------------------------   ----------------

                                     % of   Increase                % of       Increase               % of
                          Amount    Total  (Decrease)    Amount     Total     (Decrease)   Amount     Total
                          ------    -----  ----------    ------     -----     ----------   ------     -----
<S>                    <C>          <C>     <C>        <C>          <C>      <C>         <C>          <C>
Demand and
 NOW checking          $  217,395   18.23%  $ 19,745   $  197,649   18.34%   $  18,040   $  179,609   18.89%
Regular savings
 accounts                  44,427    3.72     (8,878)      53,305    4.94       (5,828)      59,133    6.22
Money market accounts     132,241   11.09    (12,702)     144,943   13.44       12,866      132,077   13.89
Certificates which mature:
  Within 1 year           614,873   51.56    137,761      477,112   44.26       71,806      405,306   42.63
  After 1 year, but
   within 2 years         121,329   10.17     21,907       99,422    9.22        6,079       93,343    9.82
  After 2 years, but
   within 5 years          53,833    4.51    (43,005)      96,838    8.98       25,006       71,832    7.55
  Certificates maturing
   thereafter               8,617    0.72       (265)       8,883    0.82         (665)       9,548    1.00
                       ----------  ------   --------   ----------  ------    ---------  -----------  ------
     Total             $1,192,715  100.00%  $114,563   $1,078,152  100.00%   $ 127,304  $   950,848  100.00%
                       ==========  ======   ========   ==========  ======    =========  ===========  ======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>

The following table sets forth the deposit activities of the Banks for the periods indicated (in thousands).

                                              Year Ended  Nine Months Ended   Year Ended
                                              December 31    December 31       March 31
                                                  2000           1999            1999
                                                  ----           ----            ----
<S>                                           <C>            <C>             <C>
Beginning balance                             $1,078,152     $  950,848      $  602,522

Acquisitions                                          --         40,645         218,368
Net increase (decrease)
 before interest credited                         61,443         55,184          95,939
Interest credited                                 53,120         31,475          34,019
                                              ----------     ----------      ----------
Net increase in savings deposits                 114,563        127,304         348,326
                                              ----------     ----------       ---------
Ending balance                                $1,192,715     $1,078,152       $ 950,848
                                              ==========     ==========       =========

</TABLE>

<TABLE>

The following table indicates the amount of the Banks' jumbo certificates of deposit by time remaining until
maturity as of December 31, 2000.  Jumbo certificates of deposit require a minimum deposit of $100,000 and
rates paid on such accounts are negotiable (in thousands).

                                                     Jumbo
Maturity Period                                   Certificates
---------------                                    of deposit
                                                   -----------
<S>                                                 <C>
Due in three months or less                         $ 111,944
Due after three months through six months              18,382
Due after six months through twelve months            129,153
Due after twelve months                                55,410
                                                    ---------
   Total                                            $ 314,889
                                                    =========
</TABLE>
                                                 26

<PAGE>

Borrowings:  Deposits are the primary source of funds for the Banks' lending
and investment activities and for their general business purposes.  The Banks
also use borrowings to supplement their supply of lendable funds, to meet
deposit withdrawal requirements and to more effectively leverage their capital
position.  The FHLB-Seattle serves as the Banks' primary borrowing source.  At
December 31, 2000, the Banks had $507.1 million of combined borrowings from
FHLB-Seattle at a weighted average rate of 6.27%.  At December 31, 2000 the
Banks, on a combined basis, have been authorized by the FHLB-Seattle to borrow
up to $557.0 million under a blanket floating lien security agreement.
Additional short-term funds are also obtained through $12.6 million in
commercial banking credit lines.  At December 31, 2000 the Banks had no
short-term funds outstanding.

The FHLB-Seattle functions as a central reserve bank providing credit for
member financial institutions.  As a member, the Banks are required to own
capital stock in the FHLB-Seattle and are authorized to apply for advances on
the security of such stock and certain of its mortgage loans and other assets
(principally securities which are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the U.S.
Government) provided certain credit worthiness standards have been met.
Advances are made pursuant to several different credit and underwriting
programs.  Each program has its own interest rate, maturity and collateral
requirements.  Depending on the program, limitations on the amount of advances
are based on the financial condition of the member institution and the
adequacy of collateral pledged to secure the credit.

BB also uses retail repurchase agreements due generally within 90 days as a
source of funds.  At December 31, 2000, retail repurchase agreements totaling
$11.3 million with interest rates from 3.54% to 7.20% were secured by a pledge
of certain FNMA, GNMA and FHLMC mortgage-backed securities with a market value
of $12.2 million.

BB also borrows funds through the use of secured wholesale repurchase
agreements with securities brokers.  The broker holds BB's securities while BB
continues to receive the principal and interest payments from the security.
BB's outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2000, under wholesale repurchase
agreements totaled $63.4 million and were collateralized by mortgage-backed
securities with a fair value of  $66.4 million.

(See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results
of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" and Notes 11 and 12 of the
Consolidated Financial Statements)

                              Personnel

As of December 31, 2000, the Company had 513 full-time and 78 part-time
employees.  The employees are not represented by a collective bargaining unit.
The Company believes its relationship with its employees is good.

                              Taxation
Federal Taxation

General.  For tax reporting purposes, the Company and the Banks report their
income on a calendar year basis using the accrual method of accounting.  The
Company and the Banks are subject to federal income taxation in the same
manner as other corporations with some exceptions including particularly the
reserve for bad debts discussed below.  The following discussion of tax
matters is intended only as a summary and does not purport to be a
comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to the Company and the
Banks.  Reference is made to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contained in Item 7 of this Form 10-K for additional
information concerning the income taxes payable by the Banks.

Provisions of the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996 (the "Job
Protection Act") significantly altered the Company's tax bad debt deduction
method and the circumstances that would require a tax bad debt reserve
recapture.  Prior to enactment of the Job Protection Act, savings institutions
were permitted to compute their tax bad debt deduction through use of either
the reserve method or the percentage of taxable income method.  The Job
Protection Act repealed both of these methods for large savings institutions
and allows bad debt deductions based only on actual current losses.  While
repealing the reserve method for computing tax bad debt deductions, the Job
Protection Act allows thrifts to retain their existing base year bad debt
reserves but requires that reserves in excess of the balance at December 31,
1987, be recaptured into taxable income.  The tax liability for this recapture
is included in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                    27

<PAGE>



The base year reserve is recaptured into taxable income only in limited
situations, such as in the event of certain excess distributions, complete
liquidation or disqualification as a bank.  None of the limited circumstances
requiring recapture are contemplated by the Company.  The amount of the
Company's tax bad debt reserves subject to recapture in these circumstances
approximates $5,318,000 at December 31, 2000.   Due to the remote nature of
events that may trigger the recapture provisions, no tax liability has been
established in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

In addition, as a result of certain acquisitions, the Company is required to
recapture certain tax bad debt reserves of the acquiree. The Company has
elected to recapture these reserves into income over a four-year period using
the deferral method.  The recapture does not result in a charge to earnings as
the Company provided for this liability on the acquisition date.

Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax.  The Code imposes a tax on alternative
minimum taxable income ("AMTI") at a rate of 20%.  AMTI is increased by an
amount equal to 75% of the amount by which the corporation's adjusted current
earnings exceeds its AMTI (determined without regard to this preference and
prior to reduction for net operating losses).  For taxable years beginning
after December 31, 1986, and before January 1, 1996, an environmental tax of
 .12% of the excess of AMTI (with certain modification) over $2.0 million was
imposed on corporations, including the Banks, whether or not an Alternative
Minimum Tax ("AMT") is paid.

Dividends-Received Deduction and Other Matters..  The Company may exclude from
its income 100% of dividends received from the Banks as a member of the same
affiliated group of corporations.  The corporate dividends-received deduction
is generally 70% in the case of dividends received from unaffiliated
corporations with which the Company and the Banks will not file a consolidated
tax return, except that if the Company or the Banks own more than 20% of the
stock of a corporation distributing a dividend, then 80% of any dividends
received may be deducted.

There have not been any IRS audits of the Company's or the Banks' federal
income tax returns during the past five years.

State Taxation

Washington Taxation. Banner Bank is subject to a business and occupation tax
which is imposed under Washington law at the rate of 1.50% of gross receipts;
however, interest received on loans secured by mortgages or deeds of trust on
residential properties is not subject to such tax.  Banner Bank's business and
occupation tax returns through December 1996 were audited in October 1997.

Oregon and Idaho Taxation Corporations with nexus to the states of Oregon and
Idaho are subject to a corporate level income tax.  The Company's operations
in those states resulted in corporate income taxes of approximately $281,000
(net of federal tax benefit).  As the Company's operations in these states
increase the state income tax provision will have an increasing effect on the
Company's effective tax rate and results of operations.

                      Environmental Regulation

The business of the Company is affected from time to time by federal and state
laws and regulations relating to hazardous substances.  Under the federal
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA),
owners and operators of properties containing hazardous substances may be
liable for the costs of cleaning up the substances. CERCLA and similar state
laws can affect the Company both as an owner of branches and other properties
used in its business and as a lender holding a security interest in property
which is found to contain hazardous substances.  While CERCLA contains an
exemption for holders of security interests, the exemption is not available if
the holder participates in the management of a property, and some courts have
broadly defined what constitutes participation in management of property.
Moreover, CERCLA and similar state statutes can affect the Company's decision
of whether or not to foreclose on a property.  Before foreclosing on
commercial real estate, it is the Company's general policy to obtain an
environmental report, thereby increasing the costs of foreclosure.  In
addition, the existence of hazardous substances on a property securing a
troubled loan may cause the Company to elect not to foreclose on the property,
thereby reducing the Company's flexibility in handling the loan.


                                    28

<PAGE>

                             Competition

The Banks encounter significant competition both in attracting deposits and in
originating real estate loans.  Their most direct competition for deposits has
come historically from other commercial and savings banks, savings
associations and credit unions in their market areas.  More recently, the
Banks have experienced an increased level of competition from securities
firms, insurance companies, money market and mutual funds, and other
investment vehicles.  The Banks expect continued strong competition from such
financial institutions and investment vehicles in the foreseeable future.  The
ability of the Banks to attract and retain deposits depends on their ability
to provide investment opportunities that satisfy the requirements of investors
as to rate of return, liquidity, risk of loss of principal, convenience of
locations and other factors.  The Banks compete for deposits by offering
depositors a variety of deposit accounts and financial services at competitive
rates, convenient business hours, and a high level of personal service and
expertise.

The competition for loans comes principally from commercial banks, loan
brokers, mortgage banking companies, other savings banks and credit unions.
The competition for loans has increased substantially in recent years as a
result of the large number of institutions competing in the Banks' market
areas as well as the increased efforts by commercial banks and credit unions
to expand mortgage loan originations.

The Banks compete for loans primarily through offering competitive rates and
fees and providing excellent services to borrowers and home builders.  Factors
that affect competition include general and local economic conditions, current
interest rate levels and the volatility of the mortgage markets.

                             Regulation
The Banks

General:  As state-chartered, federally insured financial institutions, the
Banks are subject to extensive regulation.  Lending activities and other
investments must comply with various statutory and regulatory requirements,
including prescribed minimum capital standards.  The Banks are regularly
examined by the FDIC and their state banking regulators and file periodic
reports concerning their activities and financial condition with their
regulators.  The Banks' relationship with depositors and borrowers also is
regulated to a great extent by both federal and state law, especially in such
matters as the ownership of savings accounts and the form and content of
mortgage documents.

Federal and state banking laws and regulations govern all areas of the
operation of the Banks, including reserves, loans, mortgages, capital,
issuance of securities, payment of dividends and establishment of branches.
Federal and state bank regulatory agencies also have the general authority to
limit the dividends paid by insured banks and bank holding companies if such
payments should be deemed to constitute an unsafe and unsound practice.  The
respective primary federal regulators of the Company and the Banks have
authority to impose penalties, initiate civil and administrative actions and
take other steps intended to prevent banks from engaging in unsafe or unsound
practices.

State Regulation and Supervision:  As state-chartered commercial Banks, Banner
Bank and Banner Bank of Oregon are subject to the applicable provisions of
Washington law and Oregon law, respectively, and each state's regulations.
State law and regulations govern the Banks' ability to take deposits and pay
interest thereon, to make loans on or invest in residential and other real
estate, to make consumer loans, to invest in securities, to offer various
banking services to its customers, and to establish branch offices.  The Banks
are subject to periodic examination and reporting requirements by and of their
state banking regulators.

Deposit Insurance:  The FDIC is an independent federal agency that insures the
deposits, up to prescribed statutory limits, of depository institutions.  The
FDIC currently maintains two separate insurance funds: the BIF and the SAIF.
As insurer of the Banks' deposits, the FDIC has examination, supervisory and
enforcement authority over the Banks.

                                    29

<PAGE>



Banner Bank's accounts are insured by both the BIF and the SAIF and Banner
Bank of Oregon's accounts are insured by the BIF to the maximum extent
permitted by law. The Banks pay deposit insurance premiums based on a
risk-based assessment system established by the FDIC.  Under applicable
regulations, institutions are assigned to one of three capital groups that are
based solely on the level of an institution's capital "well capitalized,"
"adequately capitalized," and "undercapitalized" which are defined in the same
manner as the regulations establishing the prompt corrective action system, as
discussed below.  These three groups are then divided into three subgroups
which reflect varying levels of supervisory concern, from those which are
considered to be healthy to those which are considered to be of substantial
supervisory concern.  The matrix  so created results in nine assessment risk
classifications.

Effective January 1, 1997, the premium schedule for BIF and SAIF insured
institutions ranged from 0 to 27 basis points.  However, SAIF insured
institutions and BIF insured institutions are required to pay a Financing
Corporation assessment in order to fund the interest on bonds issued to
resolve thrift failures in the 1980s.  For BB this amount is currently equal
to about 1.90 basis points for each $100 in domestic deposits and BBO pays an
assessment of about 1.50 basis points.  These assessments, which may be
revised based upon the level of BIF and SAIF deposits, will continue until the
bonds mature in the year 2015.

The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any insured depository
institution if it determines after a hearing that the institution has engaged
or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound
condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law,
regulation, order or any condition imposed by an agreement with the FDIC.  It
also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process for
the permanent termination of insurance, if the institution has no tangible
capital.  If insurance of accounts is terminated, the accounts at the
institution at the time of termination, less subsequent withdrawals, shall
continue to be insured for a period of six months to two years, as determined
by the FDIC. Management is aware of no existing circumstances that could
result in termination of the deposit insurance of the Banks.

Prompt Corrective Action:  Federal statutes establish a supervisory framework
based on five capital categories:  well capitalized, adequately capitalized,
undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically
undercapitalized.  An institution's category depends upon where its capital
levels are in relation to relevant capital measures, which include a risk-
based capital measure, a leverage ratio capital measure, and certain other
factors.  The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations that implement
this statutory framework.  Under these regulations, an institution is treated
as well capitalized if its ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets is
10% or more, its ratio of core capital to risk-weighted assets is 6% or more,
its ratio of core capital to adjusted total assets is 5% or more, and it is
not subject to any federal supervisory order or directive to meet a specific
capital level.  In order to be adequately capitalized, an institution must
have a total risk-based capital ratio of not less than 8%, a Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of not less than 4%, and a leverage ratio of not less than 4%.
Any institution which is neither well capitalized nor adequately capitalized
will be considered undercapitalized.

Undercapitalized institutions are subject to certain prompt corrective action
requirements, regulatory controls and restrictions which become more extensive
as an institution becomes more severely undercapitalized.  Failure by the
Banks to comply with applicable capital requirements would, if unremedied,
result in restrictions on their activities and lead to enforcement actions,
including, but not limited to, the issuance of a capital directive to ensure
the maintenance of required capital levels.  Banking regulators will take
prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not
meet minimum capital requirements.  Additionally, approval of any regulatory
application filed for their review may be dependent on compliance with capital
requirements.

At December 31, 2000, all the Banks were categorized as "well capitalized"
under the prompt corrective action regulations of the FDIC.


                                    30

<PAGE>



Standards for Safety and Soundness:  The federal banking regulatory agencies
have prescribed, by regulation, standards for all insured depository
institutions relating to: (i) internal controls, information systems and
internal audit systems; (ii) loan documentation; (iii) credit underwriting;
(iv) interest rate risk exposure; (v) asset growth; (vi) asset quality; (vii)
earnings and (viii) compensation, fees and benefits (Guidelines).  The
Guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal
banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository
institutions before capital becomes impaired.  If the FDIC determines that
either Bank fails to meet any standard prescribed by the Guidelines, the
agency may require the Bank to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to
achieve compliance with the standard.

Capital Requirements:  The FDIC's minimum capital standards applicable to
FDIC-regulated banks and savings banks require the most highly-rated
institutions to meet a "Tier 1" leverage capital ratio of at least 3% of total
assets.  Tier 1 (or "core capital") consists of common stockholders' equity,
noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and minority interests in consolidated
subsidiaries minus all intangible assets other than limited amounts of
purchased mortgage servicing rights and certain other accounting adjustments.
All other banks must have a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 100-200 basis
points above the 3% minimum.  The FDIC capital regulations establish a minimum
leverage ratio of not less than 4% for banks that are not highly rated or are
anticipating or experiencing significant growth.

Any insured bank with a Tier 1 capital to total assets ratio of less than 2%
is deemed to be operating in an unsafe and unsound condition unless the
insured bank enters into a written agreement, to which the FDIC is a party, to
correct its capital deficiency. Insured banks operating with Tier 1 capital
levels below 2% (and which have not entered into a written agreement) are
subject to an insurance removal action. Insured banks operating with lower
than the prescribed minimum capital levels generally will not receive approval
of applications submitted to the FDIC. Also, inadequately capitalized state
nonmember banks will be subject to such administrative action as the FDIC
deems necessary.

FDIC regulations also require that banks meet a risk-based capital standard.
The risk-based capital standard requires the maintenance of total capital
(which is defined as Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 or supplementary capital) to
risk weighted assets of 8% and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4%.
In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets, all assets, plus certain
off balance sheet items, are multiplied by a risk-weight of 0% to 100%, based
on the risks the FDIC believes are inherent in the type of asset or item.  The
components of Tier 1 capital are equivalent to those discussed above under the
3% leverage requirement. The components of supplementary capital currently
include cumulative perpetual preferred stock, adjustable-rate perpetual
preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, term subordinated debt,
intermediate-term preferred stock and allowance for possible loan and lease
losses.  Allowance for possible loan and lease losses includable in
supplementary capital is limited to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted
assets.  Overall, the amount of capital counted toward supplementary capital
cannot exceed 100% of Tier 1 capital.

FDIC capital requirements are designated as the minimum acceptable standards
for banks whose overall financial condition is fundamentally sound, which are
well-managed and have no material or significant financial weaknesses.  The
FDIC capital regulations state that, where the FDIC determines that the
financial history or condition, including off-balance sheet risk, managerial
resources and/or the future earnings prospects of a bank are not adequate
and/or a bank has a significant volume of assets classified substandard,
doubtful or loss or otherwise criticized, the FDIC may determine that the
minimum adequate amount of capital for that bank is greater than the minimum
standards established in the regulation.

The Company believes that, under the current regulations, the Banks will
continue to meet their minimum capital requirements in the foreseeable future.
However, events beyond the control of the Banks, such as a downturn in the
economy in areas where the Banks have most of their loans, could adversely
affect future earnings and, consequently, the ability of the Banks to meet
their capital requirements.

                                    31

<PAGE>



For additional information concerning the Bank's capital, see Note 17 of the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 7 of this
Form 10-K.

Activities and Investments of Insured State-Chartered Banks:  Federal law
generally limits the activities and equity investments of FDIC-insured,
state-chartered banks to those that are permissible for national banks.  Under
regulations dealing with equity investments, an insured state bank generally
may not directly or indirectly acquire or retain any equity investment of a
type, or in an amount, that is not permissible for a national bank.  An
insured state bank is not prohibited from, among other things, (i) acquiring
or retaining a majority interest in a subsidiary, (ii) investing as a limited
partner in a partnership the sole purpose of which is direct or indirect
investment in the acquisition, rehabilitation or new construction of a
qualified housing project, provided that such limited partnership investments
may not exceed 2% of the bank's total assets, (iii) acquiring up to 10% of the
voting stock of a company that solely provides or reinsures directors',
trustees' and officers' liability insurance coverage or bankers' blanket bond
group insurance coverage for insured depository institutions, and (iv)
acquiring or retaining the voting shares of a depository institution if
certain requirements are met.

Federal law provides that an insured state-chartered bank may not, directly or
indirectly through a subsidiary, engage as "principal" in any activity that is
not permissible for a national bank unless the FDIC has determined that such
activities would pose no risk to the insurance fund of which it is a member
and the bank is in compliance with applicable regulatory capital requirements.
Any insured state-chartered bank directly or indirectly engaged in any
activity that is not permitted for a national bank must cease the
impermissible activity.

Federal Reserve System: The Federal Reserve Board requires, under Regulation
D, reserves on all depository institutions that maintain transaction accounts
or nonpersonal time deposits.  These reserves may be in the form of cash or
non-interest-bearing deposits with the regional Federal Reserve Bank.  NOW
accounts and other types of accounts that permit payments or transfers to
third parties fall within the definition of transaction accounts and are
subject to Regulation D reserve requirements, as are any nonpersonal time
deposits at a bank.  Under Regulation D, a bank must establish reserves equal
to 3% of the first $47.8 million of transaction accounts, of which the first
$4.4 million is exempt, and 10% on the remainder. The reserve requirement on
nonpersonal time deposits with original maturities of less than 1-1/2 years is
0%.  As of December 31, 2000, the Banks met their reserve requirements.

Affiliate Transactions: The Company and the Banks are legal entities separate
and distinct.  Various legal limitations restrict the Banks from lending or
otherwise supplying funds to the Company (an "affiliate"), generally limiting
such transactions with the affiliate to 10% of the Bank's capital and surplus
and limiting all such transactions to 20% of the Bank's capital and surplus.
Such transactions, including extensions of credit, sales of securities or
assets and provision of services, also must be on terms and conditions
consistent with safe and sound banking practices, including credit standards,
that are substantially the same or at least as favorable to the Banks as those
prevailing at the time for transactions with unaffiliated companies.

Federally insured banks are subject, with certain exceptions, to certain
restrictions on extensions of credit to their parent holding companies or
other affiliates, on investments in the stock or other securities of
affiliates and on the taking of such stock or securities as collateral from
any borrower.  In addition, such banks are prohibited from engaging in certain
tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit or the
providing of any property or service.

Community Reinvestment Act:  Banks are also subject to the provisions of the
Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, which requires the appropriate federal
bank regulatory agency, in connection with its regular examination of a bank,
to assess the bank's record in meeting the credit needs of the community
serviced by the bank, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The
regulatory agency's assessment of the bank's record is made available to the
public.  Further, such assessment is required of any bank which has applied,
among other things, to establish a new branch office that will accept
deposits, relocate an existing office or merge or consolidate with, or acquire
the assets or assume the liabilities of, a federally regulated financial
institution.

Dividends:  Dividends from the Banks constitute the major source of funds for
dividends paid by the Company.  The amount of dividends payable by the Banks
to the Company will depend upon the Banks' earnings and capital position, and
is limited by federal and state laws, regulations and policies.

Federal law further provides that no insured depository institution may make
any capital distribution (which would include a cash dividend) if, after
making the distribution, the institution would be "undercapitalized," as
defined in the prompt corrective action regulations.  Moreover, the federal
bank regulatory agencies also have the general authority to limit the
dividends paid by insured banks if such payments should be deemed to
constitute an unsafe and unsound practice.

                                    32

<PAGE>

The Company

General:  The Company, as sole shareholder of the Banks, is a bank holding
company registered with the Federal Reserve.  Bank holding companies are
subject to comprehensive regulation by the Federal Reserve under the Bank
Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHCA), and the regulations of the
Federal Reserve.  The Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve
annual reports and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may
require and is subject to regular examinations by the Federal Reserve.  The
Federal Reserve also has extensive enforcement authority over bank holding
companies, including, among other things, the ability to assess civil money
penalties, to issue cease and desist or removal orders and to require that a
holding company divest subsidiaries (including its bank subsidiaries).  In
general, enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of law and
regulations and unsafe or unsound practices.

New Legislation.  On November 12, 1999, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial
Services Modernization Act of 1999 was signed into law.  The purpose of this
legislation is to modernize the financial services industry by establishing a
comprehensive framework to permit affiliations among commercial banks,
insurance companies, securities firms and other financial service providers.
Generally, the Act:

     (a)  repeals the historical restrictions and eliminates many federal and
          state law barriers to affiliations among banks, securities firms,
          insurance companies and other financial service providers;

     (b)  provides a uniform framework for the functional regulation of the
          activities of banks, savings institutions and their holding
          companies;

     (c)  broadens the activities that may be conducted by national banks,
          banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies and their financial
          subsidiaries;

     (d)  provides an enhanced framework for protecting the privacy of
          consumer information;

     (e)  adopts a number of provisions related to the capitalization,
          membership, corporate governance and other measures designed to
          modernize the FHLB system;

     (f)  modifies the laws governing the implementation of the Community
          Reinvestment Act; and

     (g)  addresses a variety of other legal and regulatory issues affecting
          day-to-day operations and long-term activities of financial
          institutions.

Acquisitions. Under the BHCA, a bank holding company must obtain Federal
Reserve approval before: (1) acquiring, directly or indirectly, ownership or
control of any voting shares of another bank or bank holding company if, after
such acquisition, it would own or control more than 5% of such shares (unless
it already owns or controls the majority of such shares); (2) acquiring all or
substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company; or
(3) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company.

The BHCA also prohibits a bank holding company, with certain exceptions, from
acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the
voting shares of any company that is not a bank or bank holding company and
from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of
banking, managing or controlling banks, or providing services for its
subsidiaries.  The principal exceptions to these prohibitions involve certain
nonbank activities which, by statute or by Federal Reserve regulation or
order, have been identified as activities closely related to the business of
banking or managing or controlling banks.  The list of activities permitted by
the Federal Reserve includes, among other things:  operating a savings
institution, mortgage company, finance company, credit card company or
factoring company; performing certain data processing operations; providing
certain investment and financial advice; underwriting and acting as an
insurance agent for certain types of credit-related insurance; leasing
property on a full-payout, non-operating basis; selling money orders,
travelers' checks and U.S. Savings Bonds; real estate and personal property
appraising; providing tax planning and preparation services; and, subject to
certain limitations, providing securities brokerage services for customers.

                                    33

<PAGE>



Interstate Banking and Branching.  The Federal Reserve must approve an
application of an adequately capitalized and adequately managed bank holding
company to acquire control of, or acquire all or substantially all of the
assets of, a bank located in a state other than such holding company's home
state, without regard to whether the transaction is prohibited by the laws of
any state.  The Federal Reserve may not approve the acquisition of a bank that
has not been in existence for the minimum time period (not exceeding five
years) specified by the statutory law of the host state.  Nor may the Federal
Reserve approve an application if the applicant (and its depository
institution affiliates) controls or would control more than 10% of the insured
deposits in the United States or 30% or more of the deposits in the target
bank's home state or in any state in which the target bank maintains a branch.
Federal law does not affect the authority of states to limit the percentage of
total insured deposits in the state which may be held or controlled by a bank
holding company to the extent such limitation does not discriminate against
out-of-state banks or bank holding companies.  Individual states may also
waive the 30% state-wide concentration limit contained in the federal law.

The Federal banking agencies are authorized to approve interstate merger
transactions without regard to whether such transaction is prohibited by the
law of any state, unless the home state of one of the banks adopted a law
prior to June 1, 1997 which applies equally to all out-of-state banks and
expressly prohibits merger transactions involving out-of-state banks.
Interstate acquisitions of branches will be permitted only if the law of the
state in which the branch is located permits such acquisitions.  Interstate
mergers and branch acquisitions will also be subject to the nationwide and
statewide insured deposit concentration amounts described above.

Dividends:  The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement on the payment
of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the Federal
Reserve's view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to
the extent that the company's net income for the past year is sufficient to
cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earning retention that is
consistent with the company's capital needs, asset quality and overall
financial condition.  The Federal Reserve also indicated that it would be
inappropriate for a company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow
funds to pay dividends.

Capital Requirements:  The Federal Reserve has established capital adequacy
guidelines for bank holding companies that generally parallel the capital
requirements of the FDIC for the Banks.  The Federal Reserve regulations
provide that capital standards will be applied on a consolidated basis in the
case of a bank holding company with $150 million or more in total consolidated
assets.

The Company's total risk based capital must equal 8% of risk-weighted assets
and one half of the 8% (4%) must consist of Tier 1 (core) capital.  As of
December 31, 2000 the Company's total risk based capital was 12.29% of
risk-weighted assets and its risk based capital of Tier 1 (core) capital was
11.14% of risk-weighted assets.

Stock Repurchases.  Bank holding companies, except for certain
"well-capitalized" and highly rated bank holding companies, are required to
give the Federal Reserve prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of
its outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase
or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such
purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10% or
more of their consolidated net worth.  The Federal Reserve may disapprove such
a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute
an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law, regulation, Federal
Reserve order, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the
Federal Reserve.

At its November, 2000 meeting, the Board of Directors authorized the
repurchase of up to 5% (approximately 600,000 shares) of the Company's
outstanding common stock over a 12 month period. Shares may be purchased from
time to time depending upon market conditions, price and other management
considerations.  During the year ended December 31, 2000, the Company
repurchased 393,673 shares of its common stock, compared to the repurchase of
693,148 shares of common stock under the prior plan during the comparable
prior year period.   As of December 31, 2000, the Company has repurchased a
total of 3,287,923 shares.

                                    34

<PAGE>



                        MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL

Executive Officers

The following table sets forth information with respect to the executive
officers of the Company as of December 31, 2000.

Name             Age (1)  Position with Company      Position with Banks
----             -------  ---------------------      -------------------

Gary Sirmon      57       Chief Executive Officer,   BB - Chief Executive
                          President and Director     Officer and Director
                                                     BBO - Director

Lloyd Baker      52       Executive Vice President,  BB, BBO - Executive Vice
                          Chief Financial Officer    President and Chief
                                                     Financial Officer

Michael K.
 Larsen          58       Executive Vice President,  BB - Executive Vice
                          Chief Lending Officer      President and Chief
                                                     Lending Officer

Cynthia Purcell  43       Executive Vice President,  BB, Executive Vice
                          Chief Operating Officer    President and Chief
                                                     Operating Officer

Jesse G. Foster  62       Director                   BBO-Chief Executive
                                                     Officer, President and
                                                     Director

S. Rick Meikle   53       Director                   BB - President and
                                                     Director, BBO- Director

(1)  As of December 31, 2000.

Biographical Information

Set forth is certain information regarding the executive officers of the
Company, directors or executive officers.  There are no family relationships
among or between the directors or executive officers.

Gary Sirmon is Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of the
Company; Chief Executive Officer of BB; and a Director of BB and BBO.  He
joined FSBW (now BB) in 1980 as an Executive Vice President and assumed his
current position in 1982.

Lloyd Baker is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, BB and BBO.  He joined FSBW in 1995 as a Vice President.

Michael K. Larsen is Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of BB
and is an Executive Vice President of the Company.  He joined FSBW in 1981.

Cynthia Purcell is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the
Company and BB.  She joined IEB(now BBO) in 1981.

Jesse G. Foster is the Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of
BBO and a Director of the Company.  He joined IEB in 1962.

S. Rick Meikle is President and a Director of BB and a Director of the
Company.  He helped form TB (merged with BB) in 1991.

                                35

<PAGE>



Item 2 - Properties

The Company's home office, which is owned by the Company, is located in Walla
Walla, Washington.  FSBW has, in total, 23 branch offices including five WSB
offices and two SCB offices, located in Washington and Idaho.  These offices
are located in the cities of Walla Walla (4), Kennewick (2), Richland,
Clarkston, Sunnyside, Yakima (4), Selah, Wenatchee, Dayton, Bellingham,
Ferndale, Lynden, Blaine, Point Roberts and the two SCB offices which are
located in Lewiston, Idaho.  Of these offices, 15 are owned by the Company and
8 are leased.  The leases expire from 2000 through 2006.  In addition to
these, FSBW has five leased loan production offices in Bellevue, Spokane,
Puyallup, Bellingham and Oak Harbor, Washington plus FSBW leases two
administration offices in Walla Walla, Washington.  The leases expire from
2000 through 2002.  IEB's main office is located in Hermiston, Oregon and is
owned by the Company.  IEB has, in total, six branch offices and a drive-up
facility, all of which are located in the State of Oregon.  These offices, and
the drive up facility, which are owned by the Company, are located in
Hermiston, Pendleton, Umatilla, Boardman and Stanfield.  IEB has two loan
production offices, one in Condon, which is on a month-to-month lease and one
in La Grande, which is on a lease which expires in 2003.  IEB also leases a
facility in Hermiston for its information systems and it leases a grocery
branch in Pendleton.  These leases expire in 2001 and 2004, respectively.
Towne Bank operates from seven branch locations, all of which are leased under
agreements which expire from 2000 to 2006.  TB offices are located in
Woodinville, Bellevue, Redmond, Bothell, Renton, Everett and Kirkland,
Washington.  The Company's net investment in its offices, premises, equipment
and leaseholds was $16.6 million at December 31, 1999.

Item 3 - Legal Proceedings

Periodically, there have been various claims and lawsuits involving the Banks,
mainly as a defendant, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation
proceedings on properties in which the Banks hold security interests, claims
involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other issues
incident to the Banks' business.  The Company and the Banks are not a party to
any pending legal proceedings that it believes would have a material adverse
effect on the financial condition or operations of the Company.

Item 4 - Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

None.

                                36

<PAGE>



                               Part II

Item 5 - Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Stock Listing

Banner Corporation common stock is traded over-the-counter on The Nasdaq Stock
Market  under the symbol "BANR."  Newspaper stock tables list the company as
"Banner Corp"..  Stockholders of record at December 31, 2000 totaled 1,131.
This total does not reflect the number of persons or entitles who hold stock
in nominee or "street" name through various brokerage firms.  The following
tables show the reported high and low sale prices of the Company's common
stock for the year ended December 31, 2000, nine months ended December 31,
1999 and the three year period ended March 31, 1999.

                                                              Cash
        Year Ended                                         Dividends
        December 31, 2000        High         Low           Declared
        -----------------        ----         ---           --------
        First quarter(1)        $16.59      $11.93           $0.127
        Second quarter(1)        15.91       11.70            0.127
        Third quarter(1)         14.87       11.99            0.127
        Fourth quarter           15.25       12.94            0.140

                                                              Cash
        Nine Months Ended                                  Dividends
        December 31, 1999(1)     High         Low           Declared
        -----------------        ----         ---           --------
        First quarter           $20.00      $16.42           $0.109
        Second quarter           18.18       15.85            0.109
        Third quarter            17.50       13.41            0.109


                                                              Cash
        Year Ended                                         Dividends
        March 31, 1999(1)        High         Low           Declared
        -----------------        ----         ---           --------
        First quarter(1)        $23.04      $19.83           $0.074
        Second quarter           21.49       17.61            0.082
        Third quarter            21.82       18.07            0.082
        Fourth quarter           21.82       16.70            0.109

       (1)  Restated to reflect 10% stock dividend granted in August 1998
            and November, 2000 see Note 2 to Consolidated Financial
            Statements.

                                37

<PAGE>

Item 6 - Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data

During May of 1999, the Company announced its decision to change its fiscal
year end from March 31 to December 31 beginning with the period ended on
December 31, 1999.  The information presented for the nine months ended
December 31, 1998 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 1999 is for
comparative purposes only and has not been subjected to a financial audit.
These tables set forth selected consolidated financial and other data of the
Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.  This information is
derived from and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed
information and Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto presented
elsewhere in this or prior filings.


<TABLE>

FINANCIAL CONDITION DATA:              At December 31                   At  March 31 (2)
(In thousands)                    ------------------------    --------------------------------------
                                     2000          1999          1999           1998         1997
                                     ----          ----          ----           ----         ----
<S>                               <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Total assets                      $1,982,831    $1,820,110    $1,631,900    $1,154,072    $1,007,633
Loans receivable, net              1,471,769     1,308,164     1,102,669       756,917       645,881
Cash and securities (1)              393,871       406,886       436,679       345,142       312,991
Deposits                           1,192,715     1,078,152       950,848       602,522       555,706
Borrowings                           581,636       548,179       486,719       389,272       293,700
Stockholders' equity                 193,795       179,173       183,608       150,184       148,636
Shares outstanding
  excluding unearned, restricted
  shares held in ESOP                 11,372        11,591        11,992        11,176        11,790
</TABLE>

<TABLE>

                       For the Years        For the 9-month period            For the Years
                       Ended December 31      Ended December 31              Ended March 31 (2)
OPERATING DATA:     ----------------------  ---------------------   -----------------------------------
(In thousands)         2000         1999       1999        1998       1999        1998          1997
                    ----------------------  ---------------------   -----------------------------------
                                 Unaudited              Unaudited
<S>                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>
Interest income     $ 158,298   $ 131,502   $ 101,032   $  81,822   $ 112,292   $  85,147     $  67,292
Interest expense       89,594      69,360      53,201      44,283      60,442      46,651        36,372
                    ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------     ---------
Net interest income    68,704      62,142      47,831      37,539      51,850      38,496        30,920
Provision for loan
  losses                2,867       2,516       1,885       2,210       2,841       1,628         1,423
                    ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------     ---------
  Net interest income
   after provision for
   loan losses         65,837      59,626      45,946      35,329      49,009      36,868        29,497
Gains from sale of loans
  and securities        2,580       1,995       1,159       2,059       2,895       1,379           686
Other operating income  6,671       5,617       4,356       3,297       4,558       3,341         2,384
Other operating
  expenses             46,502      39,873      30,522      22,394      31,745      21,020        19,330
                    ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------     ---------
  Income before
    provision for
    income taxes       28,586      27,365      20,939      18,291      24,717      20,568        13,237
Provision for
  income taxes         10,238      10,467       8,070       6,880       9,277       7,446         3,923
                    ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------     ---------
  Net income        $  18,348   $  16,898   $  12,869   $  11,411   $  15,440   $  13,122     $   9,314
                    =========   =========   =========   =========   =========   =========     =========
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
                                               At or For the
                       At or For the Years     9-month period                At or For the Years
PER SHARE DATA:(3)     Ended December 31      Ended December 31               Ended March 31 (2)
                    ---------------------   ---------------------   -----------------------------------
                        2000       1999        1999        1998        1999        1998         1997
                    ---------------------   ---------------------   -----------------------------------
                                 Unaudited              Unaudited
<S>                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>
Net income:
  Basic             $    1.62   $    1.46   $    1.12   $    0.99   $    1.33   $    1.18     $    0.80
  Diluted                1.60        1.41        1.09        0.94        1.27        1.13          0.79
Stockholders'
  equity (4)            17.04       15.46       15.46       14.72       15.31       13.44         12.61
Cash dividends           0.52        0.44        0.33        0.24        0.35        0.25          0.18
Dividend payout
  ratio (diluted)       32.63%      30.92%      30.25%      25.00%      27.14%      21.60%        22.99%

                                   (footnotes on following page)
</TABLE>
                                                   38

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS: (5)
                                               At or For the
                       At or For the Years     9-month period                At or For the Years
                       Ended December 31      Ended December 31               Ended March 31 (2)
                    ----------------------  ---------------------   -----------------------------------
                        2000       1999        1999        1998        1999        1998         1997
                    ----------------------  ---------------------   -----------------------------------
                                 Unaudited              Unaudited
<S>                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>
Performance Ratios:
 Return on average
  assets (6)             0.95%       1.00%       0.99%       1.09%       1.08%       1.21%         1.04%
 Return on average
  equity (7)             9.96        9.38        9.49        8.86        8.91        8.70          6.30
 Average equity to
  average assets         9.58       10.65       10.44       12.35       12.07       13.86         16.58
 Interest rate
  spread (8)             3.49        3.63        3.64        3.42        3.45        3.13          2.88
 Net interest
  margin (9)             3.77        3.90        3.91        3.81        3.83        3.68          3.59
 Non-interest
  income to
  average assets         0.48        0.45        0.42        0.51        0.52        0.43          0.34
 Non-interest
  expense to
  average assets         2.42        2.36        2.35        2.15        2.21        1.93          2.17
 Efficiency ratio (10)  59.65       57.16       57.22       52.21       53.53       48.64         56.87
 Average interest-
  earning assets
  to interest-
  bearing liabilities  105.67      106.27      106.01      108.76      108.30      112.53        116.97

Asset Quality Ratios:
 Allowance for loan
  losses as a percent
  of total loans at
  end of period          1.03        1.02        1.02        1.10        1.10        1.03          0.94
 Net charge-offs as
  a percent of average
  outstanding loans
  during the period      0.06        0.10        0.09        0.10        0.14        0.08          0.04
 Non-performing
  assets as a percent
  of total assets        0.59        0.48        0.48        0.37        0.57        0.20          0.31
 Ratio of allowance
  for loan losses to
  non-performing
  loans (11)             1.83        2.67        2.67        3.30        1.60        5.53          3.20
Consolidated Capital
  Ratio:
   Tier 1 leverage
    capital ratio        8.25        8.39        8.39        9.82        9.44       12.17         13.68

</TABLE>



(1) Includes securities available for sale and held to maturity.
(2) Certain amounts in the prior periods' financial statements have been
    reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation.  These
    reclassifications have affected certain ratios for the prior periods.
    The effect of such reclassifications is immaterial.
(3) Per share data have been adjusted for the 10% stock dividend paid in
    August 1998 and November 2000.
(4) Calculated using shares outstanding excluding unearned restricted shares
    held in ESOP.
(5) Ratios are annualized.
(6) Net income divided by average assets.
(7) Net income divided by average equity.
(8) Difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the
    average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.
(9) Net interest income before provision for loan losses as a percent of
    average interest-earning assets.
(10)Other operating expenses divided by the total of net interest income
    before loan losses and other operating income (non-interest income).
(11)Non-performing loans consist of nonaccrual and 90 days past due loans.

                                39

<PAGE>




ITEM 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) and other portions of this report
contain certain "forward-looking statements" concerning the future operations
of Banner Corporation.  Management desires to take advantage of the "safe
harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and
is including this statement for the express purpose of availing the Company of
the protections of such safe harbor with respect to all "forward-looking
statements" contained in this report and our Annual Report.  We have used
"forward-looking statements" to describe future plans and strategies,
including our expectations of the Company's future financial results.
Management's ability to predict results or the effect of future plans or
strategies is inherently uncertain.  Factors which could affect actual results
include interest rate trends, the general economic climate in the Company's
market area and the country as a whole, the ability of the Company to control
costs and expenses, the ability of the Company to efficiently incorporate
acquisitions into its operations, competitive products and pricing, loan
delinquency rates, and changes in federal and state regulation.  These factors
should be considered in evaluating the "forward-looking statements," and undue
reliance should not be placed on such statements.

General

Banner Corporation (the Company or BANR), a Washington corporation, is
primarily engaged in the business of planning, directing and coordinating the
business activities of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Banner Bank (BB) and
Banner Bank of Oregon (BBO).  Prior to the consolidation and name change,
which occurred on October 30, 2000, the Company's subsidiaries included First
Savings Bank of Washington (FSBW), Inland Empire Bank (IEB) and Towne Bank
(TB) (together, the Banks).  As of December 31, 2000, Banner Bank is a
Washington-chartered commercial bank the deposits of which are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) under the Savings Association
Insurance Fund (SAIF).  As of December 31, 2000, BB conducted business from
its main office in Walla Walla, Washington, and its 32 branch offices and four
loan production offices located in Washington, Idaho and Oregon. Banner Bank
of Oregon is an Oregon-chartered commercial bank and its deposits are insured
by the FDIC under the Bank Insurance Fund (BIF)..  BBO conducts business from
its main office in Hermiston, Oregon, and its six branch offices and one loan
production office located in northeast Oregon.  Prior to merging with FSBW on
October 30, 2000, TB was a Washington-chartered commercial bank whose deposits
were insured by the FDIC under BIF.  As of October 30, 2000, TB conducted
business from seven full service branches in the Seattle, Washington,
metropolitan area.  An eighth Seattle area office opened in November 2000.

During May 1999, the Company announced its decision to change its fiscal year
from April 1 through March 31 to January 1 through December 31.  For
discussion and analysis purposes, the year ended December 31, 2000 is compared
to the unaudited year ended December 31, 1999 and the nine months ended
December 31, 1999 are compared to the unaudited nine-month period ended
December 31, 1998.

The operating results of BANR depend primarily on its net interest income,
which is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets,
consisting of loans and investment securities, and interest expense on
interest-bearing liabilities, composed primarily of savings deposits and
Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances.  Net interest income is primarily a
function of BANR's interest rate spread, which is the difference between the
yield earned on interest-earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing
liabilities, as well as a function of the average balance of interest-earning
assets as compared to the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities.  As
more fully explained below, BANR's net interest income significantly increased
for the year ended December 31, 2000, when compared to the year ended December
31, 1999.  This increase in net interest income was due to the significant
asset and liability growth which occurred at BANR.  The increase in net
interest income occurred despite a 14 basis point reduction of the interest
rate spread for the year, which resulted from changes in the mix of assets and
liabilities and changes in the levels of various market interest rates.  The
net interest margin also declined 13 basis points for the year reflecting the
reduced interest rate spread and the increased use of interest-bearing
liabilities relative to interest-earning assets as the Company continued to
leverage its equity capital. BANR's net income also is affected by provisions
for loan losses and the level of its other income, including deposit service
charges, loan origination and servicing fees, and gains and losses on the sale
of loans and securities, as well as its non-interest operating expenses and
income tax provisions.

Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations is intended to
assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.  The information contained in this section should be read in
conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                   40

<PAGE>



Recent Developments and Significant Events

Consolidation of Banking Operations:
-----------------------------------
On October 30, 2000 the Company changed its name from First Washington
Bancorp, Inc. (FWWB) to Banner Corporation in conjunction with a consolidation
of banking operations affecting its banking subsidiaries.  Towne Bank merged
with First Savings Bank, First Savings Bank converted from a Washington
state-chartered savings bank to a Washington state-chartered commercial bank,
and First Savings Bank changed its name, along with the names of its
divisions, Whatcom State Bank and Seaport Citizens Bank, to Banner Bank.  At
the same time, Inland Empire Bank changed its name to Banner Bank of Oregon.

The combination was designed to strengthen the Company's commitment to
community banking by more effectively sharing the resources of the existing
subsidiaries, improving operating efficiency and developing a broader regional
brand identity.  Final integration of all data processing into a common system
is scheduled for completion by December 31, 2001.  In light of the new
Gramm-Leach-Bliley financial modernization legislation, the Company chose to
retain a separate charter for Banner Bank of Oregon (formerly IEB) and to
operate two banking subsidiaries.  That recent legislation enacts Federal Home
Loan Bank System reforms that impact community financial institutions.  A
community financial institution is defined as a "member of the Federal Home
Loan Bank (FHLB) System, the deposits of which are insured by the FDIC and
that has average total assets (over the preceding three years) of less than
$500 million."  One provision of the reforms provides community financial
institutions with the ability to obtain long-term FHLB advances to fund small
business, small farm and small agribusiness loans.  In addition, community
financial institutions are able to offer these loans as collateral for such
borrowings. This provision, which represents a change in policy from the
previous requirement that these funds be securitized primarily by residential
mortgage loans, will be available only to community financial institutions.
As an independent subsidiary, Banner Bank of Oregon currently qualifies as a
community financial institution.  Merging BBO into BB would disqualify it and
remove this favorable status.  On the other hand, consolidation of support
operations continues and the Company expects to receive long-term benefits
from the proposed efficiencies.  The Banks use one name, Banner Bank, and are
united under the leadership of an experienced management team.  The same ten
individuals serve as members of the Board of Directors of Banner Corporation
and each of the Banks.

Declaration of 10% Stock Dividend:
---------------------------------
On October 19, 2000, BANR's Board of Directors declared a 10% stock dividend
payable November 10, 2000 to shareholders of record on October 31, 2000.  All
earnings per share and share data have been adjusted to reflect the 10% stock
dividend.

Mortgage Lending Subsidiary:
---------------------------
On April 1, 2000, FSBW (now Banner Bank) opened a new mortgage lending
subsidiary, Community Financial Corporation (CFC), located in the Lake Oswego
area of Portland, Oregon, with John Satterberg as President.  Primary lending
activities for CFC are in the area of construction and permanent financing for
one- to four-family residential dwellings.  CFC, an Oregon corporation,
functions as a wholly owned subsidiary of Banner Bank.  BB has capitalized CFC
with $2 million of equity capital and provides funding support for CFC's
lending operations.

Recent Accounting Standard:
--------------------------
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 133, Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, was issued in June 1998 and
establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, as
amended by SFAS Nos. 137 and 138, including certain derivative instruments
embedded in other contracts, and for hedging activities.  BANR implemented
this statement on January 1, 2001.  The impact of the adoption of this
statement on the results of operations and financial condition of BANR was
considered to be immaterial.

Recent Accounting Standard Not Yet Adopted:
------------------------------------------
In September 2000, FASB issued SFAS No. 140, Accounting for Transfers and
Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities, which
revises the standards for accounting for securitizations and other transfers
of financial assets and collateral and requires certain disclosures, but
carries over most of the provisions of SFAS No. 125 without reconsideration.
SFAS No. 140 is effective for transfers and servicing of financial assets and
extinguishments of liabilities occurring after March 31, 2001.  The provisions
of this statement are not expected to have a material effect on the Company's
financial position or results of operations.

                                   41

<PAGE>



Acquisition of Seaport Citizens Bank:
------------------------------------
On April 1, 1999, the Company and FSBW ( now operating as BB ) completed the
acquisition of Seaport Citizens Bank (SCB). FSBW paid $10.1 million in cash
for all the outstanding common shares of SCB, which was headquartered in
Lewiston, Idaho. As a result of the merger of SCB into FSBW, SCB became a
division of FSBW.  The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and
resulted in the recording of $6.1 million of costs in excess of the fair value
of SCB's net assets acquired (goodwill).  Goodwill assets are being amortized
over a 14-year period and resulted in a current charge to earnings of $108,100
per quarter, beginning in the  quarter ended June 30,1999, or $433,000 per
year. Founded in 1979, SCB was a commercial bank which had, before recording
of purchase accounting adjustments, approximately $45 million in total assets,
$41 million in deposits, $27 million in loans, and $4.1 million in
shareholders' equity at March 31, 1999.  SCB operated two full service
branches in Lewiston, Idaho.  SCB's results of operations are included in the
Company's consolidated results of operations and financial statements for all
periods subsequent to April 1,1999.

Acquisition of Whatcom State Bancorp, Inc.:
------------------------------------------
On January 1, 1999 the Company completed the acquisition of Whatcom State
Bancorp, Inc.  The Company paid $12.1 million in common stock for all the
outstanding common shares and stock options of Whatcom State Bancorp, Inc.,
which was the holding company for Whatcom State Bank (WSB), headquartered in
Bellingham, Washington.  As a result of the merger of Whatcom State Bancorp,
Inc. into the Company, WSB became a division of FSBW ( now operating as BB ).
The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and resulted in the recording
of approximately $6.0 million of costs in excess of the fair value of Whatcom
State Bancorp, Inc. net assets acquired (goodwill).  Goodwill assets are being
amortized over a 14-year period resulting in a current charge to earnings of
approximately $105,200 per quarter or $421,000 per year.  Founded in 1980, WSB
was a community commercial bank which had, before recording of purchase
accounting adjustments, approximately $99 million in total assets, $85 million
in deposits, $79 million in loans, and $5.4 million in shareholders' equity at
December 31, 1998.  WSB operated five branches in the Bellingham, Washington,
area Bellingham, Ferndale, Lynden, Blaine and Point Roberts.  WSB's results of
operations are included in the Company's consolidated results of operations
and financial statements for all periods subsequent to January 1,1999.

Acquisition of Towne Bancorp, Inc.:
----------------------------------
On April 1, 1998 the Company completed the acquisition of Towne Bancorp, Inc.
the Company paid  $28.2 million in cash and common stock for all of the
outstanding common shares and stock options of Towne Bancorp, Inc., which was
the holding company for Towne Bank (TB), headquartered in Woodinville,
Washington, a Seattle suburb.  As a result of the merger of Towne Bancorp,
Inc. into the Company, TB initially became a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. As noted above, TB was subsequently merged with FSBW (now known as
BB) on October 30, 2000 with the name of the consolidated bank changed to
Banner Bank.  The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and resulted in
the recording of $19.2 million of costs in excess of the fair value of Towne
Bancorp, Inc. net assets acquired (goodwill).  Goodwill assets are being
amortized over a 14-year period resulting in a current charge to earnings of
$343,800 per quarter or $1,375,000 per year. Founded in 1991, TB was a
community business bank which had, before recording of goodwill, approximately
$146 million in total assets, $134 million in deposits, $120 million in loans
and $9.3 million in shareholders' equity at March 31, 1998.

Comparison of Financial Condition at December 31, 2000 and 1999

Total assets increased $162.7 million, or 8.9%, from $1.820 billion at
December 31, 1999, to $1.983 billion at December 31, 2000. The growth of
$162.7 million occurred most significantly at BB and was funded primarily with
deposit growth and advances from the FHLB.  This growth represented a
continuation of management's plans to further leverage BANR's capital and
reflects the solid economic conditions in the markets where BANR operates.
Net loans receivable (gross loans less loans in process, deferred fees and
discounts, and allowance for loan losses) grew $163.6 million, or 12.5%, from
$1.308 billion at December 31, 1999, to $1.472 billion at December 31, 2000.
The increase in net loans included a $10.5 million decrease in residential
mortgages, an increase of $53.8 million in mortgages secured by commercial and
multifamily real estate, an increase of $76.6 million in construction and land
loans and an increase of $45.4 million in non-mortgage loans such as
commercial, agricultural and consumer loans.  These increased balances reflect
the Company's continuing effort to increase the portion of its assets invested
in loans and more specifically the portion of loans invested in commercial
real estate, construction and land development, and non-mortgage loans.  While
these loans are inherently of higher risk than residential mortgages,
management believes they can produce higher credit-adjusted returns to the
Company and provide better opportunities to develop comprehensive banking
relationships with borrowers than most residential mortgages.  The Company
also had an increase of $10.3 million in bank owned life insurance as a result
of the purchase of $10.0 million of new policies and the growth of cash
surrender values on both new and existing policies.  The majority of the
increase in

                                   42

<PAGE>



assets was funded by a net increase of $148.0 million in deposits and
borrowings.  Asset growth was also funded by net income from operations.
Deposits grew $114.6 million, or 10.6%, from $1.078 billion at December 31,
1999, to $1.193 billion at December 31, 2000.  FHLB advances increased $40.6
million from $466.5 million at December 31, 1999, to $507.1 million at
December 31, 2000.  Other borrowings, primarily reverse repurchase agreements
with securities dealers, decreased $7.1 million, from $81.7 million at
December 31, 1999, to $74.5 million at December 31, 2000. Securities available
for sale and held to maturity decreased $35.6 million, or 9.8%, from $362.1
million at December 31, 1999, to $326.5 million at December 31, 2000, as a
result of principal repayments and the sale of certain securities.  FHLB stock
increased $4.3 million, as BANR was required to purchase more stock as a
result of its increased use of FHLB advances.

Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and
1999

General. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2000 was $18.3 million, or
$1.60 per share (diluted), compared to net income of $16.9 million, or $1.41
per share (diluted), for the year ended December 31, 1999.  BANR's improved
operating results primarily reflect the significant growth of assets and
liabilities which was offset somewhat by the decline in net interest margin,
increased operating expenses and amortization of goodwill.  Net interest
margin declined 13 basis points for the year reflecting changes in the level
of market rates and the increased use of interest-bearing liabilities relative
to interest-earning assets as the Company continued to leverage its equity
capital.  Average equity was 9.58% of average assets for the year ended
December 31, 2000, compared to 10.65% of average assets for the year ended
December 31, 1999.  The modest changes in net interest spread and net interest
margin for the year are notable in light of the significant changes in the
level of market interest rates over the past 18 months.  However, margin
compression was significant for the two most recent quarters, as liability
costs increased 14 basis points more than asset yields during that period.
Continued pressure on the net interest margin appears likely in the current
market environment, with loan yields expected to decline more rapidly in the
near term than deposit costs as a result of the more immediate impact of
changes in the prime rate on loans and the fact that deposit cost declines
tend to lag changes in market rates.

Interest Income.  Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2000 was
$158.3 million compared to $131.5 million for the year ended December 31,
1999, an increase of $26.8 million, or 14.4%.  The increase in interest income
was a result of a $229.7 million, or 14.4%, growth in average balances of
interest-earning assets, and a 43 basis point increase in the average yield on
those assets. The yield on average interest-earning assets increased to 8.68%
for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to 8.25% for the same period a
year earlier. Average loans receivable for the year ended December 31, 2000
increased by $227.2 million, or 19.0%, when compared to the year ended
December 31, 1999, reflecting the Banks' significant internal growth.
Interest income on loans increased by $24.9 million, or 23.4%, compared to the
prior year, reflecting the impact of the increase in average loan balances and
a 33 basis point increase in the average loan yield.  The increase in average
loan yield largely resulted from the significant increase in market interest
rates, including a 175 basis point increase in the prime rate from the second
calendar quarter of 1999 to the end of the most recent period.  Adding to this
effect were changes in the mix of the loan portfolio and the impact on
adjustable and floating rate loans and new loan originations at higher levels
than other market interest rates over the past 18 months. Although certain
market rates declined in the second half of 2000 they remained significantly
higher than 12 to 18 months earlier.  Subsequent to December 31, 2000, the
Federal Reserve has engineered two 50 basis point reductions in the Fed Funds
Target Rate which has resulted in a 100 basis point decline in the prime rate.
Other market rates have also continued to decline in the first two months of
2001, although most intermediate and longer term interest rates have declined
by much smaller amounts than the prime rate during this period.  Loans yielded
9.23% for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 8.90% for the year
ended December 31, 1999.  The average balance of mortgage-backed securities,
investment securities, daily interest-bearing deposits and FHLB stock
increased by $2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, and the
interest and dividend income from those investments increased $1.9 million
compared to the year ended December 31, 1999 reflecting a 43 basis point
increase in yield.  The average yield on mortgage-backed securities increased
from 6.26% for the year ended December 31, 1999, to 6.80% for the comparable
period in 2000.  Yields on mortgage-backed securities were lower in the 1999
period reflecting the adverse impact of higher prepayments on the amortization
of purchase premiums on those securities as well as the impact of lower market
rates on the interest rates paid on the significant portion of those
securities that have adjustable interest rates.  In the year ended December
31, 2000, prepayments had diminished and market rates had increased reversing
both of those effects on mortgage-backed securities yields. The average yield
on investment securities and short term cash investments increased from 6.18%
for the year ended December 31, 1999, to 6.65% for the current year, also
reflecting the rise in interest rates during 1999 and early 2000. Earnings on
FHLB stock increased by $17,000, resulting from an increase of $3.2 million in
the average balance of FHLB stock for the year ended December 31, 2000, and
despite an 87 basis point decrease in the dividend yield on that stock.
Dividends on FHLB stock are established on a quarterly basis by vote of the
Directors of the FHLB.

                                   43

<PAGE>



Interest Expense.  Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2000 was
$89.6 million compared to $69.4 million for the year ended December 31, 1999,
an increase of $20.2 million, or 29.2%.  The increase in interest expense was
due to the $226.0 million growth in average interest-bearing liabilities and
the increase in the average cost of all interest-bearing liabilities from
4.62% to 5.19%.  The $140.0 million increase in average interest-bearing
deposits for the year ended December 31, 2000 reflects solid deposit growth
throughout the Company over the past 12 months.  Deposit interest expense
increased $12.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000. Average deposit
balances increased from $1.001 billion for the year ended December 31, 1999,
to $1.141 billion for the year ended December 31, 2000, while, at the same
time, the average rate paid on deposit balances increased 58 basis points.
The increase in the rate paid on deposits reflects the significant increase in
market interest rates over the level that prevailed a year earlier.  Average
FHLB advances totaled $509.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2000,
compared to $420.6 million during the year ended December 31, 1999, an
increase of $89.0 million that, combined with a 42 basis point increase in the
average cost of advances, resulted in a $7.3 million increase in related
interest expense.  The average rate paid on those advances increased to 6.19%
for the year ended December 31, 2000 from 5.77% for the year ended December
31, 1999. Other borrowings consist of retail repurchase agreements with
customers and repurchase agreements with investment banking firms secured by
certain investment securities.  The average balance for other borrowings
decreased $3.0 million from $78.3 million for the year ended December 31,
1999, to $75.3 million for the same period in 2000, while the related interest
expense increased $631,000 from $4.3 million to $4.9 million for the
respective periods.  The average rate paid on other borrowings was 6.52% in
the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 5.46% for the same period in
1999 also reflecting the increase in market interest rates.

Provision for Loan Losses.  During the year ended December 31, 2000, the
provision for loan losses was $2.9 million, compared to $2.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of $351,000.  The increase in the
provision for losses reflects the amount required to maintain the allowance
for losses at an appropriate level based upon management's evaluation of the
adequacy of general and specific loss reserves as more fully explained in the
following paragraphs. The higher provision in the current year reflects
changes in the portfolio mix and a higher level of non-performing loans,
although the amount of net charge-offs declined modestly from what occurred in
the prior year.  Net charge-offs decreased from $1.2 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999, to $920,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000.
Non-performing loans increased to $8.4 million at December 31, 2000, compared
to $5.1 million at December 31, 1999.  A comparison of the allowance for loan
losses at December 31, 2000 and 1999 shows an increase of $1.8 million to
$15.3 million at December 31, 2000 from $13.5 million at December 31, 1999.
The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of net loans (loans receivable
excluding allowance for losses) was 1.03% and 1.02% at December 31, 2000 and
1999, respectively.  The allowance for loan losses equaled 183% of
non-performing loans at December 31, 2000 compared to 267% of non-performing
loans at December 31, 1999.

The allowance for losses on loans is maintained at a level sufficient to
provide for estimated losses based on evaluating known and inherent risks in
the loan portfolio and upon management's continuing analysis of the factors
underlying the quality of the loan portfolio.  These factors include changes
in the size and composition of the loan portfolio, actual loan loss
experience, current economic conditions, detailed analysis of individual loans
for which full collectibility may not be assured, and determination of the
existence and realizable value of the collateral and guarantees securing the
loans.  Additions to the allowance are charged to earnings.  Recoveries on
previously charged off loans are credited to the allowance.  The reserve is
based upon factors and trends identified by management at the time financial
statements are prepared. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an
integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Banks'
allowance for loan losses.  Such agencies may require the Banks to provide
additions to the allowance based upon judgments different from management.
Although management uses the best information available, future adjustments to
the allowance may be necessary due to economic, operating, regulatory and
other conditions beyond the Banks' control.  The adequacy of general and
specific reserves is based on management's continuing evaluation of the
pertinent factors underlying the quality of the loan portfolio, including
changes in the size and composition of the loan portfolio, delinquency rates,
actual loan loss experience and current economic conditions.  Large groups of
smaller-balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment.
Loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment by the Banks include
residential real estate and consumer loans.  Smaller balance non-homogeneous
loans also may be evaluated collectively for impairment. Larger balance
non-homogeneous residential construction and land loans, commercial real
estate loans, commercial business loans and unsecured loans are individually
evaluated for impairment.  Loans are considered impaired when, based on
current information and events, management determines that it is probable that
the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the
contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors involved in determining
impairment include, but are not limited to, the financial condition of the
borrower, value of the underlying collateral and current status of the
economy. Impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or, as a
practical

                                   44

<PAGE>



expedient, at the loan's observable market price or the fair value of
collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.  Subsequent changes in the
value of impaired loans are included within the provision for loan losses in
the same manner in which impairment initially was recognized or as a reduction
in the provision that would otherwise be reported.

The Company's methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance
consists of several key elements, which include specific allowances, an
allocated formula allowance, and an unallocated allowance. Losses on specific
loans are provided for when the losses are probable and estimable. General
loan loss reserves are established to provide for inherent loan portfolio
risks not specifically provided for.  The level of general reserves is based
on analysis of potential exposures existing in the Banks' loan portfolios
including evaluation of historical trends, current market conditions and other
relevant factors identified by management at the time the financial statements
are prepared. The formula allowance is calculated by applying loss factors to
outstanding loans, excluding loans with specific allowances.  Loss factors are
based on the Company's historical loss experience adjusted for significant
factors including the experience of other banking organizations that, in
management's judgment, affect the collectibility of the portfolio as of the
evaluation date. The unallocated allowance is based upon management's
evaluation of various factors that are not directly measured in the
determination of the formula and specific allowances. This methodology may
result in losses or recoveries differing significantly from those provided in
the financial statements.

Other Operating Income.  Other operating income for the year ended December
31, 2000, increased $1.6 million from the comparable period in 1999. The
$528,000 increase in gains from the sale of loans and securities for the year
ended December 31, 2000, occurred despite the adverse impact of the rising
rate environment that occurred during the first few months of the year and a
slight decline in loan sales from $143.8 million for the year ended December
31, 1999, to $135.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2000.  Gains on
loan sales increased significantly in the most recent quarter as the interest
rate environment improved for mortgage banking activities.  Gain on sale of
loans also was augmented in the second half of 2000 by activity at CFC.  In
addition, the Company recorded $519,000 of gain on sale in the fourth quarter
of the year as a result of a portfolio restructuring transaction which
included the sale of approximately $27.5 million of slightly seasoned one- to
four-family loans.  Gain on sale of loans for the year ended December 31,
2000, also includes a $289,000 gain on the sale of all of the Company's $7.6
million credit card loans.  Income from other fees and service charges
increased by $853,000 primarily due to growth in customer relationships and
deposits.

Other Operating Expenses.  Other operating expenses increased $6.6 million
from $39.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, to $46.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000. Increases in other operating expenses
reflect the growth in assets and liabilities, customer relationships and
complexity of operations as BANR continues to expand.  The increase in
expenses reflects approximately $900,000 in non-recurring costs associated
with reorganizing under the Banner name, as well as the addition of two new
bank branches opened during this year.  The increase also reflects expenses
associated with the new lending subsidiary, CFC.  The increase in other
operating expenses was partially offset by a $257,000 increase in capitalized
loan origination costs.  The higher operating expenses associated with BANR's
transition to more of a commercial bank profile, coupled with pressure on net
interest margin, caused BANR's efficiency ratio, excluding the amortization of
goodwill, to increase to 55.59% (59.65% including goodwill), for the year
ended December 31, 2000, from 52.79% (57.16% including goodwill) for the year
ended December 31, 1999.  Other operating expenses as a percentage of average
assets increased to 2.42% (2.30% excluding the amortization of goodwill) for
the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 2.36% (2.23% excluding the
amortization of goodwill) for the year ended December 31, 1999.

Income Taxes.  Income tax expense was $10.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2000, compared to $10.5 million for the comparable period in
1999.  The $229,000 decrease in the provision for income taxes reflects a
higher level of income being taxed at slightly lower effective rates.  The
lower effective rate is due to a reduction in future expected state tax
liability; the declining relative contribution of BBO, which is subject to
Oregon state income taxes; the fact that a declining relative portion of the
expense recorded in the release of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
shares is not deductible for tax purposes; the decline in the relative amount
of goodwill amortization which is also not deductible for tax purposes and the
recovery of amounts previously accrued for certain tax matters relating to
years now closed to audit.  The Company's effective tax rates for the years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, were 36% and 38%, respectively.

                                   45

<PAGE>



Comparison of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended December 31,
1999 and 1998

General. Net income for the nine-month period ended December 31, 1999 was
$12.9 million, or $1.09 per share (diluted), compared to net income of $11.4
million, or $0.94 per share (diluted), for the nine months ended December 31,
1998. Net income for the nine months ended December 31, 1999 increased $1.5
million from the comparable nine-month period ended December 31, 1998. The
Company's improved operating results for the 1999 period reflect the
significant growth of assets and liabilities as well as improvements in net
interest margin and non-interest revenues which were offset somewhat by
increased operating expenses and amortization of goodwill.  Compared to levels
a year earlier, total assets increased 23.9% to $1.820 billion at December 31,
1999, total loans rose 34.0% to $1.308 billion, deposits grew 33.2% to $1.078
billion and borrowings increased 14.6% to $548.2 million.  Net interest margin
improved, despite the adverse effects of prepayment of certain higher yielding
seasoned loans in late 1998 and early 1999 and rising market rates throughout
most of 1999, reflecting the acquisitions of WSB and SCB, continuing changes
in the asset and liability mix and the lagging impact of rising rates on
deposit costs.

Interest Income.  Interest income for the nine-month period ended December 31,
1999 was $101.0 million compared to $81.8 million for the nine months ended
December 31, 1998, an increase of $19.2 million, or 23.5%.  The increase in
interest income was a result of a $317.6 million, or 24.3%, growth in average
balances of interest-earning assets, moderated by a 6 basis point decrease in
the average yield on those assets. The yield on average assets declined to
8.25% for the nine months ended December 31, 1999 compared to 8.31% for the
same period a year earlier. Average loans receivable for the nine months ended
December 31, 1999 increased by $284.6 million, or 30.1%, when compared to the
nine months ended December 31, 1998, reflecting the previously discussed
acquisitions and internal growth.  Interest income on loans increased by $16.9
million, or 25.8%, compared to the prior year, reflecting the impact of the
increase in average loan balances and despite a 30 basis point decrease in the
average yield.  The decline in average loan yield largely resulted from the
significant decline in market interest rates, including a 75 basis point
decline in the prime rate, in the third and fourth calendar quarters of 1998,
and the subsequent prepayment and refinancing of many higher yielding loans in
a lower interest rate environment.  Loans yielded 8.85% for the nine months
ended December 31, 1999 compared to 9.15% for the nine months ended December
31, 1998.  The average balance of mortgage-backed securities, investment
securities, daily interest-bearing deposits and FHLB stock increased by $33.0
million for the nine months ended December 31, 1999, causing the interest and
dividend income from those investments to increase $2.4 million for the nine
months ended December 31, 1999, compared to the nine months ended December 31,
1998.  The average yield on mortgage-backed securities increased from 6.00%
for the nine months ended December 31, 1998, to 6.38% for the comparable
period in 1999.  Yields on mortgage-backed securities were particularly low in
the 1998 period reflecting the adverse impact of accelerated prepayments on
the amortization of purchase premiums on those securities as well as the
impact of low market rates on the interest rates paid on the significant
portion of those securities that have adjustable interest rates.  In the
nine-month period ended December 31, 1999, the accelerated prepayments
diminished and market rates increased reversing both of those effects on
mortgage-backed securities yields. The average yield on investment securities
and short term cash investments increased from 6.03% for the nine months ended
December 31, 1998, to 6.21% for the comparable nine months in 1999, also
reflecting the rise in interest rates during 1999. Earnings on FHLB stock
increased by $176,000, reflecting an increase of $4.4 million in the average
balance of FHLB stock for the nine months ended December 31, 1999, which was
partially offset by a 44 basis point decrease in the dividend yield on that
stock.

Interest Expense.  Interest expense for the nine months ended December 31,
1999 was $53.2 million compared to $44.3 million for the comparable period in
1998, an increase of $8.9 million, or 20.1%.  The increase in interest expense
was due to the $330.8 million growth in average interest-bearing liabilities
which was offset somewhat by the average cost of all interest-bearing
liabilities declining to 4.61% from 4.89%. The $268.5 million increase in
average interest-bearing deposits for the nine months ended December 31, 1999
reflects the $125.4 million of deposits acquired in the acquisitions of WSB
and SCB as well as solid deposit growth throughout the Company.  Deposit
interest expense increased $6.8 million for the nine months ended December 31,
1999. Average deposit balances increased from $761.2 million for the nine
months ended December 31, 1998, to $1.030 billion for the nine months ended
December 31, 1999, while, at the same time, the average rate paid on deposit
balances decreased 25 basis points.  The decline in the rate paid on deposits
reflects the $10.8 million growth in non-interest-bearing deposits, as well as
generally lower rates paid on interest-bearing accounts resulting from
declining market rates in the second half of 1998. While market rates
subsequently rose throughout much of 1999, the lagging impact of changing
market rates on deposit costs helped to keep the cost of deposits low when
compared to the prior period.  Average FHLB advances totaled $425.3 million
during the nine months ended December 31, 1999, as compared to $348.8 million
during the nine months ended December 31, 1998, resulting in a $2.9 million
increase in related interest

                                   46

<PAGE>



expense.  The average rate paid on those advances decreased to 5.78% for the
nine months ended December 31, 1999 from 5.96% for the nine months ended
December 31, 1998. Other borrowings consist of retail repurchase agreements
with customers and repurchase agreements with investment banking firms secured
by certain investment securities.  The average balance for other borrowings
decreased $14.2 million from $91.9 million for the nine months ended December
31, 1998, to $77.7 million for the same period in 1999, and the related
interest expense decreased $718,000 from $3.9 million to $3.2 million for the
respective periods.  The average rate paid on other borrowings was 5.50% in
the December 1999 nine-month period compared to 5.69% for the same nine-month
period in 1998.

Provision for Loan Losses.  During the nine months ended December 31, 1999,
the provision for loan losses was $1.9 million, compared to $2.2 million for
the nine months ended December 31, 1998, a decrease of $325,000.  The decrease
in the provision for losses reflects the amount required to maintain the
allowance for losses at an appropriate level based upon management's
evaluation of the adequacy of general and specific loss reserves. The higher
provision in the earlier period reflected more significant changes in the
portfolio mix and non-performing loans and a higher level of net charge-offs
during that period than occurred in the nine months ended December 31, 1999.
A comparison of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 1999 and 1998
shows an increase of $2.8 million to $13.5 million at December 31, 1999 from
$10.7 million at December 31, 1998.  The allowance for loan losses increased
by $1.2 million, to $13.5 million at December 31, 1999, compared to $12.3
million at March 31, 1999.  The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of
net loans (loans receivable excluding allowance for losses) was 1.02% and
1.09% at December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, respectively.  The allowance
for loan losses equaled 267% of non-performing loans at December 31, 1999
compared to 330% of non-performing loans at December 31, 1998.

Other Operating Income.  Other operating income increased $159,000 from $5.4
million for the nine-month period ended December 31, 1998, to $5.5 million for
the nine months ended December 31, 1999.  The increase included an $824,000
increase in other fees and service charges due in part to the addition of WSB
and SCB operations.  Fee and service charge income also increased at FSBW and
TB (now operating as BB) and IEB (now operating as BBO), reflecting deposit
growth and pricing adjustments.  There also was an $895,000 decrease in net
gains on loans sold in the nine-month period ended December 31, 1999, as
compared to the same period in 1998.  This decrease primarily reflected
decreased sales of loans by FSBW and IEB and the adverse impact of rising
interest rates on the profitability of loan sales when compared to the
comparable period in the prior year.  The volume of loan sales and related net
gain on sale of loans decreased from $117.4 million and $2.1 million,
respectively, for the nine months ended December 31, 1998, to $99.3 million
and $1.0 million, respectively, for the nine months ended December 31, 1999.
The $80,000 increase in miscellaneous other income reflects a gain on the sale
of IEB real property sold in the second quarter of the nine months ended
December 31, 1999.

Other Operating Expenses.  Other operating expenses increased $8.1 million,
from $22.4 million for the nine-month period ended December 31, 1998, compared
to $30.5 million for the nine months ended December 31, 1999.  The increase in
expenses was largely due to the inclusion of WSB and SCB's operating expenses
in the nine months ended December 31, 1999 that were not present in the nine
months ended December 31, 1998 and the additional expenses of two new branches
opened in the nine months ended December 31, 1999. The increase in other
operating expenses was partially offset by a $573,000 increase in capitalized
loan origination costs resulting from an increased volume of loan
originations.  In addition to the acquisitions of WSB and SCB, increases in
other operating expenses reflect the overall growth in assets and liabilities,
customer relationships and complexity of operations as the Company continued
to expand.  The higher operating expenses associated with the transition to
more of a commercial bank profile caused the Company's efficiency ratio,
excluding the amortization of goodwill, to increase 4.55 percentage points, to
52.78% (57.22% including goodwill), for the nine-month period ended December
31, 1999, from 48.23% (52.21% including goodwill) for the comparable period
ended December 31, 1998.  Other operating expenses as a percentage of average
assets were 2.35% (2.17% excluding the amortization of goodwill) for the nine
months ended December 31, 1999, compared to 2.15% (1.98% excluding the
amortization of goodwill) for the nine months ended December 31, 1998.

Income Taxes.  Income tax expense was $8.1 million for the nine months ended
December 31, 1999, compared to $6.9 million for the comparable period in 1998.
The $1.2 million increase in the provision for income taxes reflects the
higher level of income being taxed at higher effective rates due to the phase
out of the 34% surtax exemption; the net effect of IEB paying Oregon state
income taxes; and the fact that the expenses from the amortization of goodwill
acquired in purchasing IEB, TB, WSB and SCB and part of the expense recorded
in the release of the ESOP shares are not deductible for tax purposes. The
Company's effective tax rates for the nine months ended December 31, 1999 and
1998, were 39% and 38%, respectively.

                                   47

<PAGE>



Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended March 31, 1999 and
1998

General. Net income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 was $15.4
million, or $1.27 per share (diluted), compared to net income of $13.1
million, or $1.13 per share (diluted), recorded in fiscal 1998. Net income for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 increased $2.3 million from the
comparable period in fiscal 1998. The Company's improved operating results
reflect the significant growth of assets and liabilities as well as
improvements in net interest margin and non-interest revenues which were
offset somewhat by increased operating expenses and amortization of goodwill.
Compared to the prior year's levels, total assets increased 41.4% to $1.632
billion at March 31, 1999, total loans rose 45.7% to $1.103 billion, deposits
grew 57.8% to $950.8 million and borrowings increased 25.0% to $486.7 million.
The net interest margin improved, despite the adverse effects of a flattening
yield curve and declining market rates and loan pricing spreads, reflecting
the acquisitions of TB and WSB and continuing changes in the asset and
liability mix.

Interest Income.  Interest income for the year ended March 31, 1999 was $112.3
million compared to $85.1 million for the year ended March 31, 1998, an
increase of $27.1 million, or 31.9%.  The increase in interest income was a
result of a $310.2 million, or 29.7%, growth in average balances of
interest-earning assets combined with a 13 basis point increase in the average
yield on those assets. The yield on average assets rose to 8..28% in the
fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 compared to 8.15% in fiscal 1998. Average
loans receivable for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 increased by $252.3
million, or 34.5%, when compared to fiscal 1998, reflecting the acquisitions
of WSB on January 1, 1999 and TB on April 1, 1998.  Interest income on loans
increased by $24.9 million, or 38.5%, compared to the prior year, reflecting
the impact of the increase in average loan balances and a 26 basis point
increase in the average yield, largely resulting from the addition of higher
yielding loans held by TB and WSB, but also reflecting higher yields on the
expanding balances of commercial and multifamily real estate, construction and
land, and non-mortgage loans at FSBW. Loans yielded 9.12% for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 1999 compared to 8.86% for fiscal 1998.  The average balance
of mortgage-backed securities, investment securities, daily interest-bearing
deposits and FHLB stock increased by $57.9 million in the fiscal year ended
March 31, 1999, causing the interest and dividend income from those
investments to increase $2.2 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999
compared to fiscal 1998 despite a 42 basis point decline in the average yield
on those investments.  The average yield on mortgage-backed securities
decreased from 6.61% for the year ended March 31, 1998, to 5.96% in 1999,
reflecting both paydowns in certain higher yielding securities and lower
yields on most adjustable-rate securities as market rates declined. The
average yield on investment securities and short term cash investments
decreased from 6.13% for fiscal 1998 to 6.05% in 1999. Earnings on FHLB stock
increased by $398,000, reflecting an increase of $5.4 million in the average
balance of FHLB stock for the year ended March 31, 1999, offset by a 12 basis
point decrease in the dividend yield on that stock.

Interest Expense.  Interest expense for the year ended March 31, 1999 was
$60.4 million compared to $46.7 million for the comparable period in 1998, an
increase of $13.8 million, or 29.6%.  The increase in interest expense was due
to the $322.6 million growth in average interest-bearing liabilities which was
offset somewhat by the average cost of all interest-bearing liabilities
declining to 4.83% from 5.02%. The increase in average interest-bearing
liabilities in the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 was largely due to $218.4
million ($158.5 million average balance) of deposits acquired in the
acquisitions of TB and WSB along with $9.0 million ($3.7 million average
balance) of FHLB borrowings. Deposit interest expense increased $8.7 million
for the year ended March 31, 1999. Average deposit balances increased from
$573.5 million for the year ended March 31, 1998, to $799.4 million for the
year ended March 31, 1999, while, at the same time, the average rate paid on
deposit balances decreased 15 basis points.  The decline in the rate paid on
deposits primarily reflects the acquisition of TB and WSB's $42.1 million of
non-interest-bearing deposits as well as generally lower rates paid on
interest-bearing accounts resulting from declining market rates. Average FHLB
advances totaled $363.3 million during the year ended March 31, 1999, as
compared to $276.3 million during the year ended March 31, 1998, resulting in
a $4.6 million increase in related interest expense.  The average rate paid on
those advances decreased to 5.90% for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999
from 6.07% for fiscal 1998. Other borrowings consist of retail repurchase
agreements with customers and repurchase agreements with investment banking
firms secured by certain investment securities.  The average balance for other
borrowings increased $9.8 million from $79.2 million for the year ended March
31, 1998, to $89.0 million for the same period in 1999, and the related
interest expense increased $413,000 from $4.6 million to $5.0 million for the
respective periods.

Provision for Loan Losses. The provision for loan losses for the year ended
March 31, 1999 increased by $1.2 million to $2.8 million compared to $1.6
million for fiscal 1998.  This increase is reflective of the growth in loans
receivable which, excluding loans acquired through business combination,
increased by $165.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 compared
to an increase of $111.0 million in the 1998 period.  The increase also is
reflective of changes in the portfolio mix which resulted in the need for a
higher level of loss allowance as well as the impact of a greater amount of
non-performing loans and net charge-offs for the year.  Specifically,
excluding loans acquired through acquisitions, changes in

                                   48

<PAGE>



the loan mix included increases of $119.8 million in commercial and
multifamily real estate loans, $59.3 million in construction and land loans,
and $27.9 million in commercial and agricultural loans, while one- to
four-family loans declined by $40.3 million and consumer loans declined by
$1.0 million.  Income producing real estate loans, construction and land
loans, commercial and agricultural loans are generally riskier than one- to
four-family residential loans resulting in a higher provision for losses.
Adding to the need for the increased provision for loan losses for the year
ended March 31, 1999 was an increase in the amount of non-performing loans
which grew to $7.7 million compared to $1.4 million a year earlier.  Further
adding to the increase in the provision for loan losses was an increase in the
level of net charge-offs which increased from $519,000 for the year ended
March 31, 1998, to $1.1 million for the year ended March 31, 1999.  The
allowance for loan losses equaled 1.10% of gross loans and 160% of
non-performing loans at March 31, 1999, compared to 1.03% and 553%,
respectively, at March 31, 1998.

Other Operating Income.  Other operating income increased $2.7 million from
$4.7 million for the year ended March 31, 1998, to $7.5 million for the year
ended March 31, 1999.  The increase included a $1.1 million increase in other
fees and service charges due largely to the addition of TB operations.  Fee
and service charge income also increased at FSBW and IEB, reflecting deposit
growth, pricing adjustments, and the fourth quarter acquisition of WSB. There
also was a $1.5 million increase in net gains on loans sold in the fiscal year
ended March 31, 1999, as compared to the same period in 1998.  This increase
primarily reflects increased sales of loans by FSBW, with servicing retained,
and by IEB which increased the volume of loans sold in the secondary market
over the comparable period in the prior year.  In addition, gains on loans
sold for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 include $250,000 of gains on the
sale of Small Business Administration (SBA) guaranteed loans originated by TB.
The volume of loan sales and related net gain on sale of loans increased from
$81.6 million and $933,000, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 1998,
to $127.5 million and $1.9 million, respectively, for the year ended March 31,
1999. Increased sales of loans at FSBW were designed to curtail the rate of
growth in relatively low yielding fixed-rate residential mortgages during this
period of low market rates and to reduce the Banks' exposure to the risk of
rising interest rates. The $96,000 increase in miscellaneous other income
reflects a gain on the sale of IEB real property in the second quarter of the
fiscal year ended March 31, 1999.

Other Operating Expenses.  Other operating expenses increased $10.7 million
from $21.0 million for the year ended March 31, 1998, to $31.7 million for the
year ended March 31, 1999.  The increase in expenses was largely due to the
inclusion of $7.2 million of TB's operating expenses in the fiscal year ended
March 31, 1999, which were not present in fiscal 1998 and the additional
expenses of five branches from WSB's acquisition in the last quarter of the
fiscal year ended March 31, 1999. The increase in other operating expenses was
partially offset by a $620,000 increase in capitalized loan origination costs
resulting from an increased volume in loan originations.  In addition to the
acquisitions of TB and WSB, increases in other operating expenses reflect the
overall growth in assets and liabilities, customer relationships and
complexity of operations as the Company continued to expand.  Despite the
higher operating expenses associated with the Company's transition to more of
a commercial bank profile, the Company's efficiency ratio, excluding the
amortization of goodwill, increased only 2.94 percentage points, to 49.50%
(53.53% including goodwill), for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, from
46.56% (48.64% including goodwill) in fiscal 1998.  Other operating expenses
as a percentage of average assets were 2.21% (2.04% excluding the amortization
of goodwill) for the year ended March 31, 1999, compared to 1.93% (1.85%
excluding the amortization of goodwill) for the year ended March 31, 1998.

Income Taxes.  Income tax expense was $9.3 million for the year ended March
31, 1999, compared to $7.4 million for the comparable period in 1998.  The
$1.8 million increase in the provision for income taxes reflects the higher
level of income being taxed at higher effective rates due to the phase out of
the 34% surtax exemption; the net effect of IEB paying Oregon state income
taxes; and the fact that the expenses from the amortization of goodwill
acquired in purchasing IEB, TB and WSB and part of the expense recorded in the
release of the ESOP shares are not deductible for tax purposes. The Company's
effective tax rates for the years ended March 31, 1999 and 1998, were 38% and
36%, respectively.

                                   49

<PAGE>



Yields Earned and Rates Paid

The earnings of the Company depend largely on the spread between the yield on
interest-earning assets (primarily loans and investment securities) and the
cost of interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposit accounts and FHLB
advances), as well as the relative size of the Company's interest-earning
assets and interest-bearing liability portfolio.

Table I, Analysis of Net Interest Spread, sets forth, for the periods
indicated, information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities as
well as the total dollar amounts of interest income from average
interest-earning assets and interest expense on average interest-bearing
liabilities, resultant yields, interest rate spread, net interest margin, and
ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing
liabilities.  Average balances for a period have been calculated using the
daily average during such period.

Changes in the economic and interest rate environment, competition in the
marketplace and changes in asset and liability mix can cause the Company's
average interest rate spread to increase or decrease. Strong competition for
both loans and deposits has placed pressure on average interest rate spreads
for all of the periods reflected in Table I.  In addition, volatile market
interest rates over those periods have impacted spreads both positively and
negatively.  For the most recent periods the interest rate environment, with
an inverted yield curve brought about largely by increasing short term
interest rates in 1999 and early 2000 and then declining intermediate and
long-term interest rates in the second half of 2000, has had a generally
adverse impact on the interest rate spread.  However, while the spread
declined from 3.63% for the year ended December 31, 1999, to 3.49% for the
year ended December 31, 2000, on balance the Company's net interest spread
increased over the periods reflected in Table I.  This general widening
reflects significant changes in the Company's asset and liability mix over the
longer time frame presented.  Contributing to this increased spread has been a
decline in the relative portion of the Company's assets invested in securities
which was 21.4%, 21.3%, 27.5% and 30.1% of average earning assets respectively
for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, and March 31, 1999 and 1998.
In addition to the relative decline in investment securities and commensurate
increase in loans, the mix of the loan portfolio has changed to include more
higher yielding loans.  Changes in the portfolio mix are evident in the higher
yields on mortgage loans which increased from 8.71% for the year ended
December 31, 1999 to 8.96% for the year ended December 31, 2000.  Changes in
the portfolio mix are also reflected in the increased portion of non-mortgage
loans which increased to 18.6% of average earning assets for the year ended
December 31, 2000 from 17.2% of average earning assets for the prior year and
14.6% and 8.1% for the years ended March 31, 1999 and 1998.  Reflecting these
changes, the yield on the total loan portfolio increased 33 basis points for
the most recent twelve months from 8.90% for the year ended December 31, 1999,
to 9.23% for the year ended December 31, 2000.  Also contributing to a
generally improved interest rate spread over the periods presented in Table I
has been a decline in the cost of deposits primarily brought about by the
substantial increase in the amount of non-interest-bearing checking and NOW
account balances.  However, reflecting the higher interest rate environment,
deposit costs increased from 4.08% for the year ended December 31, 1999 to
4.66% for the year ended December 31, 2000, and borrowing costs increased from
5.72% to 6.24% over the same year.  As a result, the cost of total
interest-bearing liabilities increased from 4.62% for the year ended December
31, 1999, to 5.19% for the year ended December 31, 2000.  Improvement in the
Company's net interest margin over this same longer time frame, as well as the
contraction in the most recent twelve months, mostly reflects the same changes
associated with the net interest rate spread. However, counterbalancing to a
degree increases in the spread is the somewhat adverse impact on net interest
margin resulting from the increased use of leverage which can be seen in the
declining ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing
liabilities.  After increasing in prior periods, net interest margin decreased
from 3.90% in the year ended December 31, 1999, to 3.77% for the year ended
December 31, 2000. Management believes that in the future increased net
interest income will come primarily from increased volumes, although continued
changes in asset and liability mix and a slightly more favorable interest rate
environment may also add to net interest income.

                                   50

<PAGE>




<TABLE>
Table I: Analysis of Net Interest Spread (dollars in thousands)

                                                                                  Year Ended
                                      Year Ended December 31, 2000        December 31, 1999 (Unaudited)
                                   ---------------------------------    ---------------------------------
                                      Average    Interest &    Yield/     Average    Interest &    Yield/
                                      Balance    Dividends     Cost       Balance    Dividends      Cost
                                      -------    ---------     ----       -------    ---------      ----
<S>                                <C>           <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>

Interest-earning assets:
 Mortgage loans                    $ 1,083,775  $  97,106      8.96%     $  921,520   $  80,289     8.71%
 Commercial/agricultural loans         271,144     27,372     10.10         219,982      20,751     9.43
 Consumer and other loans               68,531      6,916     10.09          54,736       5,428     9.92
                                   -----------  ---------    -------     ----------   ---------   ------
   Total loans (1)                   1,423,450    131,394      9.23       1,196,238     106,468     8.90
 Mortgage-backed securities            225,794     15,358      6.80         238,888      14,953     6.26
 Securities and deposits               147,607      9,818      6.65         135,223       8,360     6.18
 FHLB stock                             26,580      1,728      6.50          23,360       1,721     7.37
                                   -----------  ---------    -------     ----------   ---------   ------
    Total investment securities        399,981     26,904      6.73         397,471      25,034     6.30
                                   -----------  ---------    -------     ----------   ---------   ------
    Total interest-earning assets    1,823,431    158,298      8.68       1,593,709     131,502     8.25
                                                ---------    -------                  ---------   -------
Non-interest-earning assets             98,282                               97,388
                                   -----------                           ----------
    Total assets                   $ 1,921,713                           $1,691,097
                                   ===========                           ==========
Interest-bearing liabilities:
 Savings accounts                  $    49,523      1,449      2.93      $   58,568       1,752     2.99
 Checking and NOW accounts(2)          199,394      1,169      0.59         186,862       1,161     0.62
 Money market accounts                 137,876      5,632      4.08         145,182       5,358     3.69
 Certificates of deposit               753,922     44,870      5.95         610,136      32,530     5.33
                                   -----------  ---------    -------     ----------   ---------   ------
    Total deposits                   1,140,715     53,120      4.66       1,000,748      40,801     4.08
 Other interest-bearing liabilities:
  FHLB advances                        509,665     31,568      6.19         420,647      24,284     5.77
  Other borrowings                      75,260      4,906      6.52          78,292       4,275     5.46
                                   -----------  ---------    -------     ----------   ---------   ------
    Total borrowings                   584,925     36,474      6.24         498,939      28,559     5.72
                                   -----------  ---------    -------     ----------   ---------   ------
    Total interest-bearing
     liabilities                     1,725,640     89,594      5.19       1,499,687      69,360     4.62
                                                ---------    -------                  ---------   ------
Non-interest-bearing liabilities        11,906                               11,251
                                   -----------                           ----------
    Total liabilities                1,737,546                            1,510,938
                                   -----------                           ----------
Stockholders' equity                   184,167                              180,159
                                   -----------                           ----------
    Total liabilities and
     Stockholders' equity          $ 1,921,713                           $1,691,097
                                   ===========                           ==========
Net interest income/rate spread                  $ 68,704      3.49%                  $  62,142     3.63%
                                                 ========      =====                  =========     =====

Net interest margin                                            3.77%                                3.90%
                                                               =====                                =====
Ratio of average interest-earning
 assets to average interest-
 bearing liabilities                                         105.67%                               106.27%
                                                             =======                               =======

  Footnotes on following page

</TABLE>

                                                               51
<PAGE>



<TABLE>

Table I: Analysis of Net Interest Spread (dollars in thousands) (continued)

                          Nine Months
                   Ended December 31, 1999 (3)   Year Ended March 31, 1999 (4)  Year Ended March 31, 1998(4)
                  -----------------------------  ------------------------------ ----------------------------
                   Average   Interest &  Yield/   Average   Interest &  Yield/   Average  Interest &  Yield/
                   Balance   Dividends    Cost    Balance   Dividends    Cost    Balance  Dividends    Cost
                   -------   ---------    ----    -------   ---------    ----    -------  ---------    ----
<S>               <C>         <C>         <C>    <C>         <C>         <C>    <C>        <C>         <C>
Interest-earning
assets:
 Mortgage loans   $  943,498  $ 61,589    8.66%  $  784,534  $ 70,193    8.95%  $  645,576 $ 56,111    8.69%
 Commercial/
  agricultural
  loans              230,067    16,230    9.36      153,706    15,047    9.79       57,516    5,587    9.71
 Consumer and
  other loans         57,600     4,288    9.88       44,568     4,375    9.82       27,412    2,997   10.93
                  ----------  --------  ------   ----------  --------  ------   ---------- --------   -----
     Total
      loans (1)    1,231,165    82,107    8.85      982,808    89,615    9.12      730,504   64,695    8.86
 Mortgage-backed
  securities         241,760    11,630    6.38      218,648    13,025    5.96      189,572   12,522    6.61
 Securities and
  deposits           128,330     6,009    6.21      134,014     8,107    6.05      110,625    6,783    6.13
 FHLB stock           23,565     1,286    7.24       20,066     1,545    7.70       14,661    1,147    7.82
                  ----------  --------  ------   ----------  --------  ------   ---------- --------   -----
     Total
      investment
      securities     393,655    18,925    6.38      372,728    22,677    6.08      314,858   20,452    6.50
                  ----------  --------  ------   ----------  --------  ------   ---------- --------   -----
     Total
      interest-
      earning
      assets       1,624,820   101,032    8.25    1,355,536   112,292    8.28    1,045,362   85,147    8.15
                              --------  -------              --------  ------              --------   -----
Non-interest-
 earning assets       99,356                         80,038                         43,256
                  ----------                     ----------                     ----------
     Total assets $1,724,176                     $1,435,574                     $1,088,618
                  ==========                     ==========                     ==========
Interest-bearing
liabilities:
 Savings accounts $   58,942     1,336    3.01   $   47,487     1,356    2.86   $   42,937    1,248    2.91
 Checking and NOW
  accounts(2)        191,705       896    0.62      154,108     1,110    0.72      103,426      899    0.87
 Money market
  accounts            149,26    94,152    3.69      109,379     4,154    3.80       76,048    3,073    4.04
 Certificates of
  deposit            629,856    25,091    5.29      488,377    27,399    5.61      351,042   20,069    5.72
                  ----------  --------  ------   ----------  --------  ------   ---------- --------   -----
     Total
      deposits     1,029,772    31,475    4.06      799,351    34,019    4.26      573,453   25,289    4.41
 Other interest-
  bearing
  liabilities:
   FHLB advances     425,293    18,505    5.78      363,279    21,430    5.90      276,328   16,782    6.07
   Other borrowings   77,680     3,221    5.50       88,967     4,993    5.61       79,210    4,580    5.78
                  ----------  --------  ------   ----------  --------  ------   ---------- --------   -----
     Total
      borrowings     502,973    21,726    5.73      452,246    26,423    5.84      355,538   21,362    6.01
                  ----------  --------  ------   ----------  --------  ------   ---------- --------   -----
     Total interest-
      bearing
      liabilities  1,532,745    53,201    4.61    1,251,597    60,442    4.83      928,991   46,651    5.02
                              --------  ------               --------  ------              --------   -----
Non-interest-bearing
 liabilities          11,422                         10,682                          8,783
                  ----------                     ----------                     ----------
     Total
      liabilities  1,544,167                      1,262,279                        937,774
                  ----------                     ----------                     ----------
Stockholders'
 equity              180,009                        173,295                        150,844
                  ----------                     ----------                     ----------
     Total
      liabilities
      and stock-
      holders'
      equity      $1,724,176                     $1,435,574                     $1,088,618
                  ==========                     ==========                     ==========
Net interest
 income/rate
 spread                       $ 47,831    3.64%               $ 51,850    3.45%            $ 38,496    3.13%
                              ========    =====               ========    =====            ========    =====

Net interest margin                       3.91%                           3.83%                        3.68%
                                          =====                           =====                      =======
Ratio of average
 interest-earning
 assets to average
 interest-bearing
 liabilities                            106.01%                         108.30%                      112.53%
                                        =======                         =======                      =======

(1) Average balances include loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis and loans 90 days or more past due.
    Amortized net deferred loan fees are included with interest and dividends on loans.
(2) Average balances include non-interest-bearing deposits.
(3) Yield/cost rates are annualized.
(4) Restated to be comparable to current period's presentation.

</TABLE>
                                                      52
</PAGE>



<TABLE>

Table II, Rate/Volume Analysis, sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on net interest income
of the Company.  Information is provided with respect to (i) effects on interest income attributable to
changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate) and (ii) effects on interest income
attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume).  Effects on interest income
attributable to changes in rate and volume (changes in rate multiplied by changes in volume) have been
allocated between changes in rate and changes in volume.

Table II:  Rate/Volume Analysis (in thousands)

                                Year Ended                   Nine Months                 Year Ended
                            December 31, 2000         Ended December 31, 1999          March 31, 1999
                          Compared to Year Ended       Compared to Nine Months     Compared to Year Ended
                             December 31, 1999        Ended December 31, 1998          March 31, 1998
                        Increase (Decrease) Due to   Increase (Decrease) Due to   Increase (Decrease) Due to
                        --------------------------   --------------------------   -------------------------
                          Rate     Volume    Net       Rate    Volume     Net       Rate   Volume     Net
                          ----     ------    ---       ----    ------     ---       ----   -------    ---

<S>                      <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>
Interest-earning assets:
 Mortgage loans          $ 2,357  $14,460  $16,817   $(1,889)  $11,985  $10,096   $ 1,718  $12,364  $14,082
 Commercial/agricultural
  loans                    1,549    5,072    6,621      (559)    6,263    5,704        46    9,414    9,460
 Consumer and other loans     95    1,393    1,488        44     1,009    1,053      (331)   1,709    1,378
                         -------  -------  -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------  -------
    Total loans(1)         4,001   20,925   24,926    (2,404)   19,257   16,853     1,433   23,487   24,920
                         -------  -------  -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------  -------
 Mortgage-backed
  securities               1,250     (845)     405       646     1,282    1,928    (1,305)   1,808      503
 Securities and deposits     662      796    1,458       178        75      253       (90)   1,414    1,324
 FHLB stock                 (215)     222        7       (67)      243      176       (18)     416      398
                         -------  -------  -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------  -------
Total investment
 securities                1,697      173    1,870       757     1,600    2,357    (1,413)   3,638    2,225
                         -------  -------  -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------  -------
Total net change in
 interest income on
 interest-earning assets   5,698   21,098   26,796    (1,647)   20,857   19,210        20   27,125   27,145
                         -------  -------  -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------  -------
Interest-bearing
liabilities:
  Deposits                 6,209    6,110   12,319    (1,505)    8,287    6,782      (890)   9,620    8,730
                         -------  -------  -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------  -------
  FHLB advances            1,865    5,419    7,284      (486)    3,340    2,854      (483)   5,131    4,648
  Other borrowings           946     (315)     631      (358)     (360)    (718)     (385)     798      413
    Total borrowings       2,811    5,104    7,915      (844)    2,980    2,136      (868)   5,929    5,061
                         -------  -------  -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------  -------
Total net change in
 interest expense on
 interest-bearing
 liabilities               9,020   11,214   20,234    (2,349)   11,267    8,918    (1,758)  15,549   13,791
                         -------  -------  -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------  -------
Net change in net
 interest income         $(3,322) $ 9,884  $ 6,562   $   702   $ 9,590  $10,292   $ 1,778  $11,576  $13,354
                         =======  =======  =======   =======   =======  =======   =======  =======  =======
-----------------------
(1)   Does not include interest on loans 90 days or more past due.

</TABLE>
                                                   53

<PAGE>



                  Market Risk and Asset/Liability Management

The financial condition and operations of the Company are influenced
significantly by general economic conditions, including the absolute level of
interest rates as well as changes in interest rates and the slope of the yield
curve.  The Company's  profitability is dependent to a large extent on its net
interest income, which is the difference between the interest received from
its interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred on its
interest-bearing liabilities.

The activities of the Company, like all financial institutions, inherently
involve the assumption of interest rate risk.  Interest rate risk is the risk
that changes in market interest rates will have an adverse impact on the
institution's earnings and underlying economic value.  Interest rate risk is
determined by the maturity and repricing characteristics of an institution's
assets, liabilities, and off-balance-sheet contracts.  Interest rate risk is
measured by the variability of financial performance and economic value
resulting from changes in interest rates.  Interest rate risk is the primary
market risk impacting the Company's financial performance.

The greatest source of interest rate risk to the Company results from the
mismatch of maturities or repricing intervals for rate sensitive assets,
liabilities and off-balance-sheet contracts.  This mismatch or gap is
generally characterized by a substantially shorter maturity structure for
interest-bearing liabilities than interest-earning assets.  Additional
interest rate risk results from mismatched repricing indices and formulae
(basis risk and yield curve risk), and product caps and floors and early
repayment or withdrawal provisions (option risk), which may be contractual or
market driven, that are generally more favorable to customers than to the
Company.

The principal objectives of asset/liability management are to evaluate the
interest rate risk exposure of the Company; to determine the level of risk
appropriate given the Company's operating environment, business plan
strategies, performance objectives, capital and liquidity constraints, and
asset and liability allocation alternatives; and to manage the Company's
interest rate risk consistent with regulatory guidelines and approved policies
of the Board of Directors.  Through such management, the Company seeks to
reduce the vulnerability of its earnings and capital position to changes in
the level of interest rates.  The Company's actions in this regard are taken
under the guidance of the Asset/Liability Management Committee, which is
comprised of members of the Company's senior management.  The committee
closely monitors the Company's interest sensitivity exposure, asset and
liability allocation decisions, liquidity and capital positions, and local and
national economic conditions and attempts to structure the loan and investment
portfolios and funding sources of the Company to maximize earnings within
acceptable risk tolerances.

Sensitivity Analysis

The Company's primary monitoring tool for assessing interest rate risk is
asset/liability simulation modeling which is designed to capture the dynamics
of balance sheet, interest rate and spread movements and to quantify
variations in net interest income resulting from those movements under
different rate environments. The sensitivity of net interest income to changes
in the modeled interest rate environments provides a measurement of interest
rate risk.  The Company also utilizes market value analysis, which addresses
changes in estimated net market value of equity arising from changes in the
level of interest rates.  The net market value of equity is estimated by
separately valuing the Company's assets and liabilities under varying interest
rate environments.  The extent to which assets gain or lose value in relation
to the gains or losses of liability values under the various interest rate
assumptions determines the sensitivity of net equity value to changes in
interest rates and provides an additional measure of interest rate risk.

The interest rate sensitivity analysis performed by the Company incorporates
beginning-of-the-period rate, balance and maturity data, using various levels
of aggregation of that data, as well as certain assumptions concerning the
maturity, repricing, amortization and prepayment characteristics of loans and
other interest-earning assets and the repricing and withdrawal of deposits and
other interest-bearing liabilities into an asset/liability computer simulation
model.  The Company updates and prepares simulation modeling at least
quarterly for review by senior management and the directors. The Company
believes the data and assumptions are realistic representations of its
portfolio and possible outcomes under the various interest rate scenarios.
Nonetheless, the interest rate sensitivity of the Company's net interest
income and net market value of equity could vary substantially if different
assumptions were used or if actual experience differs from the assumptions
used.

                                   54

<PAGE>



Tables III and III(a), Interest Rate Risk Indicators, set forth as of December
31, 2000 and 1999, the estimated changes in the Company's net interest income
over a one-year time horizon and the estimated changes in market value of
equity based on the indicated interest rate environments.

Table III: Interest Rate Risk Indicators

                                        As of December 31, 2000
                                        (dollars in thousands)
                                          Estimated Change in
                            ---------------------------------------------
Change (in Basis Points)    Net Interest Income
  in Interest Rates (1)       Next 12 Months           Net Market Value
-----------------------     -------------------    ----------------------

        +400                 $ (752)  (1.1%)       $ (79,954)     (41.7%)
        +300                   (431)  (0.6%)         (61,510)     (32.3%)
        +200                     103    0.1%         (40,766)     (21.4%)
        +100                     168    0.2%         (17,654)      (9.3%)
           0                       0      0%               0          0%
        -100                 (1,179)  (1.7%)           4,842        2.5%
        -200                 (3,074)  (4.3%)            (377)      (0.2%)
        -300                 (5,796)  (8.1%)         (14,435)      (7.6%)
        -400                 (8,883) (12.4%)         (30,652)     (16.1%)

Table III(a): Interest Rate Risk Indicators

                                        As of December 31, 1999
                                        (dollars in thousands)
                                          Estimated Change in
                            ---------------------------------------------
Change (in Basis Points)    Net Interest Income
  in Interest Rates (1)       Next 12 Months           Net Market Value
-----------------------     -------------------    ----------------------

        +400               $ (2,795)  (4.4%)       $ (82,602)     (44.8%)
        +300                 (1,816)  (2.8%)         (65,753)     (35.7%)
        +200                   (922)  (1.4%)         (45,856)     (24.9%)
        +100                   (320)  (0.5%)         (23,055)     (12.5%)
           0                      0      0%                0          0%
        -100                   (493)  (0.8%)          22,190       12.0%
        -200                 (2,203)  (3.5%)          20,208       11.0%
        -300                 (4,794)  (7.5%)           8,663        4.7%
        -400                 (8,308) (13.0%)         (10,992)      (6.0%)

---------
(1)  Assumes an instantaneous and sustained uniform change in market interest
rates at all maturities.

                                   55

<PAGE>



Another although less reliable monitoring tool for assessing interest rate
risk is "gap analysis."  The matching of the repricing characteristics of
assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such
assets and liabilities are "interest sensitive" and by monitoring an
institution's interest sensitivity "gap."  An asset or liability is said to be
interest sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice
within that time period.  The interest rate sensitivity gap is defined as the
difference between the amount of interest-earning assets anticipated, based
upon certain assumptions, to mature or reprice within a specific time period
and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities anticipated to mature or
reprice, based upon certain assumptions, within that same time period.  A gap
is considered positive when the amount of interest- sensitive assets exceeds
the amount of interest-sensitive liabilities.  A gap is considered negative
when the amount of interest-sensitive liabilities exceeds the amount of
interest-sensitive assets.  Generally, during a period of rising rates, a
negative gap would tend to adversely affect net interest income while a
positive gap would tend to result in an increase in net interest income.
During a period of falling interest rates, a negative gap would tend to result
in an increase in net interest income while a positive gap would tend to
adversely affect net interest income.

Certain shortcomings are inherent in gap analysis.  For example, although
certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods of
repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes in market rates.
Also, the interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may
fluctuate in advance of changes in market rates, while interest rates on other
types may lag behind changes in market rates.  Additionally, certain assets,
such as ARM loans, have features that restrict changes in interest rates on a
short-term basis and over the life of the asset.  Further, in the event of a
change in interest rates, prepayment and early withdrawal levels would likely
deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the table. Finally,
the ability of some borrowers to service their debt may decrease in the event
of a severe interest rate increase.

Tables IV and IV(a), Interest Sensitivity Gap, present the Company's interest
sensitivity gap between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities at December 31, 2000 and 1999.  The tables set forth the amounts
of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which are
anticipated by the Company, based upon certain assumptions, to reprice or
mature in each of the future periods shown. At December 31, 2000, total
interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within one year exceeded
total interest-earning assets maturing or repricing in the same time period by
$121.6 million, representing a one-year gap to total assets ratio of (6.13%).

Management is aware of the sources of interest rate risk and in its opinion
actively monitors and manages it to the extent possible.  The interest rate
risk indicators and interest sensitivity gaps for the Company as of December
31, 2000 and 1999 are within policy guidelines.  Management considers that the
Company's current level of interest rate risk is reasonable.

                                   56

<PAGE>




<TABLE>

Table IV:  Interest Sensitivity Gap
as of December 31, 2000

                                            > 6                     > 3       > 5
                                           Months,   > 1 Year,       Years     Years
                              Less Than   Less Than  Less Than    Less Than  Less Than   > 10
                               6 Months    1 Year    3 Years      5 Years    10 Years    Years       Total
                             ----------  ---------  ----------      -----     -----      -----       -----
                                                              (dollars in thousands)
<S>                          <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>
Interest-earning assets:(1)
  Construction loans         $ 136,187  $   55,635  $    2,360  $    1,159  $      --  $     --  $  195,341
  Fixed-rate mortgage loans     52,404      42,496     148,831     115,422    158,734    99,446     617,333
  Adjustable-rate mortgage
    loans                      169,556      55,251      69,860      22,877         --        --     317,544
  Fixed-rate mortgage-backed
    securities                   9,945       9,521      48,648      28,051     17,376     2,287     115,828
  Adjustable-rate mortgage-
    backed securities           85,718       1,466          --          --         --        --      87,184
  Fixed-rate commercial/
    agricultural loans          13,598       4,634      20,565      28,801     10,710     4,677      82,985
  Adjustable-rate
    commercial/agricultural
    loans                      219,228          --          --          --         --        --     219,228
  Consumer and other loans      19,724       4,706      16,241      14,818      1,467     2,213      59,169
  Investment securities and
   interest-earning deposits    35,851       2,350      39,895      24,076      9,395    61,156     172,723
                              --------   ---------   ---------   ---------   --------  --------  ----------
    Total rate sensitive
     assets                    742,211     176,059     346,400     235,204    197,682   169,779   1,867,335
                              --------   ---------   ---------   ---------   --------  --------  ----------
Interest-bearing
liabilities:(2)
  Regular savings and NOW
    accounts                    17,989      17,990      41,976      41,976         --        --     119,931
  Money market deposit
    accounts                    66,985      40,191      26,794          --         --        --     133,970
  Certificates of deposit      394,195     222,388     155,786      17,633      8,586        32     798,620
  FHLB advances                107,280     103,000     236,390      39,500     20,079       849     507,098
  Other borrowings              63,390          --          --          --         --        --      63,390
  Retail repurchase
    agreements                   6,253         197       1,224       2,046      1,429        --      11,149
                              --------   ---------   ---------   ---------   --------  --------  ----------
    Total rate sensitive
     liabilities               656,092     383,766     462,170     101,155     30,094       881   1,634,158
                              --------   ---------   ---------   ---------   --------  --------  ----------
Excess (deficiency) of
  interest-sensitive
  assets over interest-
  sensitive liabilities       $ 86,119   $(207,707)  $(115,770)  $ 134,049   $167,588  $168,898  $  233,177
                              ========   =========   =========   =========   ========  ========  ==========
Cumulative excess
  (deficiency) ofinterest-
  sensitive assets            $ 86,119   $(121,588)  $(237,358)  $(103,309)  $ 64,279  $233,177  $  233,177
                              ========   =========   =========   =========   ========  ========  ==========
Cumulative ratio of
  interest-earning assets
  to interest-bearing
  liabilities                   113.13%      88.31%      84.20%      93.56%    103.94%   114.27%     114.27%
                              ========   =========   =========   =========   ========  ========  ==========
 Interest sensitivity gap to
  total assets                    4.34%     (10.48%)     (5.84%)      6.76%      8.45%     8.52%      11.76%
                              ========   =========   =========   =========   ========  ========  ==========
 Ratio of cumulative gap to
  total assets                    4.34%      (6.13%)    (11.97%)     (5.21%)     3.24%    11.76%      11.76%
                              ========   =========   =========   =========   ========  ========  ==========

                                                     (footnotes follow tables)

</TABLE>

                                                     57

<PAGE>




<TABLE>

Table IV:(a)  Interest Sensitivity Gap
as of December 31, 1999
                                         >6 Months, > 1 Year    > 3 Years, > 5 Years
                             Less Than   Less Than  Less Than   Less Than  Less Than
                              6 Months    1 Year     3 Years     5 Years    10 Years   > 10 Years   Total
                             ----------  --------   ---------   ---------  ----------  ----------   -----
                                                              (dollars in thousands)

<S>                          <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>
Interest-earning assets:(1)
 Construction loans          $114,922   $ 35,643    $  1,555    $    845    $     --   $     --  $  152,965
 Fixed-rate mortgage loans     41,335     33,540     131,896     112,044     168,146    123,336     610,297
 Adjustable-rate mortgage
  loans                       113,209     56,289      42,017      40,167          --         --     251,682
 Fixed-rate mortgage-backed
  securities                   11,371     11,010      59,314      35,089      22,622      5,169     144,575
 Adjustable-rate mortgage-
  backed securities            97,185      2,084          --          --          --         --      99,269
 Fixed-rate commercial/
  agricultural loans           13,009      6,067      14,781      23,397      10,355      3,454      71,063
 Adjustable-rate commercial/
  agricultural loans          179,967         --          --          --          --         --     179,967
 Consumer and other loans      17,880      3,564      13,881      11,811       1,037     11,376      59,549
 Investment securities and
  interest-earning deposits    20,794      4,385      22,485      37,896      17,269     53,540     156,369
                             --------  ---------   ---------   ---------    --------   --------  ----------
    Total rate sensitive
     assets                   609,672    152,582     285,929     261,249     219,429    196,875   1,725,736
                             --------  ---------   ---------   ---------    --------   --------  ----------
Interest-bearing
liabilities:(2)
 Regular savings and NOW
  accounts                     20,492     20,493      47,817      47,817          --         --     136,619
 Money market deposit
  accounts                     72,516     43,510      29,006          --          --         --     145,032
 Certificates of deposit      313,118    207,127     130,052      23,080       8,856         21     682,254
 FHLB advances                128,505     59,000     102,280     145,290      22,500      8,949     466,524
 Other borrowings              73,198         --          --          --          --         --      73,198
 Retail repurchase
  agreements                    6,938        419          --       1,101          --         --       8,458
                             --------  ---------   ---------   ---------    --------   --------  ----------
    Total rate sensitive
     liabilities              614,767    330,549     309,155     217,288      31,356      8,970   1,512,085
                             --------  ---------   ---------   ---------    --------   --------  ----------
Excess (deficiency) of
 interest-sensitive
 assets over interest-
 sensitive liabilities       $ (5,095) $(177,967)  $ (23,226)  $  43,961    $188,073   $187,905  $  213,651
                             ========  =========   =========   =========    ========   ========  ==========
Cumulative excess
 (deficiency) of interest-
 sensitive assets            $ (5,095) $(183,062)  $(206,288)  $(162,327)   $ 25,746   $213,651  $  213,651
                             ========  =========   =========   =========    ========   ========  ==========
Cumulative ratio of
 interest-earning assets
 to interest-bearing
 liabilities                    99.17%     80.63%      83.56%      88.97%     101.71%    114.13%     114.13%
                             ========  =========   =========   =========    ========   ========  ==========
Interest sensitivity gap
 to total assets                (0.28%)    (9.78%)     (1.28%)      2.42%      10.33%     10.32%      11.74%
                             ========  =========   =========   =========    ========   ========  ==========
Ratio of cumulative gap
 to total assets                (0.28%)   (10.06%)    (11.33%)     (8.92%)      1.41%     11.74%      11.74%
                             ========  =========   =========   =========    ========   ========  ==========

                                                       (footnotes follow tables)

</TABLE>

                                                    58

<PAGE>




Footnotes for Tables IV and IV(a):  Interest Sensitivity Gap
------------------------------------------------------------
(1) Adjustable-rate assets are included in the period in which interest rates
    are next scheduled to adjust rather than in the period in which they are
    due to mature, and fixed-rate assets are included in the period in which
    they are scheduled to be repaid based upon scheduled amortization, in
    each case adjusted to take into account estimated prepayments.  Mortgage
    loans and other loans are not reduced for allowances for loan losses and
    non-performing loans.  Mortgage loans, mortgage-backed securities, other
    loans, and investment securities are not adjusted for deferred fees and
    unamortized acquisition premiums and discounts.

(2) Adjustable-rate liabilities are included in the period in which interest
    rates are next scheduled to adjust rather than in the period they are due
    to mature.  Although the Banks' regular savings, demand, NOW, and money
    market deposit accounts are subject to immediate withdrawal, management
    considers a substantial amount of such accounts to be core deposits
    having significantly longer maturities.  For the purpose of the gap
    analysis, these accounts have been assigned decay rates to reflect their
    longer effective maturities.  If all of these accounts had been assumed
    to be short-term, the one-year cumulative gap of interest-sensitive
    assets would have been $(232..3) million, or (11.72%) of total assets at
    December 31, 2000 and $(307.7) million, or (16.91%) at December 31, 1999.
    Interest-bearing liabilities for this table exclude certain
    non-interest-bearing deposits which are included in the average balance
    calculations in the earlier Table I, Analysis of Net Interest Spread.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company's primary sources of funds are deposits, borrowings, proceeds from
loan principal and interest payments and sales of loans, and the maturity of
and interest income on mortgage-backed and investment securities. While
maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and mortgage-backed securities
are a predictable source of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are
greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions and
competition.

The primary investing activity of the Company, through its subsidiaries, is
the origination and purchase of loans.  During the year ended December 31,
2000, the nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the fiscal year ended March
31, 1999, the Company closed or purchased loans in the amounts of $892.8
million, $772.8 million and $803.1 million, respectively. This activity was
funded primarily by principal repayments on loans and securities, sales of
loans, increases in FHLB advances, other borrowings, and deposit growth. For
the year ended December 31, 2000, the nine months ended December 31, 1999 and
the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, principal repayments on loans totaled
$588.6 million, $486.9 million and $522.0 million, respectively.  During the
year ended December 31, 2000, the nine-month period ended December 31, 1999
and the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, the Company sold $135.7 million,
$99.3 million and $127.5 million, respectively, of loans.  FHLB advances
increased $40.6 million, $58.3 million and $101.7 million, respectively, for
the year ended December 31, 2000, the nine-month period ended December 31,
1999 and the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999. Other borrowings decreased $7.1
million for the year ended December 31, 2000, increased $3.2 million for the
nine months ended December 31, 1999 and decreased $13.3 million for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 1999. Net deposit growth was $114.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2000, $86.7 million (excluding $40.6 million of deposits
acquired with SCB) for the nine months ended December 31, 1999, and $130.0
million (excluding $218.4 million of deposits acquired with TB and WSB), for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999.

The Banks must maintain an adequate level of liquidity to ensure the
availability of sufficient funds to accommodate deposit withdrawals, to
support loan growth, to satisfy financial commitments and to take advantage of
investment opportunities.  During the year ended December 31, 2000, the nine
months ended December 31, 1999 and fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, the Banks
used their sources of funds primarily to fund loan commitments, to purchase
securities, and to pay maturing savings certificates and deposit withdrawals.
At December 31, 2000, the Banks had outstanding loan commitments totaling
$148.5 million and undisbursed loans in process totaling $113.9 million.  The
Banks generally maintain sufficient cash and readily marketable securities to
meet short-term liquidity needs.  BB maintains a credit facility with the
FHLB-Seattle, which provides for advances which in aggregate may equal the
lesser of 45% of BB's assets or adjusted qualifying collateral, which as of
December 31, 2000 could give a total possible credit line of $521.3 million.
Advances under this credit facility totaled $479.5 million, or 27.5% of BB's
assets at December 31, 2000.  BBO also maintains credit lines with various
institutions, including the FHLB-Seattle, that would allow it to borrow up to
$20.7 million.

At December 31, 2000, savings certificates amounted to $798.7 million, or
67.0%, of the Banks' total deposits, including $614.9 million which were
scheduled to mature by December 31, 2001.  Historically, the Banks have been
able to retain a significant amount of their deposits as they mature.
Management believes it has adequate resources to fund all loan commitments
from savings deposits and FHLB-Seattle advances and sale of mortgage loans and
that it can adjust the offering rates of savings certificates to retain
deposits in changing interest rate environments.

                                    59

<PAGE>



                          Capital Requirements

The Company is a bank holding company registered with the Federal Reserve.
Bank holding companies are subject to capital adequacy requirements of the
Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHCA),
and the regulations of the Federal Reserve.  Each of the Banks, as
state-chartered, federally insured institutions, is subject to the capital
requirements established by the FDIC.

The capital adequacy requirements are quantitative measures established by
regulation that require the Company and its subsidiary Banks to maintain
minimum amounts and ratios of capital.  The Federal Reserve requires the
Company to maintain capital adequacy that generally parallels the FDIC
requirements.  The FDIC requires the Banks to maintain minimum ratios of Tier
1 total capital to risk-weighted assets as well as Tier 1 leverage capital to
average assets (see further discussion in Note 17 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).

At December 31, 2000 the Company and its banking subsidiaries, BB and BBO,
exceeded all current regulatory capital requirements.

The most recent notifications from the FDIC or state banking regulators as of
March 31, 2000 for BB and September 31, 2000 for BBO, individually categorized
the Banks as "well-capitalized" under the regulatory framework for prompt
corrective action.

Table V, Regulatory Capital Ratios, shows the regulatory capital ratios of the
Company, BB and BBO and minimum regulatory requirements for the Banks to be
categorized as "well-capitalized."

Table V:  Regulatory Capital Ratios

                                 The                     "Well-capitalized"
Capital Ratios                Company     BB     BBO        Minimum Ratio
-----------------------       -------     --     ---      -----------------
Total capital to risk-
   weighted assets             12.29%   12.20%  10.79%         10.00%
Tier 1 capital to risk-
   weighted assets             11.14    11.01    9.81           6.00

Tier 1 leverage capital
   to average assets            8.25     7.92    8.54           5.00


                  Effect of Inflation and Changing Prices

The Consolidated Financial Statements and related financial data presented
herein have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, which require the measurement of
financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars,
without considering the changes in relative purchasing power of money over
time due to inflation.  The primary impact of inflation on operations of the
Company is reflected in increased operating costs.  Unlike most industrial
companies, virtually all the assets and liabilities of a financial institution
are monetary in nature.  As a result, interest rates generally have a more
significant impact on a financial institution's performance than do general
levels of inflation.  Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same
direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services.

                                   60

<PAGE>

ITEM 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

See pages 54-59 of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations.

ITEM 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

For financial statements, see index on page 65.

ITEM 9 - Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

Not Applicable

                                   61

<PAGE>



                             Part III

ITEM 10 - Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

The information contained under the section captioned "Proposal I - Election
of Directors" in the Registrant's Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference.

Information regarding the executive officers of the Registrant is provided
herein in Part I, Item 1 hereof.

Reference is made to the cover page of this Annual Report and the section
captioned "Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act" of the Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders regarding compliance with
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

ITEM 11- Executive Compensation

Information regarding management compensation and transactions with management
and others is incorporated by reference to the section captioned "Proposal I -
Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders.

ITEM 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

{a} Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners

Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the
section captioned "Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management" in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

{b} Security Ownership of Management

Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the
section captioned "Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management" in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

{c} Changes in Control

The Company is not aware of any arrangements, including any pledge by any
person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a
subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company.

ITEM 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

The information contained under the sections captioned "Transactions with
Management" in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                   62

<PAGE>



                              Part IV

ITEM 14 - Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

{a} {1} Financial Statements

        See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 65.

    {2} Financial Statement Schedules

        All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not
        applicable or not required, or because the required information is
        included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto
        or in Part 1,
Item 1.


{b}     Reports on 8-K:

        Reports on Form 8-K filed during the quarter ended December 31, 2000
are as follows:

       Date Filed                 Purpose
       ----------                 -------

    October 30, 2000           The Registrant changed its corporate name from
                               First Washington Bancorp, Inc. to Banner
                               Corporation effective October 30, 2000.
                               The Registrant will continue to trade on
                               the Nasdaq Stock Market under the new
                               "BANR" symbol.  In connection with the
                               Registrant's name change, two of its three
                               banking subsidiaries, First Savings Bank of
                               Washington (including its divisions
                               Whatcom State Bank and Seaport Citizens
                               Bank) and Towne Bank, were merged, and the
                               resulting bank, First Savings Bank,
                               converted to a commercial bank under Title
                               30 of the Revised Code of Washington. As
                               amended, and changed its name to Banner
                               Bank.  These transactions were completed in
                               connection with the Registrant's name
                               change and also were effective on October
                               30, 2000.  Additionally, Inland Empire
                               Bank, the Registrant's Oregon chartered
                               commercial bank, is operating under the new
                               name, Banner Bank of Oregon, effective
                               October 30, 2000.

     November 22, 2000         On November 22, 2000, Banner Corporation
                               ("Company") issued a press release which
                               announced that its Board of Directors has
                               authorized the repurchase up to 5% of the
                               Company's outstanding shares, or approximately
                               600,000 shares, during the next 12 months.
                               For further information, reference is made to
                               the Registrant's press release dated November
                               22, 2000, which is attached as Exhibit 99 to
                               the original Form 8-K filing dated November
                               22, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference.

{c}     Exhibits

        See Index of Exhibits on page 112.

                                   63

<PAGE>



Signatures of Registrant

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 29, 2001.

                                      Banner Corporation

                                      /s/ Gary Sirmon
                                     -------------------------------------
                                      Gary Sirmon
                                      President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company
and in the capacities indicated on March 29, 2001.

/s/ Gary  Sirmon                         /s/ Lloyd W. Baker
--------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
Gary  Sirmon                             Lloyd W. Baker
President and Chief Executive Officer;   Executive Vice President and Chief
Director                                 Financial Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)            (Principal Financial and Accounting
                                         Officer)

/s/ David Casper                         /s/ Robert D. Adams
--------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
David Casper                             Robert D. Adams
Chairman of the Board                    Director

/s/ Marvin Sundquist                     /s/Jesse G. Foster
--------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
Marvin Sundquist                         Jesse G. Foster
Director                                 Director

/s/ S. Rick Meikle                       /s/ Dean W. Mitchell
--------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
S. Rick Meikle                           Dean W. Mitchell
Director                                 Director

/s/ Brent A. Orrico                      /s/Wilber Pribilsky
--------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
Brent A. Orrico                          Wilber Pribilsky
Director                                 Director

/s/ Margaret C. Langlie
--------------------------------------
Margaret C. Langlie
Director

                                   64

<PAGE>



                  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                         (Item 8 and Item 14 (a) (1))



Report of Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66
Report of Audit Committee. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66
Independent Auditors' Report. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .67
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
  as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years
  Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Nine Months
  Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999. . . . . 69
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for
  the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, the
  Nine Months Ended December 31, 1999 and the
  Year ended March 31, 1999. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders'
  Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
  the Nine Months Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year
  Ended March 31, 1999 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
  Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Nine Months
  Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999. . . . . 73
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . 76

                                   65

<PAGE>



February 26, 2001

Report of Management:

To the Stockholders:

The management of Banner Corporation (the Company) is responsible for the
preparation, integrity, and fair presentation of its published financial
statements and all other information presented in this annual report. The
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and, as such,
include amounts based on informed judgments and estimates made by management.
In the opinion of management, the financial statements and other information
herein present fairly the financial condition and operations of the Company at
the dates indicated in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting.  The internal control system is
augmented by written policies and procedures and by audits performed by an
internal audit staff which reports to the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors.  Internal auditors monitor the operation of the internal control
system and report findings to management and the Audit Committee.  When
appropriate, corrective actions are taken to address identified control
deficiencies and other opportunities for improving the system.  The Audit
Committee provides oversight to the financial reporting process.  There are
inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control,
including the possibility of human error and circumvention or overriding of
controls.  Accordingly, even an effective internal control system can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation.
Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of an internal
control system may vary over time.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised entirely of outside
directors who are independent of the Company's management.  The Audit
Committee is responsible for recommending to the Board of Directors the
selection of independent auditors.  It meets periodically with management, the
independent auditors and the internal auditors to ensure that they are
carrying out their responsibilities.  The Committee is also responsible for
performing an oversight role by reviewing and monitoring the financial,
accounting, and auditing procedures of the Company in addition to reviewing
the Company's financial reports.  The independent auditors and the internal
auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee, with or without the
presence of management, to discuss the adequacy of the internal control
structure for financial reporting and any other matters which they believe
should be brought to the attention of the Committee.

/s/Gary Sirmon                          /s/Lloyd W. Baker
Gary Sirmon, Chief Executive Officer    Lloyd W. Baker, Chief Financial
Officer

February 26, 2001


Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised of all directors
who are not employees of the Company.  The Audit Committee has reviewed the
audited financial statements of Banner Corporation  with management of the
Company, including a discussion of the quality of the accounting principles
applied and significant judgments and estimates affecting the financial
statements.  The Audit Committee has also discussed with the outside auditors
the auditors' opinion of the quality of those principles and significant
judgments as applied by management in preparation of the financial statements.
In addition, the members of the Audit Committee have discussed among
themselves, without management or the outside auditors present, the
information disclosed to the committee by management and the outside auditors
and have met regularly with the internal audit staff, without management
present, to review compliance with approved policies and procedures.  In
reliance on these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee believes that
the financial statements of Banner Corporation and subsidiaries are fairly
presented.

/s/Robert D. Adams
Robert D. Adams
Audit Committee Chairman

                                   66

<PAGE>




                    INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Board of Directors
Banner Corporation and Subsidiaries
Walla Walla, Washington

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial
condition of Banner Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2000 and 1999, and the related consolidated statements of income,
comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the
year ended December 31, 2000, the  nine-month period ended December 31, 1999
and the year ended March 31, 1999. These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America.  Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial condition of Banner Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2000, the
nine-month period ended December 31, 1999 and for the year ended March 31,
1999 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.


/s/Deloitte and Touche LLP

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Seattle, Washington
February 26, 2001

                                   67

<PAGE>




                 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                    (in thousands, except shares)
                     December 31, 2000 and 1999

                                    December 31, 2000   December 31, 1999
                                    -----------------   -----------------
ASSETS
Cash and due from banks                  $ 67,356            $ 44,769
Securities available for sale,
 cost $310,538 and $356,617               308,798             348,347
Securities held to maturity,
 fair value $18,269 and $13,716            17,717              13,770
Federal Home Loan Bank stock               28,807              24,543
Loans receivable:
  Held for sale, fair value $8,011 and
   $9,519                                   7,934               9,519
  Held for portfolio                    1,479,149           1,312,186
  Allowance for loan losses               (15,314)            (13,541)
                                       ----------          ----------
                                        1,471,769           1,308,164

Accrued interest receivable                12,963              10,732
Real estate held for sale, net              3,287               3,293
Property and equipment, net                17,746              16,637
Costs in excess of net assets acquired
  (goodwill), net                          34,617              37,733
Deferred income tax asset, net              2,337               5,338
Bank owned life insurance                  14,190               3,842
Other assets                                3,244               2,942
                                       ----------          ----------
                                       $1,982,831          $1,820,110
                                       ==========          ==========
LIABILITIES
Deposits:
  Non-interest-bearing                 $  140,779          $  114,252
  Interest-bearing                      1,051,936             963,900
                                       ----------          ----------
                                        1,192,715           1,078,152

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank      507,098             466,524
Other borrowings                           74,538              81,655
Accrued expenses and other liabilities     10,857              10,524
Deferred compensation                       2,293               1,944
Income taxes payable                        1,535               2,138
                                       ----------          ----------
                                        1,789,036           1,640,937
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Preferred stock - $0.01 par value, 500,000
 shares authorized, no shares issued           --                  --
Common stock - $0.01 par value, 27,500,000
 shares authorized, 13,201,718 shares issued:
 12,005,298 shares and 12,337,027 shares
 outstanding at December 31, 2000 and
 1999, respectively                       133,839             123,204
Retained earnings                          66,893              69,170
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
 Unrealized gain (loss) on securities
  available for sale                       (1,125)             (5,331)
 Unearned shares of common stock issued to
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan(ESOP) trust:
  633,278 and 745,631 restricted shares
  outstanding at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
  respectively, at cost                    (5,234)             (6,162)

Carrying value of shares held in trust for
 stock related compensation plans          (3,130)             (4,041)
Liability for common stock issued to
deferred, stock related, compensation plan  2,552               2,333
                                       ----------          ----------
                                             (578)             (1,708)
                                       ----------          ----------
                                          193,795             179,173
                                       ----------          ----------
                                       $1,982,831          $1,820,110
                                       ==========          ==========

              See notes to consolidated financial statements

                                   68

<PAGE>


                 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                 (in thousands except for per share data)
   For the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the Nine Months
        Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999

                                                 Nine Months  Year
                                   Years Ended    Ended Dec-  Ended
                                   December 31    ember 31    March 31
                                ----------------- ----------  --------
                                  2000     1999     1999       1999
                                  ----     ----     ----       ----
                                       (Unaudited)
INTEREST INCOME:
 Loans receivable               $131,394 $106,468 $ 82,107  $ 89,615
 Mortgage-backed securities       15,358   14,953   11,630    13,025
 Securities and cash equivalents  11,546   10,081    7,295     9,652
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
                                 158,298  131,502  101,032   112,292
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
INTEREST EXPENSE:
 Deposits                         53,120   40,801   31,475    34,019
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances  31,568   24,284   18,505    21,430
 Other borrowings                  4,906    4,275    3,221     4,993
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
                                  89,594   69,360   53,201    60,442
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
 Net interest income before
  provision for loan losses       68,704   62,142   47,831    51,850

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES          2,867    2,516    1,885     2,841
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
 Net interest income              65,837   59,626   45,946    49,009

OTHER OPERATING INCOME:
 Loan servicing fees               1,069      953      741       798
 Other fees and service charges    5,251    4,398    3,367     3,574
 Gain on sale of loans             2,517    1,989    1,157     2,884
 Gain on sale of securities           63        6        2        11
 Miscellaneous                       351      266      248       186
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
 Total other operating income      9,251    7,612    5,515     7,453

OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES:
 Salary and employee benefits     26,392   23,121   17,503    18,644
 Less capitalized loan origination
  costs                           (3,519)  (3,262)  (2,572)   (2,689)
 Occupancy and equipment           7,084    6,051    4,660     4,816
 Information/computer data service 2,526    2,224    1,751     1,603
 Advertising                         788      688      514       590
 Deposit insurance                   223      337      257       338
 Amortization of goodwill          3,170    3,047    2,364     2,389
 Miscellaneous                     9,838    7,667    6,045     6,054
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
 Total other operating expenses   46,502   39,873   30,522    31,745
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
 Income before provision for
  income taxes                    28,586   27,365   20,939    24,717

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES        10,238   10,467    8,070     9,277
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
NET INCOME                      $ 18,348 $ 16,898  $12,869   $15,440
                                ======== ======== ========  ========
Earnings per common share:
  see Notes 2 and 24
      Basic                     $   1.62 $   1.46 $   1.12  $   1.33
      Diluted                   $   1.60 $   1.41 $   1.09  $   1.27

Cumulative dividends declared
  per common share              $   0.52 $  0.44  $   0.33  $   0.35

            See notes to consolidated financial statements

                                   69

<PAGE>



                  BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                           (in thousands)
    For the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the Nine Months
        Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999

                                                 Nine Months  Year
                                    Years Ended   Ended Dec-  Ended
                                    December 31   ember 31    March 31
                                ----------------- ----------  --------
                                   2000     1999     1999      1999
                                   ----     ----     ----      ----
                                        (Unaudited)

NET INCOME                       $18,348  $16,898  $12,869   $15,440

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS), NET
OF INCOME TAXES:
 Unrealized holding gain (loss)
  during the period, net of
  deferred income tax (benefit) of
  $2,344, $(4,201), $(4,123) and
  $(194)                           4,248   (7,767)  (7,626)     (377)

 Less adjustment for gains included
  in net income, net of income tax
  of $21, $2, $1 and $4              (42)      (4)      (1)       (7)
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
 Other comprehensive income/
  (loss)                           4,206   (7,771)  (7,627)     (384)
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME             $22,554  $ 9,127  $ 5,242   $15,056
                                 =======  =======  =======   =======

           See notes to consolidated financial statements

                                   70

<PAGE>



                BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                         (in thousands)
   For the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the Nine Months
        Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999

                                                Nine Months  Year
                                   Years Ended   Ended Dec-  Ended
                                   December 31   ember 31    March 31
                               ----------------- ----------  --------
                                  2000     1999     1999      1999
                                  ----     ----     ----      ----
                                        (Unaudited)
COMMON STOCK:
 Balance, beginning of period   $123,204 $122,049 $130,770  $108,994
 Issuance of stock in connection
  with acquisitions                   53   11,516       --    12,776
 Assumption of options in
  connection with acquisitions        --      527       --     2,546
 Excess(deficiency) of proceeds
  over basis of stock reissued
  for exercised stock options        578      100       80      (265)
 Issuance of shares-10% stock
  dividend: see Note 2            14,731       --       --    24,371
 Purchase and retirement of
  treasury stock                  (5,373) (12,515)  (8,572)   (7,955)
 Retirement of treasury stock
  resulting from reincorporation
  in State of Washington              --       --       --   (11,116)

 Net issuance of stock through
  employees' stock plans, including
  tax benefit                        646    1,527      926     1,419
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
 Balance, end of period          133,839  123,204  123,204   130,770

RETAINED EARNINGS:
 Balance, beginning of period     69,170   57,273   59,958    72,962
 Net income                       18,348   16,898   12,869    15,440
 Issuance of shares-10% stock
  dividend                       (14,731)      --       --   (24,371)
 Cash dividends                   (5,887)  (5,001)  (3,657)   (4,073)
 Other                                (7)      --       --        --
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
 Balance, end of period           66,893   69,170   69,170    59,958

ACCUMULATED OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME:
 Balance, beginning of period     (5,331)   2,440    2,296     2,680
 Other comprehensive income/(loss),
  net of related income taxes      4,206   (7,771)  (7,627)     (384)
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
 Balance, end of period           (1,125)  (5,331)  (5,331)    2,296

TREASURY STOCK:
 Balance, beginning of period         --       --       --   (20,979)
 Issuance of stock in connection
  with acquisitions                   --       --       --    17,206
 Purchases of treasury stock, prior
  to reincorporation                  --       --       --    (7,340)
 Purchases of treasury stock for
  exercised stock options             --       --       --      (409)
 Issuance of treasury stock for MRP
  and/or exercised stock options      --       --       --       409
 Repurchase of forfeited shares
  from MRP                            --       --       --        (3)
 Retirement of treasury shares
  resulting from reincorporation
  in State of Washington              --       --       --    11,116
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
 Balance, end of period               --       --       --        --

UNEARNED, RESTRICTED ESOP
 SHARES AT COST:
 Balance, beginning of period     (6,162)  (6,781)  (6,781)   (7,163)
 Release of earned ESOP shares       928      619      619       382
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
 Balance, end of period           (5,234)  (6,162)  (6,162)   (6,781)

                          continued on next page

                                   71

<PAGE>



                BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                         (in thousands)
   For the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the Nine Months
        Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999

                                                Nine Months  Year
                                   Years Ended   Ended Dec-  Ended
                                   December 31   ember 31    March 31
                               ----------------- ----------  --------
                                  2000     1999     1999      1999
                                  ----     ----     ----      ----
                                        (Unaudited)

CARRYING VALUE OF SHARES HELD N TRUST FOR STOCK RELATED
COMPENSATION PLANS:
 Balance, beginning of period    $(1,708) $(4,098) $(2,635)  $(6,310)
 Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting for Rabbi Trust:
  see Note 1                          --      673       --     1,095
 Stock issued to fund Rabbi
  Trust plans                         --     (601)      --      (601)
 Net change in number and/or
  valuation of shares held in
  trust                              140    1,095        5     1,987
 Issuance of stock for MRP           (62)     (52)     (52)       --
 Amortization of compensation
  related to MRP                   1,052    1,275      974     1,194
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
Balance, end of period              (578)  (1,708)  (1,708)   (2,635)
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY      $193,795 $179,173 $179,173  $183,608
                                 =======  =======  =======   =======
COMMON STOCK, SHARES ISSUED:*
Number of shares, beginning of
  period                          13,202   13,202   13,202    13,202
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
 Number of shares, end of
  period                          13,202   13,202   13,202    13,202
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
LESS TREASURY STOCK RETIRED/
 REPURCHASED:*
 Number of shares, beginning of
  period                            (865)    (770)    (389)   (1,159)
 Repurchase of stock                (394)    (693)    (487)     (742)
 Repurchase of stock for exercised
  stock options                       --       --       --       (20)
 Issuance of stock to deferred
  compensation plan and/or
  exercised stock options             70       44       13        37
 Stock issued in acquisitions          2      558       --     1,497
 Repurchase of stock forfeited
  from MRP                           (10)      (4)      (2)       (2)
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
 Shares of stock retired/
  repurchased, end of period      (1,197)    (865)    (865)     (389)
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
SHARES OUTSTANDING, END OF
 PERIOD*                          12,005   12,337   12,337    12,813
                                 =======  ======= ========   =======

UNEARNED, RESTRICTED ESOP SHARES:*
Number of shares, beginning of
 period                            (746)    (821)    (821)     (867)
Release of earned shares            113       75       75        46
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
Number of shares, end of period    (633)    (746)    (746)     (821)
                                 =======  ======= ========   =======

* Adjusted for stock dividends: see Note 2.

           See notes to consolidated financial statements

                                   72

<PAGE>




                 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                            (in thousands)
    For the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the Nine Months
       Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999

                                                     Nine Months  Year
                                        Years Ended   Ended Dec-  Ended
                                        December 31   ember 31    March 31
                                    ----------------- ----------  --------
                                       2000     1999     1999      1999
                                       ----     ----     ----      ----
                                            (Unaudited)
OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net income                          $ 18,348 $ 16,898 $ 12,869  $ 15,440
Adjustments to reconcile net
 income to net cash provided
 by operating activities:
 Deferred taxes                          678     (303)    (302)     (144)
 Depreciation                          2,718    2,369    1,764     1,901
 Loss(gain) on sale of securities        (63)      (6)      (2)      (11)
 Increase in cash surrender value
  of bank owned life insurance          (348)    (331)    (242)     (221)
 Net amortization of premiums and
  discounts on investments                86      655      325     1,017
 Amortization of costs in excess
  of net assets acquired               3,170    3,047    2,364     2,389
 Amortization of MRP compensation
  liability                            1,052    1,275      974     1,194
 Loss(gain)on disposal of equipment       41       (7)      (7)      (95)
 Loss (gain) on sale of loans         (2,121)  (1,619)  (1,029)   (1,903)
 Net change in deferred loan fees,
  premiums and discounts                 765    1,931    1,934        46
 Loss(gain) on disposal of real
  estate held for sale                    43      (50)     (61)       35
 Amortization of mortgage
  servicing rights                       251      296      215       277
 Capitalization of mortgage servic-
  ing rights from sale of mortgages
  with servicing retained               (395)    (370)    (128)     (981)
 Provision for losses on loans
  and REO                              3,058    2,516    1,885     2,841
 FHLB stock dividend                  (1,727)  (1,722)  (1,287)   (1,545)
 Net change in:
  Loans held for sale                  1,585    5,187    1,737     3,306
  Accrued interest receivable         (2,231)  (1,345)    (454)   (1,111)
  Other assets                          (136)   1,233      238     1,086
  Deferred compensation                  463      520      382       380
  Accrued expenses and other
   liabilities                            (3)   1,599    2,512       170
  Income taxes payable                  (601)   1,261    1,092    (1,709)
                                    --------  -------  -------   -------
     Net cash provided by operating
      activities                      24,633   33,034   24,779    22,362
                                    --------  -------  -------   -------

                       continued on next page

                                   73

<PAGE>




                BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                            (in thousands)
  For the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the Nine Months
      Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999
                    (continued from prior page)

                                                Nine Months  Year
                                   Years Ended   Ended Dec-  Ended
                                   December 31   ember 31    March 31
                               ----------------- ----------  --------
                                  2000     1999     1999      1999
                                  ----     ----     ----      ----
                                        (Unaudited)
INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 Purchases of securities
  available for sale           $(17,969)$(116,025)$(45,021)$(353,354)
 Principal repayments and
  maturities of securities
  available for sale              42,303  106,384   53,120   301,393
 Sales of securities available
  for sale                        21,703    6,260    5,829     2,637
 Purchases of securities held
  to maturity                     (4,759) (12,058) (12,058)       --
 Principal repayments and
  maturities of securities
  held to maturity                   830      586      449       647
 Loans originated and closed,
  net                           (880,824)(964,454)(759,640) (716,952)
 Purchases of loans and parti-
  cipating interest in loans     (11,986) (40,236) (13,171)  (86,165)
 Sales of loans and partici-
  pating interest in loans       135,670  143,799   99,316   127,452
 Principal repayments on loans   588,587  623,550  486,948   521,958
 Net sales(purchases) of
  FHLB stock                      (2,537)     269     (119)   (3,437)
 Proceeds from sale of
  property and equipment              19       10       10       373
 Purchases of property and
  equipment                       (3,887)  (2,539)  (1,866)   (3,067)
 Additional investment in real
  estate held for sale, net of
  insurance proceeds                 (88)    (426)    (346)     (165)
 Proceeds from sale of real
  estate held for sale             1,608    3,395    2,407     2,661
 Funds transferred to deferred
  compensation plans                (136)    (489)     (99)     (494)
 (Investment in)proceeds from
  bank owned life insurance      (10,000)     280      280        --
 Acquisitions,net of cash
  acquired                            (6)    (874)  (5,423)   13,877
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
     Net cash used by investing
      activities                (141,472)(252,568)(189,384) (192,636)
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Increase(decrease) in deposits  114,563  142,885   86,302   129,998
 Proceeds from FHLB advances     873,179  477,153  420,900   300,807
 Repayment of FHLB advances     (832,605)(411,480)(362,628) (199,099)
 Proceeds from repurchase
  agreement borrowings               993    4,500    4,500       268
 Repayment of repurchase
  agreement borrowings            (4,301) (12,246) (10,492)  (13,008)
 Increase(decrease) in other
  borrowings                      (3,705)   5,029    9,180      (516)
 Compensation expense recognized
  for shares released for
  allocation to participants of
  the ESOP:
    Original basis of shares         928      619      619       382
    Excess of fair value of
     released shares over basis      582      685      686       542
 Cash dividends paid              (5,553)  (4,694)  (3,709)   (3,595)
 Net (cost)proceeds from
  exercised stock options            578      100       80      (265)
 Repurchases of stock, net of
  forfeitures                     (5,233) (12,481)  (8,567)  (15,266)
                                -------- -------- --------  --------
     Net cash provided by
      financing activities       139,426  190,070  136,871   200,248
                                -------- -------- --------  --------

                       continued on next page

                                   74

<PAGE>




                 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                           (in thousands)
   For the Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the Nine Months
       Ended December 31, 1999 and the Year Ended March 31, 1999
                     (Continued from prior page)

                                                 Nine Months  Year
                                    Years Ended   Ended Dec-  Ended
                                    December 31   ember 31    March 31
                               ----------------- ----------  --------
                                   2000     1999     1999      1999
                                   ----     ----     ----      ----
                                    (Unaudited)
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH
 AND DUE FROM BANKS               22,587  (29,464) (27,734)   29,974

CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS,
 BEGINNING OF PERIOD              44,769   74,233   72,503    42,529
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS,
 END OF PERIOD                   $67,356  $44,769  $44,769   $72,503
                                 =======  =======  =======   =======

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
 Interest paid                   $88,444  $70,719  $54,792   $59,407
 Taxes paid                      $10,161  $ 9,037  $ 7,298   $10,619
 Non-cash transactions:
  Loans, net of discounts,
   specific loss allowances and
   unearned income transferred
   to real estate held for sale  $ 1,922  $ 3,890  $ 3,854   $ 3,007
  Net change in accrued
   dividends payable             $   336  $   333  $    52   $   477
  Net change in unrealized gain/
   (loss) in deferred compensation
   trust and related liability   $   113  $ 2,177  $    66   $ 3,498
  Stock issued to Rabbi Trust/
   MRP                           $    86  $   653  $    52   $   601
  Stock forfeited by MRP         $     5  $    34  $     5   $    32
  Recognize tax benefit of
   vested MRP shares             $     2  $   188  $   188   $   276
  Non-cash portion of 10%
   stock dividend                $14,731  $    --  $    --   $24,371

The following summarizes the non-cash activities relating to acquisitions:

  Fair value of assets acquired      (48)(157,278) (51,374) (270,436)
  Fair value of liabilities
   assumed                            --  134,917   41,201   230,012
  Fair value of stock issued
   and options assumed to
   acquisitions' shareholders         48   12,043       --    32,527
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
  Cash paid out in acquisition        --  (10,318) (10,173)   (7,897)
  Less cash acquired                  --    9,444    4,750    21,774
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
  Net cash acquired (used)       $    --  $  (874) $(5,423)  $13,877
                                 =======  =======  =======   =======

           See notes to consolidated financial statements

                                   75
<PAGE>



BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1:  BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Name Change/Consolidation of Banking Operations: On October 30, 2000 First
Washington Bancorp, Inc. (FWWB) changed its name to Banner Corporation (BANR
or the Company) in conjunction with a consolidation of banking operations
affecting its banking subsidiaries.  Towne Bank (TB) merged with First Savings
Bank of Washington (FSBW), FSBW converted from a Washington state-chartered
savings bank to a Washington state-chartered commercial bank and changed its
name, along with the names of its divisions, Whatcom State Bank and Seaport
Citizens Bank, to Banner Bank (BB).  At the same time, Inland Empire Bank
(IEB) changed its name to Banner Bank of Oregon (BBO).  Because the changes
occurred during the effective date of the current financial presentation, the
names of First Savings Bank of Washington, Inland Empire Bank and Towne Bank
continue to be used in this document when discussing business segment
information in Note 27.

Basis for Presentation:  The Company is a bank holding company incorporated in
the State of Washington.  The Company is primarily engaged in the business of
planning, directing and coordinating the business activities of its wholly
owned subsidiaries, BB and BBO  (together, the Banks).  BB is a
Washington-chartered commercial bank the deposits of which are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) under the Savings Association
Insurance Fund (SAIF).  BB conducts business from its main office in Walla
Walla, Washington and its thirty-two branch offices and four loan production
offices located in Washington, Oregon and Idaho.  BBO is an Oregon- chartered
commercial bank whose deposits are insured by the FDIC under the Bank
Insurance Fund (BIF).  BBO conducts business from its main office in
Hermiston, Oregon, and its six branch offices and one loan production office
located in northeast Oregon.

The Company and its Bank subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the Federal
Reserve Board (FRB) and the FDIC.  In addition BB and BBO are subject to the
state banking regulations applicable to their state charters.

Change in Fiscal Year End:  During May of 1999, the Company announced its
decision to change its fiscal year from April 1 through March 31 to January 1
through December 31.  The prior fiscal period is for the transition period
April 1, 1999 through December 31, 1999.

Nature of Business:  The operating results of the Company depend primarily on
its net interest income, which is the difference between interest income on
interest-earning assets, consisting of loans and securities, and interest
expense on interest-bearing liabilities, composed primarily of savings
deposits, Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and repurchase agreements.
Net interest income is a function of the Company's interest rate spread, which
is the difference between the yield earned on interest-earning assets and the
rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, as well as a function of the
average balance of interest-earning assets as compared to the average balance
of interest-bearing liabilities.

In addition to interest income on loans and securities, the Banks receive
other income from deposit service charges, loan origination and servicing fees
and from the sale of loans and investments.

Principles of Consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of BANR and its wholly owned subsidiaries, BB and BBO.  All
material intercompany transactions, profits and balances have been eliminated.

Use of Estimates: The preparation of the financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial
statements. Changes in these estimates and assumptions are considered
reasonably possible and may have a material impact on the financial
statements.  The Company has used significant estimates in determining
reported reserves and allowances for loan losses, mortgage servicing rights,
goodwill, tax liabilities and other contingencies.

Securities: Securities are classified as held to maturity when the Company has
the ability and positive intent to hold them to maturity. Securities
classified as available for sale are available for future liquidity
requirements and may be sold prior to maturity.

                                   76

<PAGE>

Securities held to maturity are carried at cost, adjusted for amortization of
premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Unrealized losses on
securities held to maturity due to decreases in fair value are recognized when
it is determined that an other than temporary decline in value has occurred.
Securities available for sale are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and
losses on securities available for sale are excluded from earnings and are
reported net of tax as accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of
stockholders' equity, until realized.  Realized gains and losses on sale are
computed on the specific identification method and are included in operations
on the trade date sold.

Loans Receivable: The Banks originate mortgage loans for both portfolio
investment and sale in the secondary market.  At the time of origination,
mortgage loans are designated as held for sale or held for investment.  Loans
held for sale are stated at lower of cost or estimated fair value determined
on an aggregate basis.  The Banks also originate commercial, financial,
agribusiness and installment credit loans for portfolio investment. Loans
receivable not designated as held for sale are recorded at the principal
amount outstanding, net of allowance for loan losses, deferred fees,
discounts, and premiums.  Premiums, discounts and deferred loan fees are
amortized to maturity using the level-yield methodology.

Interest is accrued as earned unless management doubts the collectibility of
the loan or the unpaid interest.  Interest accruals are generally discontinued
when loans become 90 days past due for interest.  All previously accrued but
uncollected interest is deducted from interest income upon transfer to
nonaccrual status.  Future collection of interest is included in interest
income based upon an assessment of the likelihood that the loans will be
repaid or recovered.  A loan may be put in nonaccrual status sooner than this
policy would dictate if, in management's judgment, the loan may be
uncollectible.  Such interest is then recognized as income only if it is
ultimately collected.

Allowances for Loan Losses: The adequacy of general and specific reserves is
based on management's continuing evaluation of the pertinent factors
underlying the quality of the loan portfolio, including changes in the size
and composition of the loan portfolio, delinquency rates, actual loan loss
experience and current economic conditions.  Large groups of smaller-balance
homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment.  Loans that are
collectively evaluated for impairment by the Banks include residential real
estate and consumer loans.  Smaller balance non-homogeneous loans also may be
evaluated collectively for impairment. Larger balance non-homogeneous
residential construction and land, commercial real estate, commercial business
loans and unsecured loans are individually evaluated for impairment.  Loans
are considered impaired when, based on current information and events,
management determines that it is probable that the Bank will be unable to
collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan
agreement. Factors involved in determining impairment include, but are not
limited to, the financial condition of the borrower, value of the underlying
collateral and current status of the economy. Impaired loans are measured
based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan's effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan's
observable market price or the fair value of collateral if the loan is
collateral dependent.  Subsequent changes in the value of impaired loans are
included within the provision for loan losses in the same manner in which
impairment initially was recognized or as a reduction in the provision that
would otherwise be reported.

The Company's methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance
consists of several key elements, which include specific allowances, an
allocated formula allowance, and an unallocated allowance. Losses on specific
loans are provided for when the losses are probable and estimable. General
loan loss reserves are established to provide for inherent loan portfolio
risks not specifically provided for.  The level of general reserves is based
on analysis of potential exposures existing in the Banks' loan portfolios
including evaluation of historical trends, current market conditions and other
relevant factors identified by management at the time the financial statements
are prepared. The formula allowance is calculated by applying loss factors to
outstanding loans, excluding loans with specific allowances.  Loss factors are
based on the Company's historical loss experience adjusted for significant
factors including the experience of other banking organizations that, in
management's judgment, affect the collectibility of the portfolio as of the
evaluation date. The unallocated allowance is based upon management's
evaluation of various factors that are not directly measured in the
determination of the formula and specific allowances. This methodology may
result in losses or recoveries differing significantly from those provided in
the financial statements.

When available information confirms that specific loans or portions thereof
are uncollectible, these amounts are charged off against the allowance for
loan losses.  The existence of some or all of the following criteria will
generally confirm that a loss has been incurred: the loan is significantly
delinquent and the borrower has not evidenced the ability or intent to bring
the loan current; the Company has no recourse to the borrower, or if it does,
the borrower has insufficient assets to pay the debt; or the fair value of the
loan collateral is significantly below the current loan balance and there is
little or no near-term prospect for improvement.

                                   77

<PAGE>



Loan Origination and Commitment Fees: Loan origination fees, net of certain
specifically defined direct loan origination costs, are deferred and
recognized as an adjustment of the loans' interest yield using the level-yield
method over the contractual term of each loan adjusted for actual loan
prepayment experience. Net deferred fees or costs related to loans held for
sale are recognized in income at the time the loans are sold.  Loan commitment
fees are deferred until the expiration of the commitment period unless
management believes there is a remote likelihood that the underlying
commitment will be exercised, in which case the fees are amortized to fee
income using the straight-line method over the commitment period.  If a loan
commitment is exercised, the deferred commitment fee is accounted for in the
same manner as a loan origination fee. Deferred commitment fees associated
with expired commitments are recognized as fee income.

Real Estate Held for Sale: Property acquired by foreclosure or deed in lieu of
foreclosure is recorded at the lower of estimated fair value, less cost to
sell, or the principal balance of the defaulted loan.  Development,
improvement, and direct holding costs relating to the property are
capitalized.  The carrying value of such property is periodically evaluated by
management and, if necessary, allowances are established to reduce the
carrying value to net realizable value.  Gains or losses at the time the
property is sold are charged or credited to operations in the period in which
they are realized.  The amounts the Banks will ultimately recover from real
estate held for sale may differ substantially from the carrying value of the
assets because of future market factors beyond the Banks' control or because
of changes in the Banks' strategy for recovering the investment.

Property and Equipment: The provision for depreciation is based upon the
straight-line method applied to individual assets and groups of assets
acquired in the same year at rates adequate to charge off the related costs
over their estimated useful lives:

     Buildings and improvements. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10-30 years
     Furniture and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3-10 years

Routine maintenance, repairs, and replacement costs are expensed as incurred.
Expenditures which materially increase values or extend useful lives are
capitalized.  The Company reviews buildings, leasehold improvements, and
equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the undiscounted cash flows for the property are less than its carrying
value.  If identified, an impairment loss is recognized through a charge to
earnings based on the fair value of the property.

Costs in Excess of Net Assets Acquired:  Costs in excess of net assets
acquired (goodwill) is an intangible asset arising from the purchase of IEB,
TB, WSB and SCB.  It is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the
14-year period of expected benefit.  The Company periodically evaluates
goodwill for impairment.

Mortgage Servicing Rights: Purchased servicing rights represent the cost of
acquiring the right to service mortgage loans. Originated servicing rights are
recorded when mortgage loans are originated and subsequently sold or
securitized with the servicing rights retained.  The total cost of mortgage
loans sold is allocated to the servicing rights and the loans (without the
servicing rights) based on relative fair values.  The cost relating to
purchased and originated servicing is capitalized and amortized in proportion
to, and over the period of, estimated future net servicing income.

The Banks assess the fair value of unamortized servicing rights for impairment
on a stratum by stratum basis every quarter by using secondary market quotes
for comparable packages of serviced loans and a valuation model that
calculates the present value of future cash flows using market discount rates
and market based assumptions for prepayment speeds, servicing costs and
ancillary income for those pools of serviced mortgages for which secondary
market quotes are not readily available. For purposes of measuring impairment,
the servicing rights are stratified based on their interest rate, original and
remaining terms to maturity and balances outstanding.

Income Taxes: The Company files a consolidated income tax return including all
of its wholly owned subsidiaries on a calendar year basis. Income taxes are
accounted for using the asset and liability method.  Under this method, a
deferred tax asset or liability is determined based on the enacted tax rates
which will be in effect when the differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts and tax bases of existing assets and liabilities are expected
to be reported in the Company's income tax returns. The effect on deferred
taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period of
change.  Where state income tax laws do not permit consolidated income tax
returns, applicable state income tax returns are filed.

                                   78

<PAGE>



Stock Compensation Plans: The Company loaned the ESOP the funds necessary to
fund the purchase of 8% of the Company's initial public offering of common
stock.  The loan to the ESOP will be repaid principally from the Company's
contribution to the ESOP, and the collateral for the loan is the Company's
common stock purchased by the ESOP.  As the debt is repaid, shares are
released from collateral based on the proportion of debt service paid in the
year and allocated to participants' accounts. As shares are released from
collateral, compensation expense is recorded equal to the average current
market price of the shares, and the shares become outstanding for
earnings-per-share calculations.  Stock and cash dividends on allocated shares
are recorded as a reduction of retained earnings and paid or distributed
directly to participants' accounts. Stock and cash dividends on unallocated
shares are recorded as a reduction of debt and accrued interest (see
additional discussion in Note 15).

In July 1998, the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) reached a consensus on the accounting
treatment for deferred compensation arrangements where amounts earned are held
in a Rabbi Trust and invested.  The consensus position (EITF 97-14) was
applied as of September 30, 1998 for all awards granted, and existing plans
were required to be amended prior to September 30, 1998.  Application of the
consensus is reflected as a change in accounting principle under which the
Company stock purchased for a Rabbi Trust obligation and the related liability
for deferred compensation are recorded at acquisition cost.  Prior to this
change the stock was recorded at fair market value.  The effect of this change
in accounting increased equity by $1.1 million and reduced the related
liability for deferred compensation by the same amount.

Average Balances:  Average balances are obtained from the best available
daily, weekly or monthly data, which BANR's management believes approximate
the average balances calculated on a daily basis.

Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities:  Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 133, as amended by SFAS Nos. 137 and
138, was issued in June 1998 and establishes accounting and reporting
standards for derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments
embedded in other contracts, and for hedging activities.  BANR implemented
this statement on January 1, 2001.  The impact of the adoption of the
provisions of this statement on the results of operations and financial
condition of BANR was considered to be immaterial.

Reclassification: Certain amounts in the prior periods' financial statements
have been reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation.

Note 2: RECENT DEVELOPMENTS AND ACQUISITIONS

Consolidation of Banking Operations:
On October 30, 2000 the Company changed its name from First Washington
Bancorp, Inc. (FWWB) to Banner Corporation (BANR or the Company) in
conjunction with a consolidation of banking operations affecting its banking
subsidiaries.  Towne Bank (TB) merged with First Savings Bank of Washington
(FSBW), FSBW converted from a Washington state-chartered savings bank to a
Washington state-chartered commercial bank and changed its name, along with
the names of its divisions, Whatcom State Bank (WSB) and Seaport Citizens Bank
(SCB), to Banner Bank (BB).  At the same time, Inland Empire Bank (IEB)
changed its name to Banner Bank of Oregon (BBO).  The combination was designed
to strengthen the Company's commitment to community banking by more
effectively sharing the resources of the existing subsidiaries, improving
operating efficiency and developing a broader regional and brand identity.
Final integration of all data processing into a common system is scheduled for
completion by December 31, 2001.  In light of the new Gramm-Leach-Bliley
financial modernization legislation, the Company chose to retain a separate
charter for BBO and to operate two banking subsidiaries.  The recent
legislation enacts Federal Home Loan Bank System reforms that impact community
financial institutions.  A community financial institution is defined as a
"member of the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) System, the deposits of which are
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and that has
average total assets (over the preceding three years) of less than $500
million."  One provision of the reform provides community financial
institutions with the ability to obtain long-term FHLB advances to fund small
business, small farm and small agribusiness loans.  In addition, community
financial institutions will be able to offer these loans as collateral for
such borrowings.  This provision, which represents a change in policy from the
previous requirements that these funds be securitized primarily by residential
mortgage loans, will be available only to community financial institutions.
As an independent subsidiary, BBO currently qualifies as a community financial
institution.  Merging BBO and BB would disqualify it and remove this favorable
status.  On the other hand, consolidation of support operations continues and
the Company expects to receive long-term benefits from the proposed
efficiencies.  BB and BBO operate under the direction of the same Board of
Directors and Executive Management.

                                   79

<PAGE>


Note 2: RECENT DEVELOPMENTS AND ACQUISITIONS (continued)

Declaration of 10% Stock Dividend:
On October 19, 2000 BANR's Board of Directors declared a 10% stock dividend
payable November 10, 2000 to shareholders of record on October 31, 2000.  All
earnings per share and share data have been adjusted to reflect the 10% stock
dividend.

Mortgage Lending Subsidiary:
On April 1, 2000 BB opened a new mortgage lending subsidiary, Community
Financial Corporation (CFC), located in the Lake Oswego area of Portland,
Oregon, with John Satterberg as President.  Primary lending activities for CFC
are in the area of construction and permanent financing for one- to
four-family residential dwellings.  CFC, an Oregon corporation, functions as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Banner Bank.  BB has capitalized CFC with $2
million of equity capital and provides funding support for CFC's lending
operations.

Recent Accounting Standard Not Yet Adopted:
In September 2000, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards(SFAS) No. 140 Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial
Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities, which revises the standards for
accounting for securitizations and other transfers of financial assets and
collateral and requires certain disclosures, but carries over most of the
provisions of SFAS No. 125 without reconsideration. SFAS No. 140 is effective
for transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of
liabilities occurring after March 31, 2001.  The provisions of this statement
are not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial position
or results of operations.

Acquisition of Seaport Citizens Bank:
On April 1, 1999, the Company and FSBW (now operating as BB) completed the
acquisition of Seaport Citizens Bank (SCB). FSBW paid $10.1 million in cash
for all the outstanding common shares of SCB, which was headquartered in
Lewiston, Idaho. As a result of the merger of SCB into FSBW, SCB became a
division of FSBW.  The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and
resulted in the recording of $6.1 million of costs in excess of the fair value
of SCB's net assets acquired (goodwill).  Goodwill assets are being amortized
over a 14-year period and resulted in a current charge to earnings of $108,100
per quarter, beginning in the  quarter ended June 30,1999, or $433,000 per
year. Founded in 1979, SCB was a commercial bank which had, before recording
of purchase accounting adjustments, approximately $45 million in total assets,
$41 million in deposits, $27 million in loans, and $4.1 million in
shareholders' equity at March 31, 1999.  SCB operated two full service
branches in Lewiston, Idaho.  SCB's results of operations are included in the
Company's consolidated results of operations and financial statements for all
periods subsequent to April 1,1999.

Acquisition of  Whatcom State Bancorp, Inc.:
On January 1, 1999 the Company completed the acquisition of Whatcom State
Bancorp, Inc.  The Company paid $12.1 million in common stock for all the
outstanding common shares and stock options of Whatcom State Bancorp, Inc.,
which was the holding company for Whatcom State Bank (WSB), headquartered in
Bellingham, Washington.  As a result of the merger of Whatcom State Bancorp,
Inc. into the Company, WSB became a division of FSBW ( now operating as BB ).
The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and resulted in the recording
of approximately $6.0 million of costs in excess of the fair value of Whatcom
State Bancorp, Inc. net assets acquired (goodwill).  Goodwill assets are being
amortized over a 14-year period resulting in a current charge to earnings of
approximately $105,200 per quarter or $421,000 per year.  Founded in 1980, WSB
was a community commercial bank which had, before recording of purchase
accounting adjustments, approximately $99 million in total assets, $85 million
in deposits, $79 million in loans, and $5.4 million in shareholders' equity at
December 31, 1998.  WSB operated five branches in the Bellingham, Washington,
area Bellingham, Ferndale, Lynden, Blaine and Point Roberts.  WSB's results of
operations are included in the Company's consolidated results of operations
and financial statements for all periods subsequent to January 1,1999.

                                   80


<PAGE>



Note 3: CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS

Cash and due from banks consisted of the following (in thousands):

                                        December 31      December 31
                                           2000             1999
                                          ------           ------
   Cash on hand and demand deposits      $52,053          $41,810
   Cash equivalents:
   Short-term cash investments             4,073              559
   Federal funds sold                     11,230            2,400
                                          ------           ------
                                         $67,356          $44,769
                                          ======           ======

For the purpose of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include
cash on hand, amounts due from banks, overnight investments and short-term
deposits with original maturities less than 90 days.

FRB regulations require depository institutions to maintain certain minimum
reserve balances.  Included in cash and demand deposits were reserves required
by the FRB of $12.5 million and $9.1 million at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

Note 4: SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available for sale
are summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                       December 31, 2000
                           -------------------------------------------
                                      Gross       Gross      Estimated
                           Amortized  unrealized  unrealized  fair
                               cost   gains       losses      value
                           ---------  ----------  --------   ------
U.S.Government and agency
 obligations                 $61,468   $    181   $  (224)  $ 61,425
Municipal bonds:
   Taxable                     5,354         20      (259)     5,115
   Tax exempt                 25,383        583      (193)    25,773
Corporate bonds               21,350         --      (915)    20,435
Mortgage-backed securities:
   FHLMC certificates          3,025         40       (21)     3,044
   FHLMC collateralized
    mortgage obligations      38,643         29    (1,284)    37,388
                            --------   --------  --------   --------
     Total FHLMC mortgage-
       backed securities      41,668         69    (1,305)    40,432

   GNMA certificates          16,808         76      (242)    16,642
   GNMA collateralized
    mortgage obligations       7,220         19       (39)     7,200
                            --------   --------  --------   --------
     Total GNMA mortgage-
      backed securities       24,028         95      (281)    23,842

   FNMA certificates           5,311         81       (27)     5,365
   FNMA collateralized
    mortgage obligations      67,641        482    (1,700)    66,423
                            --------   --------  --------   --------
     Total FNMA mortgage-
      backed securities       72,952        563    (1,727)    71,788

   Other collateralized
    mortgage obligations      56,987        129    (1,097)    56,019

FHLMC stock                    1,035      2,479        --      3,514
FNMA stock                       303        101        --        404
FARMERMAC stock                   10         34        --         44
Miscellaneous equities            --          7        --          7
                            --------   --------   --------  --------
                            $310,538   $  4,261   $(6,001)  $308,798
                            ========   ========   ========  ========

Proceeds from sales of securities during the year ended December 31, 2000 were
$21,703,000.  Gross gains of $957,000 and gross losses of $894,000 were
realized on those sales.

                                   81

<PAGE>



Note 4: SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE (continued)

                                       December 31, 1999
                           -------------------------------------------
                                      Gross       Gross      Estimated
                           Amortized  unrealized  unrealized  fair
                               cost   gains       losses      value
                           ---------  ----------  ---------- --------

U.S. Government and agency
 obligations                $ 60,197   $     62   $(1,391)  $ 58,868
Municipal bonds:
  Taxable                     4,947         33      (229)     4,751
   Tax exempt                 30,505        635      (555)    30,585
Corporate bonds               22,689         --    (1,125)    21,564
Mortgage-backed securities:
   FHLMC certificates          3,372         20       (68)     3,324
   FHLMC collateralized
    mortgage obligations      56,935         48    (2,773)    54,210
                            --------   --------   --------  --------
     Total FHLMC mortgage-
      backed securities       60,307         68    (2,841)    57,534

   GNMA certificates          18,982         34      (710)    18,306
   GNMA collateralized
    mortgage obligations       8,697          8      (201)     8,504
                            --------   --------   --------  --------
     Total GNMA mortgage-
      backed securities       27,679         42      (911)    26,810

   FNMA certificates           5,518         17       (83)     5,452
   FNMA collateralized
    mortgage obligations      80,916        254    (2,551)    78,619
                            --------   --------   --------  --------
     Total FNMA mortgage-
      backed securities       86,434        271    (2,634)    84,071

   Other collateralized
    mortgage obligations      62,497         24    (2,126)    60,395

FHLMC stock                    1,049      2,327       (20)     3,356
FNMA stock                       303         72        (3)       372
FARMERMAC stock                   10         27        --         37
Miscellaneous equities            --          4        --          4
                           ---------  ---------  --------   --------
                            $356,617    $ 3,565  $(11,835)  $348,347
                           =========  =========  ========   ========

Proceeds from sales of securities during the nine months ended December 31,
1999 were $5,829,000.  Gross gains of $2,000 and gross losses of $0 were
realized on those sales.

At December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Company's investment portfolio did not
contain any securities of an issuer (other than the U.S. Government, its
agencies and U.S. Government sponsored enterprises) which had an aggregate
book value in excess of 10% of the Company's stockholders' equity at that
date.

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available for sale
at December 31, 2000, by contractual maturity, are shown below (in thousands).
Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers
may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties.

                                                 December 31, 2000
                                              -----------------------
                                              Amortized     Estimated
                                                   cost    fair value
                                              ---------    ----------

Due in one year or less                       $  12,034    $   12,016
Due after one year through five years            61,413        61,449
Due after five years through ten years           24,991        24,785
Due after ten years                             210,752       206,579
                                              ---------    ----------
                                                309,190       304,829
Equity securities                                 1,348         3,969
                                              ---------    ----------
                                              $ 310,538    $  308,798
                                              =========    ==========

                                   82

<PAGE>



Note 5: SECURITIES HELD TO MATURITY

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities held to maturity are
summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                      December 31, 2000
                           -------------------------------------------
                                           Gross       Gross Estimated
                           Amortized  unrealized  unrealized      fair
                                cost       gains      losses     value
                           ---------  ----------  ---------- ---------
Mortgage-backed securities:
   FHLMC/FNMA certificates $   1,992  $       44  $       --  $ 2,036
Municipal bonds:
   Tax exempt                  2,438          34         (27)   2,445
   Taxable                       997           8          --    1,005
Corporate bonds                7,000         493          --    7,493
Asset-backed securities        5,290          --          --    5,290
                           ---------  ----------  ---------- --------
                           $  17,717  $      579  $      (27) $18,269
                           =========  ==========  ========== ========

                                      December 31, 1999
                           -------------------------------------------
                                           Gross       Gross Estimated
                           Amortized  unrealized  unrealized      fair
                                cost       gains      losses     value
                           ---------  ----------  ---------- ---------
Mortgage-backed securities:
   FHLMC certificates      $   1,196  $       --  $      (25) $ 1,171
Municipal bonds:
   Tax exempt                  1,613          11          (2)   1,622
   Taxable                     1,096          11         (10)   1,097
Corporate bonds                4,000          --         (10)   3,990
Asset-backed securities        5,865          --         (29)   5,836
                           ---------  ----------  ---------- --------
                           $  13,770  $       22  $      (76) $13,716
                           =========  ==========  ==========  =======

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities held to maturity at
December 31, 2000, by contractual maturity, are shown below (in thousands):

                                                December 31, 2000
                                              -----------------------
                                              Amortized     Estimated
                                                   cost    fair value
                                              ---------    ----------

Due in one year or less                       $     227    $      226
Due after one year through five years             7,557         7,562
Due after five years through ten years              102           113
Due after ten years                               9,831        10,368
                                              ---------    ----------
                                              $  17,717    $   18,269
                                              =========    ==========

                                   83

<PAGE>





Note 6: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING INTEREST INCOME FROM SECURITIES AND
CASH EQUIVALENTS.

The following table sets forth the composition of income from securities and
cash equivalents for the periods indicated (in thousands):

                                    Year Ended   Nine Months   Year
                                    December 31   Ended Dec-   Ended
                                   -------------   ember 31    March 31
                                   2000     1999     1999      1999
                                   ----     ----     ----      ----
                                        (Unaudited)

Taxable interest income           $7,853   $6,239   $4,409    $6,069
Tax-exempt interest income         1,859    2,036    1,517     1,967
Other stock dividend income          106       85       83        71
Federal Home Loan Bank stock
 dividend income                   1,728    1,721    1,286     1,545
   Total income from securities
     and cash equivalents         ------  -------  -------   -------
                                 $11,546  $10,081  $ 7,295   $ 9,652
                                  ======  =======  =======   =======

Note 7: LOANS RECEIVABLE

Loans receivable at December 31, 2000 and 1999 are summarized as follows (in
thousands) (includes loans held for sale):

                                              December 31   December 31
                                                     2000          1999
                                               ----------   -----------
Loans:
  Secured by real estate
   One- to four-family real estate loans      $  408,613     $  419,132
   Commercial                                    366,071        330,258
   Multifamily                                    84,282         66,287
   Construction and land                         271,273        194,625
  Commercial                                     228,676        194,817
  Agribusiness                                    67,809         55,052
  Consumer, including credit cards                60,359         61,534
                                              ----------     ----------
     Total loans                               1,487,083      1,321,705
  Less allowance for loan losses                  15,314         13,541
                                              ----------     ----------
     Total net loans at end of period         $1,471,769     $1,308,164
                                              ==========     ==========

Loans serviced for others totaled $284,551,000 and $273,926,000 at December
31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Custodial accounts maintained in connection
with this servicing totaled $2,469,000 and $2,531,000 at December 31, 2000 and
1999, respectively.

The Banks' outstanding loan commitments totaled $262,418,000 and $166,921,000
at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. In addition, the Banks had
outstanding commitments to sell loans of $7,940,000 at December 31, 2000.

The amount of impaired loans and the related allocated reserve for loan losses
were as follows (in thousands):

                                       December 31        December 31
                                           2000              1999
                                   -----------------   -----------------
                                     Loan  Allocated     Loan  Allocated
                                   amount   reserves   amount   reserves
                                   ------  ---------   ------  ---------
Impaired loans:
  Non-accrual                      $3,865   $   133    $2,563   $   117
  Accrual                              --        --       400        --
                                   ------   -------    ------   -------
                                   $3,865   $   133    $2,963   $   117
                                   ======   =======    ======   =======


                                   84

<PAGE>



The average balance of impaired loans and the related interest income
recognized were as follows:

                                                           Nine
                                    Year Ended     Months Ended  Year Ended
                                    December 31     December 31    March 31
                                   --------------  ------------  ----------
                                    2000     1999          1999        1999
                                    ----     ----          ----        ----
                                         (Unaudited)

Average balance of impaired loans  $3,899  $3,455        $3,447      $  622
Interest income recognized             --      --            --          --

The Banks originate both adjustable- and fixed-rate loans.  At December 31,
2000, the maturity and repricing composition of those loans, less undisbursed
amounts and deferred fees, were as follows (in thousands):

  Fixed-rate (term to maturity):
      Due in one year or less                               $  49,844
      Due after one year through three years                   80,466
      Due after three years through five years                 95,240
      Due after five years through ten years                  142,888
      Due after ten years                                     342,179
                                                            ---------
                                                            $ 710,617
                                                            =========
  Adjustable-rate (term to rate adjustment):
      Due in one year or less                               $ 601,110
      Due after one year through three years                   65,676
      Due after three years through five years                 70,911
      Due after five years through ten years                   32,173
      Due after ten years                                       6,596
                                                            ---------
                                                            $ 776,466
                                                            =========

The adjustable-rate loans have interest rate adjustment limitations and are
generally indexed to the Banks' internal cost of funds, the FHLB's National
Cost of Funds Index and 11th District Cost of Funds, One Year Constant
Maturity Treasury Index, or Prime Rate (The Wall Street Journal).  Future
market factors may affect the correlation of the interest rate adjustment with
the rates the Banks pay on the short-term deposits that primarily have been
utilized to fund these loans.

                                   85

<PAGE>



Note 8: ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES AND NON-PERFORMING LOANS
An analysis of the changes in the allowances for loan losses is as follows (in
thousands):
                                                           Nine
                                    Years Ended    Months Ended  Year Ended
                                    December 31     December 31    March 31
                                   --------------  ------------  ----------
                                    2000     1999          1999        1999
                                    ----     ----          ----        ----
                                         (Unaudited)

Balance, beginning of period       $13,541  $10,718    $12,261     $ 7,857
Allowances added through
 business combinations                  --    1,554        477       2,693
Sale of credit card portfolio         (174)      --         --          --
Provision                            2,867    2,516      1,885       2,841
Recoveries of loans previously
 charged off:
   One-to four-family real estate
    loans                                2        2         --          --
   Commercial/multifamily real
    estate                               2       --          1          60
   Commercial business                  40      458        450         143
   Agricultural business                 1        6          6           1
   Consumer finance                      3       16          8          15
   Credit cards                         63        5          3           6
                                   -------  -------    -------     -------
                                       111      487        468         225
Loans charged off:
   One-to four-family real estate
    loans                              (90)    (532)      (532)        (25)
   Commercial/multifamily real
    estate                             (31)     (29)        --         (35)
   Construction/land                   (12)     (33)       (24)        (69)
   Commercial business                (403)    (856)      (841)       (911)
   Agricultural business               (16)     (19)       (19)         (5)
   Consumer finance                    (85)     (85)        (8)       (126)
   Credit cards                       (394)    (180)      (126)       (184)
                                   -------  -------    -------     -------
                                    (1,031)  (1,734)    (1,550)     (1,355)
Net charge-offs                       (920)  (1,247)    (1,082)     (1,130)
                                   -------  -------    -------     -------
Balance, end of period             $15,314  $13,541    $13,541     $12,261
                                   =======  =======    =======     =======

                                   86

<PAGE>




The following is a schedule of the Company's allocation of the allowance for
loan losses (in thousands):

                                         December 31 December 31 March 31
                                            2000        1999       1999
                                            ----        ----       ----
Specific or allocated loss allowances:
Secured by real estate:
  One- to four-family real estate loans   $ 2,256     $ 2,334    $ 2,757
  Commercial/multifamily                    5,287       4,273      3,567
  Construction/land                         2,738       1,638      1,597
Commercial/agricultural business            3,710       2,830      2,522
Consumer, credit card and other               879       1,023        841
                                          -------     -------    -------
     Total allocated                       14,870      12,098     11,284

Unallocated                                   444       1,443        977
                                          -------     -------    -------
     Total allowance for loan losses      $15,314     $13,541    $12,261
                                          =======     =======    =======
Ratio of allowance for loan losses
 to non-performing loans                     1.83        2.67       1.60
Allowance for loan losses as a percent
 of net loans(loans receivable excluding
 allowance for losses)                       1.03%       1.02%      1.10%


The following is a schedule of the Company's non-performing loans (in
thousands):

                                         December 31 December 31 March 31
                                            2000        1999       1999
                                            ----        ----       ----
Nonaccrual Loans:
  One-to four-family real estate loans     $  873      $  623     $3,564
  Commercial/multifamily real estate        1,741         129        351
  Construction/land                         2,937       2,514        767
  Commercial business                       1,734       1,203      1,392
  Agricultural business                       529          --         47
  Consumer, credit card and other              18           9         17
                                           ------      ------     ------
                                            7,832       4,478      6,138
Loans more than 90 days delinquent,
 still on accrual:
  One-to four-family real estate loans         20         155         20
  Commercial/multifamily real estate           --          --        384
  Construction/land                            --          --         --
  Commercial business                           1          25         --
  Agricultural business                       467         334      1,052
  Consumer, credit card and other              54          79         82
                                           ------      ------     ------
                                              542         593      1,538
                                           ------      ------     ------
Total non-performing loans                 $8,374      $5,071     $7,676
                                           ======      ======     ======
Non-performing loans to net loans            0.56%       0.38%      0.69%

Loans are normally placed on nonaccrual status when interest is 90 days past
due; however, certain loans with third party guarantees from government-
sponsored enterprises or readily accessible cash collateral may remain on an
accrual basis beyond 90 days past due.

                                   87

<PAGE>



Note 9: PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Land, buildings and equipment owned by the Company and its subsidiaries at
December 31, 2000 and 1999 are summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                             December 31    December 31
                                                2000           1999
                                                ----           ----
  Buildings and leasehold improvements        $17,789        $16,524
  Furniture and equipment                      15,320         13,709
                                              -------        -------
                                               33,109         30,233
  Less accumulated depreciation                17,694         15,927
                                              -------        -------
                                               15,415         14,306
  Land                                          2,331          2,331
                                              -------        -------
                                              $17,746        $16,637
                                              =======        =======

Note 10: DEPOSITS

Deposits consist of the following at December 31, 2000 and 1999 (in
thousands):

                                               December 31   December 31
                                                  2000          1999
                                                  ----          ----
Demand, NOW and Money Market accounts,
 including non-interest-bearing deposits
 at December 31,  2000 and 1999 of $140,779
 and $114,252, respectively, 0% to 6%        $  349,636    $  342,592

Regular savings, 2% to 6%                        44,427        53,305

Certificate accounts:
  0.00% to 2%                                       257            --
  2.01% to 4%                                     2,015         2,339
  4.01% to 6%                                   217,799       576,597
  6.01% to 8%                                   425,456       102,625
  8.01% to 10%                                  153,075           688
  10.01% to 12%                                      50             6
                                             ----------    ----------
                                                798,652       682,255
                                             ----------    ----------
                                             $1,192,715    $1,078,152
                                             ==========    ==========

Deposits at December 31, 2000 and 1999 include public funds of $82,205,000 and
$72,943,000, respectively.  CD's and securities with a carrying value of
$14,092,000 and $13,711,000 were pledged as collateral on these deposits at
December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, which exceeds the minimum collateral
requirements established by state regulations.

                                   88

<PAGE>



Scheduled maturities of certificate accounts at December 31, 2000 and 1999 are
as follows (in thousands):

                                          December 31   December 31
                                             2000          1999
                                             ----          ----

Due in one year or less                   $614,873      $477,112
Due after one year through two years       121,329        99,422
Due after two years through three years     36,202        69,956
Due after three years through four years     8,050        14,533
Due after four years through five years      9,581        12,349
Due after five years                         8,617         8,883
                                          --------      --------
                                          $798,652      $682,255
                                          ========      ========

Included in deposits are deposit accounts in excess of $100,000 of
$314,889,000 and $248,129,000 at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Interest on deposit accounts in excess of $100,000 totaled $13,103,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2000, $8,786,000 for the nine months ended December
31, 1999 and $7,568,000 for the year ended March 31, 1999.

Deposit interest expense by type for the years ended December 31, 2000 and
1999, the nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the year ended March 31,
1999 was as follows (in thousands):

                                                 Nine Months  Year
                                    Year Ended   Ended Dec-  Ended
                                    December 31   ember 31    March 31
                                 --------------- ----------- ---------
                                   2000     1999     1999      1999
                                   ----     ----     ----      -----
                                         (Unaudited)

Certificates                     $44,892  $32,553  $25,105   $27,407
Demand, NOW and Money
 Market accounts                   6,782    6,497    5,034     5,256
Regular savings                    1,446    1,751    1,336     1,356
                                 -------  -------  -------   -------
                                 $53,120  $40,801  $31,475   $34,019
                                 =======  =======  =======   =======

Note 11: ADVANCES FROM FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF SEATTLE

The Banks have entered into borrowing arrangements with the FHLB to borrow
funds under a short-term cash management advance program and long-term loan
agreements.  All borrowings are secured by stock of, and cash held by, the
FHLB. Additionally, mortgage loans receivable and securities issued, insured,
or guaranteed by the U.S. Government or agencies thereof are pledged as
security for the loans.  At December 31, 2000, FHLB advances were scheduled to
mature as follows (in thousands):

                          Adjustable-rate    Fixed-rate       Total
                            advances          advances       advances
                          -------------    --------------  --------------
                          Rate*  Amount    Rate*   Amount  Rate*   Amount
                          -----  ------    -----   ------  --------------

Due in one year or less   6.61%  $8,000    6.20% $192,280   6.22% $200,280
Due after one year through
 two years                  --       --    6.26   153,470   6.26   153,470
Due after two years through
 three years                --       --    6.21    82,920   6.21    82,920
Due after three years
 through four years         --       --    6.58    10,000   6.58    10,000
Due after four years
 through five years         --       --    6.98    29,500   6.98    29,500
Due after five years        --       --    6.06    30,928   6.06    30,928
                                 ------          --------         --------
                          6.61%  $8,000    6.27% $499,098   6.27% $507,098
                                 ======          ========         ========
* Weighted average interest rate

                                   89

<PAGE>



The maximum and average outstanding balances and average interest rates on
advances from the FHLB were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2000
and 1999, the nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the year ended March 31,
1999 (in thousands):
                                                      Nine
                                                      Months      Year
                                     Years Ended      Ended Dec-  Ended
                                     December 31      ember 31   March 31
                                  ------------------  ---------  --------
                                    2000      1999      1999       1999
                                    ----      ----      ----       ----
                                          (Unaudited)
Maximum outstanding at any
 month end                        $545,198  $466,524  $466,524   $410,304
Average outstanding                509,665   420,647   425,293    363,279
Weighted average interest rates:
   Annual                             6.19%     5.77%     5.78%      5.90%
   End of period                      6.27      5.86      5.86       5.74
Interest expense during
 the period                       $ 31,568  $ 24,284  $ 18,505   $ 21,430

Note 12: OTHER BORROWINGS

Retail Repurchase Agreements and Other Short-Term Borrowings are included in
other borrowings.  At December 31, 2000, retail repurchase agreements carry
interest rates ranging from 3.54% to 7.20%, payable at maturity, and are
secured by the pledge of certain FNMA, GNMA and FHLMC mortgage-backed
securities with a carrying value of $12,229,000 as of December 31, 2000.

A summary of retail repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings at
December 31, 2000 and 1999 by the period remaining to maturity is as follows
(in thousands):

                                        December 31, 2000  December 31, 1999
                                        -----------------  -----------------
                                         Weighted           Weighted
                                         average            average
                                          rate    Balance    rate    Balance
                                          ----    -------    ----    -------
Retail repurchase agreements:
  Due in one year or less                 6.24%  $ 6,449     5.29%  $ 7,356
  Due after one year through two years    6.82       251       --        --
  Due after two years through three
   years                                  7.19       973       --        --
  Due after three years through four
   years                                  6.45     2,046     7.18     1,101
  Due after five years                    5.75     1,429       --        --
                                                 -------            -------
                                          6.31%   11,148     5.53%    8,457
                                                 -------            -------
Other short-term borrowings:
   Due in one year or less                 --         --     4.67%    6,500
                                                 -------            -------
     Total retail repurchase
      agreements and other short-
      term borrowings                            $11,148            $14,957
                                                 =======            =======

The maximum and average outstanding balances and average interest rates on
retail repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings were as follows
for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, nine months ended December 31,
1999 and the year ended March 31, 1999, respectively (in thousands):

                                                      Nine
                                                      Months      Year
                                     Years Ended      Ended Dec-  Ended
                                     December 31      ember 31   March 31
                                  ------------------  ---------  --------
                                    2000      1999      1999       1999
                                    ----      ----      ----       ----
                                           (Unaudited)

Maximum outstanding at any
 month end                       $ 12,806   $ 14,957  $  9,917   $ 17,300
Average outstanding                10,217      7,928     8,698     10,404
Weighted average interest rates:
  Annual                             6.67%      5.60%     5.49%      5.61%
  End of period                      6.31       5.53      5.53       5.59
Interest expense during
 the period                      $    681   $    444  $    360   $    584


                                   90

<PAGE>



Wholesale Repurchase Agreements:   The table below outlines the wholesale
repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2000 and 1999.  The agreements to
repurchase are secured by mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of
$66,405,000 at December 31, 2000.  The broker holds the security while BB
continues to receive the principal and interest payments from the security.
Upon maturity of the agreement the pledged securities will be returned to BB.

A summary of wholesale repurchase agreements at December 31, 2000 and 1999 by
the period remaining to maturity is as follows (in thousands):

                            December 31, 2000        December 31, 1999
                          ---------------------   ----------------------
                          Weighted                Weighted
                           average                 average
                              rate     Balance        rate     Balance
                              ----     -------        ----     --------

Due in one year or less      6.64%    $  63,390      6.02%     $  66,698

The maximum and average outstanding balances and average interest rates on
wholesale repurchase agreements were as follows for the year ended December
31, 2000 and 1999, nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the year ended
March 31, 1999 (in thousands):

                                                         Nine
                                                        Months      Year
                                     Years Ended        Ended Dec-  Ended
                                     December 31        ember 31   March 31
                                  ------------------    ---------  --------
                                    2000      1999        1999       1999
                                    ----      ----        ----       ----
                                           (Unaudited)

Maximum outstanding at any
  month end                       $ 65,810   $ 74,444   $ 71,099   $ 85,430
Average outstanding                 65,043     70,364     68,982     72,276
Weighted average interest rates:
  Annual                              6.50%      5.44%      5.50%      5.78%
  End of period                       6.64       6.02       6.02       5.65
Interest expense during the
 period                           $  4,225   $  3,831   $  4,409   $  4,180


                                   91

<PAGE>



Note 13: INCOME TAXES

Provisions of the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996 (the "Job
Protection Act") significantly altered the Company's tax bad debt deduction
method and the circumstances that would require a tax bad debt reserve
recapture.  Prior to enactment of the Job Protection Act, savings institutions
were permitted to compute their tax bad debt deduction through use of either
the reserve method or the percentage of taxable income method.  The Job
Protection Act repealed both of these methods for large savings institutions
and allows bad debt deductions based only on actual current losses.  While
repealing the reserve method for computing tax bad debt deductions, the Job
Protection Act allows thrifts to retain their existing base year bad debt
reserves but requires that reserves in excess of the balance at December 31,
1987, be recaptured into taxable income.  The tax liability for this recapture
is included in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.

The base year reserve is recaptured into taxable income only in limited
situations, such as in the event of certain excess distributions, complete
liquidation or disqualification as a bank.  None of the limited circumstances
requiring recapture are contemplated by the Company.  The amount of the
Company's tax bad debt reserves subject to recapture in these circumstances
approximates $5,318,000 at December 31, 2000.  Due to the remote nature of
events that may trigger the recapture provisions, no tax liability has been
established in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.

In addition, as a result of certain acquisitions, the company is required to
recapture certain tax bad debt reserves of the acquiree.  The Company has
elected to recapture these reserves into income over a four-year period using
the deferral method.  The recapture does not result in a charge to earnings as
the Company provided for this liability on the acquisition date.

The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2000, the
nine-month period ended December 31, 1999 and the fiscal year ended March 31,
1999 differs from that computed at the statutory corporate tax rate as follows
(in thousands):
                                                      Nine
                                   Year Ended     Months Ended    Year Ended
                                   December 31    December 31      March 31
                                      2000            1999           1999
                                      ----            ----           ----

Taxes at statutory rate             $ 10,005        $  7,329       $  8,651
Increase (decrease) in taxes:
  Tax-exempt interest                   (571)           (463)          (597)
  Amortization of costs in
   excess of net assets acquired       1,096             817            822
  Investment in life insurance          (115)            (48)           (73)
  Difference in fair market value
   versus basis of released ESOP
   shares                                (10)             32             34
  State income taxes net of
   federal tax benefit                   281             229            279
  Other                                 (448)            174            161
                                    --------        --------       --------
                                    $ 10,238        $  8,070       $  9,277
                                    ========        ========       ========

                                   92

<PAGE>


The provision for income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2000, the
nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999
is composed of the following (in thousands):

                                                      Nine
                                   Year Ended     Months Ended    Year Ended
                                   December 31    December 31      March 31
                                      2000            1999           1999
                                      ----            ----           ----

Current                             $  9,560      $  8,346         $  9,696
Deferred                                 678          (276)            (296)
Change in valuation allowance             --            --             (123)
                                    --------      --------         --------
                                    $ 10,238      $  8,070         $  9,277
                                    ========      ========         ========

Income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the tax basis
and financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities.
Components of the Company's net deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December
31, 2000 and 1999 consisted of the following (in thousands):

                                            December 31        December 31
                                               2000               1999
                                               ----               ----

Deferred tax assets:
  Loan loss reserves per books              $  5,461           $  4,835
  Deferred compensation and vacation           1,869              1,740
  Other                                          121                119
                                            --------           --------
                                               7,451              6,694
                                            --------           --------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Change in method of accounting for
   amortization of premium and discount
   on investments                                 59                 84
  Tax basis bad debt reserves to be
   recovered                                     439                659
  FHLB stock dividends                         3,256              2,418
  Depreciation                                   984                762
  Deferred loan fees and servicing rights        827                336
  Other                                          152                 23
                                            --------           --------
                                               5,717              4,282
                                            --------           --------
                                               1,734              2,412

Valuation allowance                              (13)               (13)
                                            --------           --------
Income benefit related to unrealized
 gain/loss on securities available
 for sale                                      1,721              2,399
                                                 616              2,939
                                            --------           --------
Deferred tax asset (liability), net         $  2,337           $  5,338
                                            ========           ========

                                   93

<PAGE>


Note 14: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The Banks have their own profit sharing plans for all eligible employees.  The
plans are funded annually at the discretion of the individual Banks' Boards of
Directors.  There were no contributions charged to operations for the year
ended December 31, 2000 and the nine months ended December 31, 1999.  For the
year ended March 31, 1999, $5,500 was expensed.

BB has entered into a salary continuation agreement with certain of its senior
management.  This program was funded by purchasing single premium life
insurance contracts.  The program provides for aggregate continued annual
compensation for all participants totaling $240,000 for life with a 15-year
guarantee.  Participants vest ratably each plan year until retirement,
termination, death or disability.  BB is recording the salary obligation over
the estimated remaining service lives of the participants.  Expenses related
to this program for the year and nine months ended December 31, 2000 and 1999
were $241,300 and $162,300, respectively, and $139,000 for the year ended
March 31, 1999.  The plan's projected benefit obligation is $2,117,000, of
which $1,039,500 was vested at December 31, 2000. The assumed discount rate
was 7.00% for the year and nine months ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, and 8.00% for the year ended March 31, 1999.  At December 31,
2000, an obligation of $1,039,500 and cash value of life insurance of
$2,441,800 were recorded.  At December 31, 1999, an obligation of $805,800 and
cash value of life insurance of $2,331,800 were recorded. Increases in cash
surrender value and related net earnings from the life insurance contracts
partially offset the expenses of this program resulting in a net cost of
$131,200 and $82,700 for the year and nine months ended December 31, 2000 and
1999, respectively, and $31,000 for the year ended March 31, 1999.

BBO also has a non-qualified, non-contributory retirement compensation plan
for certain bank employees whose benefits are based upon a percentage of
defined participant compensation.  Expenses related to this plan included in
the year and nine months ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, and fiscal year
ended March 31, 1999 operations were $84,000, $79,000 and $54,000,
respectively.

The Company and its subsidiaries also offer non-qualified deferred
compensation plans to members of their Boards of Directors and certain bank
employees.  The plans permit each participant to defer a portion of director
fees, non-qualified retirement contributions, salary or bonuses until the
future.  Compensation is charged to expense in the period earned.  In order to
fund the plans' future obligations the Company has purchased life insurance
polices, contributed to money market investments and purchased common stock of
the Company which are held in a "Rabbi Trust."  The obligation relating to the
purchased shares was reclassified from liabilities to stockholders' equity.
As the Company is the owner of the investments and beneficiary of life
insurance contracts, and in order to reflect the Company's policy to pay
benefits equal to accumulations, the assets and liabilities under the plans
are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets of the Company.  Common stock
of the Company held for such plans is reported as a contra-equity account and
was recorded at original cost of $2,552,000 at December 31, 2000 and
$2,333,000 at December 31, 1999. The money market investments and cash
surrender value of the life insurance policies are included in other assets.

Note 15: EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST

The Company established for eligible employees an ESOP and related trust that
became effective upon the former mutual holding company's conversion to a
stock-based holding company.  Eligible employees of BB as of January 1, 1995
and eligible employees of the Company employed after such date who have been
credited with at least 1,000 hours during a 12-month period will become
participants.

The ESOP borrowed $8,728,500 from the Company in order to purchase the common
stock.  The loan will be repaid principally from the Company's contributions
to the ESOP over a period not to exceed 25 years, and the collateral for the
loan will be the unreleased, restricted common stock purchased by the ESOP.
Contributions to the ESOP will be discretionary; however, the Company intends
to make annual contributions to the ESOP in an aggregate amount at least equal
to the principal and interest requirements of the debt.  The interest rate for
the loan is 8.75%.

                                   94

<PAGE>



Participants generally become 100% vested in their ESOP account after seven
years of credited service or if their service was terminated due to death,
early retirement, permanent disability or a change in control.  Prior to the
completion of one year of credited service, a participant who terminates
employment for reasons other than death, retirement, disability, or change in
control of the Company will not receive any benefit.  Forfeitures will be
reallocated among remaining participating employees in the same proportion as
contributions.  Benefits are payable upon death, retirement, early retirement,
disability or separation from service.  The contributions to the ESOP are not
fixed, so benefits payable under the ESOP cannot be estimated. ESOP
compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2000, nine months ended
December 31, 1999 and the year ended March 31, 1999 was $1,510,000, $974,000
and $924,000, respectively.

As of December 31, 2000, the Company has 633,278 unearned, restricted shares
remaining to be released to the ESOP.  The fair value of unearned, restricted
shares held by the ESOP trust was $9,657,000 at December 31, 2000.

Note 16:  STOCK BASED COMPENSATION PLANS AND STOCK OPTIONS

The Company operates the following stock based compensation plans as approved
by the shareholders:   the 1996 Management Recognition and Development Plan
(MRP), the 1996 Stock Option Plan and the 1998 Stock Option Plan (together,
SOPs).

Under the MRP, the Company is authorized to grant up to 528,075 shares of
restricted stock to directors, officers and employees of BANR (formerly FWWB).
The initial grant of 489,181 shares with a total cost of $6.0 million vests
over a five-year period starting from the July 26, 1996, MRP approval date.
The consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2000,
nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the year ended March 31, 1999 reflect
an accrual of $1,137,000, $1,045,000 and $1,307,000, respectively, in
compensation expense for the MRP including $84,500, $71,000 and $113,900,
respectively, of expense for dividends on the allocated, restricted stock.  A
summary of the changes in the granted, but not vested, MRP shares for the year
ended December 31, 2000, nine months ended December 31, 1999 and the year
ended March 31, 1999 follows:

                                                      Nine
                                   Year Ended     Months Ended    Year Ended
                                   December 31    December 31      March 31
                                      2000*          1999*          1999*
                                      -----          -----          -----

Shares granted-not vested,
 beginning of period                 183,527       287,753         387,451
  Shares granted                       4,476         3,025              --
  Shares vested                      (90,330)     (106,779)        (97,084)
  Shares forfeited                   (11,349)         (472)         (2,614)
                                    --------      --------         -------

Shares granted not vested,
 end of period                        86,324       183,527         287,753
                                    ========      ========         =======

*  Adjusted for stock dividend: see Note 2

Under the 1996 and 1998 SOPs, the Company has reserved 1,804,186 shares
(adjusted for 10% stock dividend) for issuance pursuant to the exercise of
stock options which may be granted to directors and employees.  The exercise
price of the stock options is set at 100% of the fair market value of the
stock price at date of grant. Such options will vest ratably over a five-year
period and any unexercised options will expire ten years after vesting or 90
days after employment or service ends.
                                   95
<PAGE>



<TABLE>
Note 16:  STOCK BASED COMPENSATION PLANS AND STOCK OPTIONS (continued)

Details of stock options granted, vested, exercised, forfeited or terminated are as follows:

                                          Weighted      Weighted
                                          average       average           Number of option shares
                                        fair value at   exercise    -----------------------------------
                                        date of grant    price        Total      Granted    Exercisable
                                        -------------   --------    ---------    -------    -----------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>
For the year ended March 31, 1999: *
  Beginning balance                                                  1,117,723    899,206      218,517
  Options granted                           $  8.98     $  21.72       304,823    304,823           --
  Options assumed in aisition                 14.22         5.69       179,091         --      179,091
  Options vested                                                            --   (224,805)     224,805
  Options forfeited                                        12.29        (3,099)    (3,099)          --
  Options exercised                                         6.97       (28,441)        --      (28,441)
  Options terminated                                                        --         --           --
                                                                   -----------   --------   ----------
Number of option shares at March 31, 1999               $  13.68     1,570,097    976,125      593,972
                                                                   -----------   --------   ----------

For the nine months ended December 31, 1999: *
  Options granted                           $  5.30     $  14.21       211,463    211,463           --
  Options vested                                                            --   (288,389)     288,389
  Options forfeited                                        17.24       (18,125)   (18,125)          --
  Options exercised                                         8.42        (9,631)        --       (9,631)
  Options terminated                                                        --         --           --
                                                                   -----------   --------   ----------
Number of option shares at December 31, 1999            $  13.75     1,753,804    881,074      872,730
                                                                   -----------   --------   ----------

For the year ended December 31, 2000: *
  Options granted                           $  4.37     $  13.47       224,525    224,525            --
  Options vested                                                            --   (312,039)      312,039
  Options forfeited                                        14.64       (54,902)   (31,668)     (23,234)
  Options exercised                                         8.42       (66,391)        --      (66,391)
  Options terminated                                                        --         --            --
                                                                    ----------   --------------------------
Number of option shares at December 31, 2000            $  13.88     1,857,036    761,892     1,095,144
                                                                   -----------   -------------------------
*   Adjusted for stock dividends:  see Note 2

</TABLE>
                                                           96
<PAGE>



<TABLE>

Note 16:  STOCK BASED COMPENSATION PLANS AND STOCK OPTIONS (continued)

Financial data pertaining to outstanding stock options granted at December 31, 2000 were as follows: *

                  Weighted average                       Number of    Weighted average    Weighted average
                    exercise price       Number of   option shares     exercise price        remaining
       Exercise   of option shares   option shares      vested and    of option shares      contractual
        price         granted            granted       exercisable       exercisable           life
       ------         -------            -------       -----------       -----------         --------
  <S>                <C>              <C>              <C>                <C>                 <C>
  $        1.18      $   1.18              6,059             6,059        $   1.18            8.0 yrs
   3.82 to 3.89          3.86              8,615             8,615            3.86            7.3 yrs
   4.26 to 5.58          4.90             63,386            63,386            4.90            7.3 yrs
   6.44 to 7.56          6.92                253               253            7.56            8.0 yrs
           8.03          8.03              2,532             2,532            8.03            8.0 yrs
          10.51         10.51             32,482            32,482           10.51            8.0 yrs
 12.19 to 13.95         12.66          1,357,311           852,822           12.45            5.7 yrs
 14.09 to 15.29         14.70             52,250             7,260           15.29            6.0 yrs
 16.31 to 17.95         16.96             24,750             3,850           17.14            8.6 yrs
 20.09 to 21.44         21.32            171,820            71,874           21.27            7.2 yrs
          22.05         22.05            137,578            46,011           22.05            8.0 yrs
                                       ---------         ---------
                                       1,857,036         1,095,144
                                       ---------         ---------
</TABLE>






SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-based Compensation, requires expanded
disclosures of stock-based compensation arrangements with employees and
encourages (but does not require) application of the fair value recognition
provisions in the statement.  Companies may continue following those rules to
recognize and measure compensation as outlined in Accounting Principles Board
(APB) Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, but they are
now required to disclose the pro forma amounts of net income and earnings per
share that would have been reported had the company elected to follow the fair
value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123.  The Company continues to
measure its employee stock-based compensation arrangements under the
provisions of APB Opinion No. 25. Accordingly, no compensation cost has been
recognized for its stock option plans. If the compensation cost for the
Company's compensation plans had been determined consistent with SFAS No. 123,
the Company's net income available to diluted common stock and diluted
earnings per share would have been reduced to the pro forma amounts indicated
below:

                                                      Nine
                              Year Ended      Months Ended        Year Ended
                             December 31       December 31          March 31
                                    2000              1999              1999
                             -----------       -----------        ----------
                             (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
Net income attributable to
 common stock:
  Basic:
   As reported                 $   18,348        $   12,869        $   15,440
   Pro forma                       17,168            11,891            14,113
  Diluted:
   As reported                 $   18,348        $   12,869        $   15,440
   Pro forma                       17,168            11,891            14,113
Net income per common share: *
  Basic:
   As reported                 $     1.62        $     1.12         $    1.33
   Pro forma                         1.52              1.04              1.22
  Diluted:
   As reported                 $     1.60        $     1.09         $    1.27
   Pro forma                         1.49              1.00              1.16

The compensation expense included in the pro forma net income attributable to
diluted common stock and diluted earnings per share is not likely to be
representative of the effect on reported net income for future years because
options vest over several years and additional awards generally are made each
year.

*  Adjusted for stock dividends:  see Note 2

                                   97

<PAGE>



The fair value of options granted under the Company's stock option plans is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes options-pricing model
with the following weighted average assumptions used for grants:

                                                      Nine
                              Year Ended      Months Ended        Year Ended
                             December 31       December 31          March 31
                                    2000              1999              1999
                              ----------      ------------        -----------

Annual dividend yield              4.25%             2.75%      1.20 to 1.75%
Expected volatility        28.2 to 41.1%     30.8 to 38.5%      23.9 to 35.7%
Risk free interest rate    6.18 to 6.95%     5.51 to 6.57%      4.96 to 6.79%
Expected lives                5 to 9 yrs   8.5 to 12.5 yrs    8.5 to 12.5 yrs

Note 17: REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

The Company is a bank holding company registered with the Federal Reserve.
Bank holding companies are subject to capital adequacy requirements of the
Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHCA),
and the regulations of the Federal Reserve.  Each of the Banks as
state-chartered federally insured institutions is subject to the capital
requirements established by the FDIC.

The capital adequacy requirements are quantitative measures established by
regulation that require the Company, BB, and BBO to maintain minimum amounts
and ratios of capital.  The Federal Reserve requires the Company to maintain
capital adequacy that generally parallels the FDIC requirements.  The FDIC
requires the Banks to maintain minimum ratios of total capital and Tier 1
capital to risk-weighted assets as well as Tier 1 leverage capital to average
assets.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA)
created a statutory framework that increased the importance of meeting
applicable capital requirements.  For BB and BBO, FDICIA established five
capital categories:  well-capitalized, adequately capitalized,
undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically
undercapitalized.  An institution's category depends upon where its capital
levels are in relation to relevant capital measures, which include a risk-
based capital measure, a leverage ratio capital measure, and certain other
factors.  The federal banking agencies (including the FDIC) have adopted
regulations that implement this statutory framework.  Under these regulations,
an institution is treated as well-capitalized if its ratio of total capital to
risk-weighted assets is 10.00% or more, its ratio of core capital to
risk-weighted assets is 6.00% or more, its ratio of core capital to adjusted
total assets is 5.00% or more and it is not subject to any federal supervisory
order or directive to meet a specific capital level.  In order to be
adequately capitalized, an institution must have a total risk-based capital
ratio of not less than 8.00%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of not less
than 4.00%, and leverage ratio of not less than 4.00%.  Any institution which
is neither well-capitalized nor adequately capitalized will be considered
undercapitalized.

Undercapitalized institutions are subject to certain prompt corrective action
requirements, regulatory controls and restrictions which become more extensive
as an institution becomes more severely undercapitalized.  Failure by the
Banks, individually, to comply with applicable capital requirements would, if
unremedied, result in restrictions on their activities and lead to enforcement
actions against BB and BBO by the FDIC, including, but not limited to, the
issuance of a capital directive to ensure the maintenance of required capital
levels.  FDICIA requires the federal banking regulators to take prompt
corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet
minimum capital requirements.  Additionally, FDIC approval of any regulatory
application filed for its review may be dependent on compliance with capital
requirements.

Federal law requires that the federal banking agencies' risk-based capital
guidelines take into account various factors including interest rate risk,
concentration of credit risk, risks associated with nontraditional activities,
and the actual performance and expected risk of loss of multifamily mortgages.
In 1994, the federal banking agencies jointly revised their capital standards
to specify that concentration of credit and nontraditional activities are
among the factors that the agencies will consider in evaluating capital
adequacy.  In that year, the FDIC amended its risk-based capital standards
with respect to the risk weighting of loans made to finance the purchase or
construction of multifamily residences.  Management believes that the effect
of including such an interest rate risk component in the calculation of
risk-adjusted capital will not cause the Company and the Banks to cease to be
well-capitalized.  In June 1996, the FDIC and certain other federal banking
agencies issued a joint policy statement providing guidance on prudent
interest rate risk management principles.  The agencies stated that they would
determine banks' interest rate risk on a case-by-case basis, and would not
adopt a standardized measure or establish an explicit minimum capital charge
for interest rate risk.

                                   98

<PAGE>



Note 17: REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS (continued)

The Company may not declare or pay cash dividends on, or repurchase, any of
its shares of common stock if the effect thereof would cause equity to be
reduced below applicable regulatory capital maintenance requirements or if
such declaration and payment would otherwise violate regulatory requirements.

                                                               Minimum to be
                                                                 categorized
                                                                 as "well-
                                                                 capitalized"
                                              Minimum           under prompt
                                             for capital         corrective
                            Actual            adequacy             action
                                              purposes           provisions
                        ---------------    ---------------     --------------
                        Amount    Ratio    Amount    Ratio     Amount   Ratio
                        ------    -----    ------    -----     ------   -----
                                       (dollars in thousands)
December 31, 2000:
The Company -
consolidated
 Total capital to
  risk-weighted assets $ 176,623  12.29%  $ 114,963  8.00%        N/A    N/A
 Tier 1 capital to
  risk-weighted assets   160,130  11.14      57,481  4.00         N/A    N/A
 Tier 1 leverage capital
  to average assets      160,130   8.25      77,599  4.00         N/A    N/A

BB
 Total capital to
  risk-weighted assets   150,882  12.20      98,975  8.00   $ 123,718  10.00%
 Tier 1 capital to
  risk-weighted assets   136,273  11.01      49,487  4.00      74,231   6.00
 Tier 1 leverage capital
  to average assets      136,273   7.92      68,787  4.00      85,983   5.00

BBO
 Total capital to
  risk-weighted assets    20,702  10.79      15,354  8.00      19,193  10.00
 Tier 1 capital to
  risk-weighted assets    18,833   9.81       7,677  4.00      11,516   6.00
 Tier 1 leverage capital
  to average assets       18,833   8.54       8,818  4.00      11,023   5.00


                                   99

<PAGE>



Note 17: REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS (continued)

                                                               Minimum to be
                                                                 categorized
                                                                 as "well-
                                                                 capitalized"
                                              Minimum           under prompt
                                             for capital         corrective
                            Actual            adequacy             action
                                              purposes           provisions
                        ---------------    ---------------     --------------
                        Amount    Ratio    Amount    Ratio     Amount   Ratio
                        ------    -----    ------    -----     ------   -----
                                        (dollars in thousands)
December 31, 1999:
The Company -
consolidated
 Total capital to
  risk-weighted assets $ 160,152  12.79%  $ 100,163  8.00%        N/A    N/A
 Tier 1 capital to
  risk-weighted assets   146,612  11.71      50,082  4.00         N/A    N/A
 Tier 1 leverage capital
  to average assets      146,612   8.39      69,886  4.00         N/A    N/A

FSBW (now BB)
 Total capital to
  risk-weighted assets   107,294  13.27      64,704  8.00    $ 80,879  10.00%
 Tier 1 capital to
  risk-weighted assets    98,465  12.17      32,352  4.00      48,528   6.00
 Tier 1 leverage capital
  to average assets       98,465   7.74      50,907  4.00      63,633   5.00

IEB (now BBO)
 Total capital to
  risk-weighted assets    22,237  13.16      13,516  8.00      16,895  10.00
 Tier 1 capital to
  risk-weighted assets    20,485  12.13       6,758  4.00      10,137   6.00
 Tier 1 leverage capital
  to average assets       20,485   9.96       8,228  4.00      10,285   5.00

TB (now merged into BB)
 Total capital to
  risk-weighted assets    27,034   9.86      21,941  8.00      27,426  10.00
 Tier 1 capital to
  risk-weighted assets    24,075   8.78      10,970  4.00      16,456   6.00
 Tier 1 leverage capital
  to average assets       24,075   8.91      10,812  4.00      13,515   5.00

Company management believes that as of December 31, 2000, the Company, BB and
BBO individually met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were
subject.  There have been no conditions or events since the end of the period
that management believes have changed any Bank's individual category. The most
recent exam notifications from the FDIC or state banking regulators as of
December 31, 2000, individually categorized the Banks as "well-capitalized"
under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action.  To be
categorized as "well-capitalized," a bank must maintain minimum total
risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the
table above.

                                   100

<PAGE>



Note 18: CONTINGENCIES

In the normal course of business, the Company and/or its subsidiaries have
various legal claims and other contingent matters outstanding.  The Company
believes that any liability ultimately arising from these actions would not
have a material adverse effect on the results of operations or consolidated
financial position at December 31, 2000.

Note 19: INTEREST RATE RISK

The financial condition and operation of the Company are influenced
significantly by general economic conditions, including the absolute level of
interest rates as well as changes in interest rates and the slope of the yield
curve.  The Company's profitability is dependent to a large extent on its net
interest income, which is the difference between the interest received from
its interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred on its
interest-bearing liabilities.

The activities of the Company, like all financial institutions, inherently
involve the assumption of interest rate risk.  Interest rate risk is the risk
that changes in market interest rates will have an adverse impact on the
institution's earnings and underlying economic value.  Interest rate risk is
determined by the maturity and repricing characteristics of an institution's
assets, liabilities, and off-balance-sheet contracts.  Interest rate risk is
measured by the variability of financial performance and economic value
resulting from changes in interest rates.  Interest rate risk is the primary
market risk impacting the Company's financial performance.

The greatest source of interest rate risk to the Company results from the
mismatch of maturities or repricing intervals for rate-sensitive assets,
liabilities and off-balance-sheet contracts.  This mismatch or gap is
generally characterized by a substantially shorter maturity structure for
interest-bearing liabilities than interest-earning assets.  Additional
interest rate risk results from mismatched repricing indices and formulae
(basis risk and yield curve risk), product caps and floors, and early
repayment or withdrawal provisions (option risk), which may be contractual or
market driven, that are generally more favorable to customers than to the
Company.

The Company's primary monitoring tool for assessing interest rate risk is
"asset/liability simulation modeling," which is designed to capture the
dynamics of balance sheet, interest rate and spread movements, and to quantify
variations in net interest income and net market value resulting from those
movements under different rate environments.  Another monitoring tool used by
the Company to assess interest rate risk is "gap analysis."  The matching of
repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by
examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are "interest
sensitive" and by monitoring the Company's interest sensitivity "gap."
Management is aware of the sources of interest rate risk and in its opinion
actively monitors and manages it to the extent possible, and considers that
the Company's current level of interest rate risk is reasonable.

Note 20: GOODWILL

Costs in excess of net assets acquired (goodwill) consisted of the following
(in thousands):

                                           December 31       December 31
                                                  2000              1999
                                           -----------       -----------

  Acquisitions net of accumulated
   amortization of $9,414,000 and
   $6,244,000, respectively                $   34,617        $   37,733
                                           ==========        ==========

                                   101
<PAGE>




Note 21: FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The following disclosure of the estimated fair value of financial instruments
is made in accordance with the requirements of SFAS No. 107, Disclosures About
Fair Value of Financial Instruments..  The estimated fair value amounts have
been determined by the Company using available market information and
appropriate valuation methodologies.  However, considerable judgment is
necessary to interpret market data in the development of the estimates of fair
value.  Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market
exchange.  The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation
methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.
The estimated fair value of financial instruments is as follows (in
thousands):




<TABLE>
                                                December 31, 2000                     December 31,1999
                                          ----------------------------          ----------------------------
                                            Carrying        Estimated             Carrying         Estimated
                                               value       fair value                value        fair value
                                          ----------       -----------          ----------        ----------
<S>                                        <C>             <C>                  <C>               <C>
Assets:
  Cash                                    $   67,356       $   67,356           $   44,769        $   44,769
  Securities available for sale              308,798          308,798              348,347           348,347
  Securities held to maturity                 17,717           18,269               13,770            13,716
  Loans receivable held for sale               7,934            8,011                9,519             9,519
  Loans receivable                         1,463,835        1,455,901            1,298,645         1,274,360
  FHLB stock                                  28,807           28,807               24,543            24,543
  Mortgage servicing rights                    1,728            1,860                1,584             1,776

Liabilities:
  Demand, NOW and Money Market accounts      349,636          349,636              342,952           342,952
  Regular savings                             44,427           44,427               53,305            53,305
  Certificates of deposit                    798,652          802,231              682,255           679,706
  FHLB advances                              507,098          510,708              466,524           455,868
  Other borrowings                            74,538           74,667               81,655            81,636

Off-balance-sheet financial instruments:
  Commitments to sell loans               $       --       $       --           $       --        $       --
  Commitments to originate loans                  --               --                   --                --
  Commitments to purchase securities              --               --                   --                --
  Commitments to sell securities                  --               --                   --                --

</TABLE>

                                   102

<PAGE>




Fair value estimates, methods, and assumptions are set forth below for the
Company's financial and off-balance-sheet instruments:

Cash: The carrying amount of these items is a reasonable estimate of their
fair value.

Securities: The estimated fair values of investment securities and
mortgaged-backed securities available for sale and held to maturity are based
on quoted market prices or dealer quotes.

Loans Receivable: Fair values are estimated for portfolios of loans with
similar financial characteristics.  Loans are segregated by type such as
multifamily real estate, residential mortgage, nonresidential,
commercial/agricultural, consumer and other.  Each loan category is further
segmented into fixed- and adjustable-rate interest terms and by performing and
non-performing categories.

The fair value of performing residential mortgages held for sale is estimated
based upon secondary market sources by type of loan and terms such as fixed or
variable interest rates.  For performing loans held in portfolio, the fair
value is based on discounted cash flows using as a discount rate the current
rate offered on similar products.

Fair value for significant non-performing loans is based on recent appraisals
or estimated cash flows discounted using rates commensurate with risk
associated with the estimated cash flows.  Assumptions regarding credit risk,
cash flows, and discount rates are judgmentally determined using available
market information and specific borrower information.

FHLB Stock: The fair value is based upon the redemption value of the stock
which equates to its carrying value.

Deposit Liabilities: The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such
as savings, checking and NOW accounts, is equal to the amount payable on
demand.   The market value of certificates of deposit is based upon the
discounted value of contractual cash flows.  The discount rate is determined
using the rates currently offered on comparable instruments.

FHLB Advances and Other Borrowings: The fair value of FHLB advances and other
borrowings is estimated based on discounting the estimated future cash flows
using rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar remaining
maturities.

Commitments: Commitments to sell loans with a notional balance of $7,940,000
and $2,647,000 at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, have a carrying
value of zero, representing the cost of such commitments.  Commitments to
originate loans, $262,418,000 and $166,921,000 at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, also have a carrying value of zero.  There were no commitments
to purchase or sell securities at December 31, 2000.   The fair value of such
commitments is also estimated to be zero based upon current market rates for
similar loans and any fees received to enter into similar agreements.

Limitations: The fair value estimates presented herein are based on pertinent
information available to management as of December 31, 2000.  Although
management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the
estimated fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively
revalued for purposes of these financial statements since that date and,
therefore, current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the
amounts presented herein.

Fair value estimates are based on existing on- and off-balance-sheet financial
instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future
business.  The fair value has not been estimated for assets and liabilities
that are not considered financial instruments.  Significant assets and
liabilities that are not financial instruments include the deferred tax
assets/liabilities; land, buildings and equipment; costs in excess of net
assets acquired; and real estate held for sale.

                                   103


<PAGE>



Note 22: BANNER CORPORATION (BANR)
         (PARENT COMPANY ONLY)

Summary financial information is as follows (in thousands):


BANR
Balance Sheets
December 31, 2000 and 1999
                                              December 31        December 31
                                                     2000               1999
                                                     ----               ----

 ASSETS
  Cash                                        $     2,544        $     2,446
  Investment in subsidiaries                      188,771            175,586
  Deferred tax asset                                  405                405
  Other assets                                      3,034              2,556
                                              -----------        -----------
                                              $   194,754        $   180,993
                                              ===========        ===========
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities                                   $       959        $     1,820
  Stockholders' equity                            193,795            179,173
                                              -----------        -----------
                                              $   194,754        $   180,993
                                              ===========        ===========

BANR
Statements of Income
For the year ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, the nine months ended December
31, 1999 and the year ended March 31, 1999

                                                 Nine
                            Years Ended      Months Ended   Year Ended
                            December 31       December 31    March 31
                           ---------------    -----------   ----------
                           2000       1999       1999          1999
                           ----       ----       -----         ----
                                (Unaudited)

 INTEREST INCOME:
  Certificates and
   time deposits        $    48    $    93    $      81     $      56
  Investments                --         40           --           401
  ESOP loan                  --         --           --           325
                        -------    -------    ---------     ---------
                             48        133           81           782

 OTHER INCOME:
  Dividend income
   from subsidiaries      8,351      8,032        6,041         6,914
  Equity in
   undistributed
   income of
   subsidiaries          11,288      9,915        7,638         9,096

 OTHER EXPENSE            2,027      1,751        1,331         1,653
                       --------    -------    ---------     ---------
                         17,660     16,329       12,429        15,139
 PROVISION FOR
 (BENEFIT FROM)
 INCOME TAXES              (688)      (569)        (440)         (301)
                       --------    -------    ---------     ---------
 NET INCOME            $ 18,348    $16,898    $  12,869     $  15,440
                       ========    =======    =========     =========

                                   104
<PAGE>




BANR
Statements of Cash Flows
For the year ended December 31, 2000, the nine months ended December 31, 1999
and the year ended March 31, 1999

                                                      Nine
                              Year Ended      Months Ended        Year Ended
                             December 31       December 31          March 31
                                    2000              1999              1999
                             -----------      ------------      ------------

OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income                  $   18,348        $   12,869        $   15,440
  Adjustments to reconcile
  net income to net cash
  provided by operating
  activities:
   Equity in undistributed
    earnings of subsidiaries     (11,288)           (7,638)           (9,096)
   Net amortization of
    investment discounts              --                --              (394)
   Amortization of MRP
    liability                        302               339               339
   (Increase) decrease in
    deferred taxes                    --               (67)               --
   (Increase) decrease in
    other assets                    (447)               52                44
   Increase (decrease) in
    other liabilities             (1,167)              147              (123)
                             -----------      ------------      ------------
    Net cash provided (used)
     by operating activities      (5,748)           (5,702)           (6,210)
                             -----------      ------------      ------------
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchase of securities
   available for sale                 --                --          (136,831)
  Principal repayments and
   maturities of securities
   available for sale                 --                --           149,200
  Funds transferred to
   deferred compensation
   trust                             (60)              (66)              (80)
  Acquisitions of
   subsidiaries                       (7)               --            (7,824)
  Dividends received from
   subsidiaries                    4,000            12,000                --
  Payments received on loan
   to ESOP for release of
   shares                          1,510             1,305               633
  Additional investment
   in subsidiaries                (1,100)           (4,494)           (5,730)
                             -----------      ------------      ------------
    Net cash provided (used)
     by investing activities       4,343             8,745              (632)
                             -----------      ------------      ------------

 FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Repurchases of stock            (5,233)           (8,568)          (15,266)
  Repurchase of forfeited
   MRP shares                       (120)               --               (32)
  Net proceeds from exercise
   of stock options                  914               166               250
  Cash dividends paid             (5,554)           (3,709)           (3,597)
                             -----------      ------------      ------------
    Net cash provided (used)
     by financing activities      (9,993)          (12,111)          (18,645)
                             -----------      ------------      ------------

NET INCREASE (DECREASE)
IN CASH                               98             2,336           (13,067)
CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD          2,446               110            13,177
                             -----------      ------------      ------------
CASH, END OF PERIOD          $     2,544      $      2,446      $        110
                             ===========      ============      ============

                                   105

<PAGE>




BANR
Statements of Cash Flows (continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2000, the nine months ended December 31, 1999
and the year ended March 31, 1999


                                                      Nine
                                 Year Ended   Months Ended     Year Ended
                                December 31    December 31       March 31
                                       2000           1999           1999
                                   --------        -------       --------

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF
CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
 Interest paid                     $     --        $     --     $      --
 Taxes paid                        $     --        $     --     $      --
 Non-cash transactions:
  Net change in accrued
   dividends payable               $    336        $     52     $     477
  Increase of investment
   in subsidiary for
   shares released to
   ESOP participants
   as compensation                 $     --        $     --     $     291
  Net change in unrealized
   gain (loss) in deferred
   compensation trust and
   related liability,
   including subsidiaries          $    173        $     56     $   5,516
  Recognize tax benefit of
   vested MRP shares,
   including subsidiaries          $      2        $    188     $     276
  Non-cash portion of 10%
   stock dividend                  $ 14,731        $     --     $  24,360

The following summarizes the
non-cash activities relating
to acquisitions:
 Fair value of assets acquired     $    (48)       $      -     $(270,436)
 Fair value of liabilities
  assumed                          $     --        $     --     $ 230,012
 Fair value of stock issued
  to acquisitions' shareholders    $     48        $     --     $  32,527
                                   --------        --------     ---------
 Cash paid out in acquisition      $     --        $     --     $  (7,897)
 Less cash acquired                $     --        $     --     $  21,774
                                   --------        --------     ---------
 Net cash acquired (used)          $     --        $     --     $  13,877
                                   ========        ========     =========

Note 23: STOCK REPURCHASE

On November 19, 1996, the Company completed its stock repurchase program
initiated in April 1996 which authorized the repurchase of 660,085 shares of
its outstanding common stock.  On November 20, 1996, the Company's Board of
Directors approved continuance of the stock repurchase program authorizing the
purchase of up to 10% of total shares outstanding over the next 12 months.
Similar authorizations were approved by the Board of Directors in November
1997, October 1998, November 1999 and November 2000 (for 5% of outstanding
shares).  As of December 31, 2000, the Company has repurchased a total of
3,287,923 shares at an average price of $17.02 per share.  The Company has
reserved 528,074 shares for its MRP of which 479,149 shares were awarded as of
December 31, 2000 (see Note 16 to financial statements). The remaining 48,925
unallocated shares are held as authorized but unissued shares reserved for the
MRP.  Management reissued 941,246 shares in connection with the acquisition of
TB, and 557,758 shares in connection with the acquisition of WSB.

                                   106

<PAGE>



Note 24: CALCULATION OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING USED TO CALCULATE
EARNINGS PER SHARE
 (in thousands)
                                                     Nine
                                 Years Ended      Months Ended    Year Ended
                                 December 31       December 31      March 31
                              ------------------  ------------    ----------
                                2000       1999*      1999*          1999*
                              ------      ------  ------------    ----------
                                       (Unaudited)

 Total shares issued          13,202     13,202        13,202        13,202
  Less stock repurchased/
   retired including shares
   allocated to MRP           (1,151)      (819)         (909)         (749)
  Less unallocated shares
   held by the ESOP             (746)      (820)         (820)         (849)
                              ------     ------        ------       ------
 Basic weighted average
  shares outstanding          11,305     11,563        11,473        11,604
  Plus MRP and stock option
   incremental shares
   considered outstanding
   for diluted EPS
   calculations                  182        411           378           543
                              ------     ------        ------        ------
 Diluted weighted average
  shares outstanding          11,487     11,974        11,851        12,147
                              ======     ======        ======        ======

 *  Weighted average shares, restated for stock dividend: see Note 2



<TABLE>

Note 25: SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)
Results of operations on a quarterly basis were as follows (in thousands):

                                                                  Year Ended December 31, 2000
                                                    -------------------------------------------------------
                                                      First          Second          Third          Fourth
                                                     Quarter         Quarter        Quarter         Quarter
                                                    --------         -------        -------         -------
<S>                                                <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>
Interest income                                    $  36,630       $  39,108      $  40,923       $  41,637
Interest expense                                      19,985          21,777         23,690          24,142
                                                    --------        --------       --------        --------
  Net interest income                                 16,645          17,331         17,233          17,495
Provision for loan losses                                545             819            651             852
                                                    --------        --------       --------        --------
  Net interest income after provision for loan losses 16,100          16,512         16,582          16,643
Non-interest income                                    1,631           1,822          2,225           3,573
Non-interest expense                                  10,810          11,285         11,686          12,721
                                                    --------        --------       --------        --------
  Income before provision for income taxes             6,921           7,049          7,121           7,495
Provision for income taxes                             2,496           2,506          2,515           2,721
                                                    --------        --------       --------        --------
Net operating income                                $  4,425        $  4,543       $  4,606        $  4,774
                                                    ========        ========       ========        ========

 *Basic earnings per share                         $    0.39       $    0.40      $    0.41       $    0.42
 *Diluted earnings per share                       $    0.38       $    0.40      $    0.40       $    0.42
 *Cash dividends declared                          $    0.13       $    0.13      $    0.13       $    0.14

</TABLE>
                                   107

<PAGE>



<TABLE>
Note 26: SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED), continued
Results of operations on a quarterly basis were as follows (in thousands):

                                                       Nine Months Ended December 31, 1999
                                                   ---------------------------------------
                                                     First          Second          Third
                                                    Quarter         Quarter        Quarter
                                                    -------         -------        -------
<S>                                                <C>             <C>            <C>
Interest income                                    $  32,173       $  33,595      $  35,264
Interest expense                                      16,926          17,609         18,666
  Net interest income                                 15,247          15,986         16,598
Provision for loan losses                                710             510            665
                                                    --------        --------       --------
  Net interest income after provision
    for loan losses                                   14,537          15,476         15,933
Non-interest income                                    1,861           1,919          1,735
Non-interest expense                                   9,783          10,594         10,145
                                                    --------        --------       --------
  Income before provision for income taxes             6,615           6,801          7,523
Provision for income taxes                             2,558           2,594          2,918
                                                    --------        --------       --------
Net operating income                                $  4,057        $  4,207       $  4,605
                                                    ========        ========       ========

 *Basic earnings per share                          $   0.35        $   0.37       $   0.34
 *Diluted earnings per share                        $   0.34        $   0.36       $   0.33
 *Cash dividends declared                           $   0.11        $   0.11       $   0.11

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                                     Year Ended December 31, 2000
                                                    -------------------------------------------------------
                                                      First           Second        Third           Fourth
                                                     Quarter         Quarter       Quarter          Quarter
                                                     -------         -------       -------          -------
<S>                                                 <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>
Interest income                                     $ 25,799        $ 27,676       $ 28,347        $ 30,470
Interest expense                                      13,940          14,919         15,424          16,159
                                                    --------        --------       --------        --------
  Net interest income                                 11,859          12,757         12,923          14,311
Provision for loan losses                                667             703            840             631
                                                    --------        --------       --------        --------
  Net interest income after provision for loan losses 11,192          12,054         12,083          13,680
Non-interest income                                    1,593           1,792          1,971           2,097
Non-interest expense                                   7,073           7,487          7,834           9,351
                                                    --------        --------       --------        --------
  Income before provision for income taxes             5,712           6,359          6,220           6,426
Provision for income taxes                             2,164           2,392          2,324           2,397
                                                    --------        --------       --------        --------
Net operating income                                $  3,548        $  3,967       $  3,896        $  4,029
                                                    ========        ========       ========        ========

 *Basic earnings per share                          $   0.30        $   0.34       $   0.34        $   0.34
 *Diluted earnings per share                        $   0.29        $   0.33       $   0.33        $   0.33
 *Cash dividends declared                           $   0.07        $   0.08       $   0.08        $   0.11

*  Restated to reflect 10% stock dividend declared to stockholders of record as of August 10, 1998 and
October 31, 2000.
</TABLE>

                                   108

<PAGE>


Note 27:  BUSINESS SEGMENTS

The Company is managed by legal entity or Bank, not by lines of business.
Each Bank is managed by its executive management team that is responsible for
its own lending, deposit operations, information systems and administration.
Marketing, sales training assistance, credit card administration and human
resources administration is provided from a central source at BB, and costs
are allocated to the individual Banks using appropriate methods based on
usage.  In addition, corporate overhead and centralized administrative costs
are allocated to each Bank.  The accounting policies followed by each Bank are
the same as those described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

FSBW (now BB) was a community oriented savings bank which traditionally
offered a wide variety of deposit products to its retail customers while
concentrating its lending activities on real estate loans. FSBW has increased
its involvement in non-mortgage commercial and agricultural lending while
continuing to be actively engaged in residential mortgage lending for the
purchase of homes and home construction.  FSBW's primary business is
originating loans for portfolio in its primary market area, which consists of
the states of Washington and Idaho.  FSBW has two wholly owned subsidiaries,
Northwest Financial Corporation, which provides trustee services for FSBW, is
engaged in real estate sales and receives commissions from the sale of
annuities.  Community Financial Corporation (CFC) is a new mortgage lending
subsidiary located in the Lake Oswego area of Portland, OR.  CFC's primary
lending activities are in the area of construction and permanent financing for
one- to four-family residential dwellings.  FSBW includes WSB and SCB
effective January 1, 1999 and April 1, 1999, respectively.

IEB (now known as BBO) is a community oriented commercial bank chartered in
the State of Oregon.  IEB's lending activities consist of granting
agribusiness, commercial and consumer loans to customers throughout the
northeastern Oregon region.  IEB has two wholly owned subsidiaries:  Pioneer
American Property Company, which owns a building that is leased to IEB, and
Inland Securities Corporation, which previously made a market for IEB's stock
but is currently inactive.

TB (merged into BB) was a community oriented commercial bank chartered in the
State of Washington.  TB's lending activities consist of granting commercial
and consumer loans to customers throughout the Seattle, Washington,
metropolitan area.

The performance of each Bank is reviewed by the Company's executive management
team and the Board of Directors on a monthly basis.

Financial highlights by legal entity were as follows:



<TABLE>
                                                        Year Ended December 31, 2000
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           (dollars in thousands)
Condensed Income Statement                                            TB
                                           FSBW           IEB     (now merged
                                        (now BB)     (now BBO)      into BB)      Other *    Total
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>        <C>
Net interest income (loss)           $   40,304    $   10,734     $   17,616   $      50   $   68,704
Provision for loan losses                 1,557           230          1,080          --        2,867
Other income                              5,645         1,980          1,699         (73)       9,251
Other expenses                           25,938         7,149         11,460       1,955       46,502
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes        18,454         5,335          6,775      (1,978)      28,586
Income taxes (benefit)                    5,645         2,423          2,858        (688)      10,238
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
Net income (loss)                    $   12,809    $    2,912      $   3,917   $  (1,290)  $   18,348
                                     ==========    ==========      =========   =========   ==========
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
                                                                 December 31, 2000
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>
Total Assets                         $1,391,409     $ 240,528      $ 365,829   $ (14,935)  $1,982,831
                                     ==========     =========      =========   =========   ==========

 *Includes intercompany eliminations and holding company amounts.
</TABLE>


                                                   109

<PAGE>



<TABLE>
Note 27:  BUSINESS SEGMENTS (continued)

                                                        Year Ended December 31, 1999
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           (dollars in thousands)
Condensed Income Statement                                            TB
                                           FSBW           IEB     (now merged
                                        (now BB)     (now BBO)      into BB)      Other *    Total
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>        <C>
Net interest income (loss)           $   38,026    $   10,810      $  13,173   $     133   $   62,142
Provision for loan losses                   967           169          1,380          --        2,516
Other income                              4,238         2,215          1,227         (68)       7,612
Other expenses                           22,196         6,997          8,997       1,683       39,873
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes        19,101         5,859          4,023      (1,618)      27,365
Income taxes (benefit)                    6,499         2,632          1,905        (569)      10,467
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
Net income (loss)                    $   12,602    $    3,227      $   2,118   $  (1,049)  $   16,898
                                     ==========    ==========      =========   =========   ==========
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
                                                      December 31, 1999 (Unaudited)
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>             <C>         <C>         <C>
Total Assets                         $1,302,054    $  215,302      $ 302,309   $     445   $1,820,110
                                     ==========    ==========      =========   =========   ==========

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                     Nine Months Ended December 31, 1999
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           (dollars in thousands)
Condensed Income Statement                                            TB
                                           FSBW           IEB     (now merged
                                        (now BB)     (now BBO)      into BB)      Other *    Total
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>        <C>
Net interest income (loss)           $   38,026    $   10,810      $  13,173   $     133   $   62,142
Net interest income (loss)           $   29,100    $    8,316      $  10,334   $      81   $   47,831
Provision for loan losses                   650           135          1,100          --        1,885
Other income                              2,997         1,631            934         (47)       5,515
Other expenses                           17,181         5,143          6,913       1,285       30,522
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes        14,266         4,669          3,255      (1,251)      20,939
Income taxes (benefit)                    4,906         2,090          1,515        (441)       8,070
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
Net income (loss)                    $    9,360    $    2,579      $   1,740   $    (810)  $   12,869
                                     ==========    ==========      =========   =========   ==========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                                December 31, 1999
                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>             <C>         <C>         <C>
Total Assets                         $1,302,054    $  215,302      $ 302,309   $     445   $1,820,110
                                     ==========    ==========      =========   =========   ==========


 *Includes intercompany eliminations and holding company amounts.
</TABLE>

                                                 110

<PAGE>



<TABLE>
Note 27:  BUSINESS SEGMENTS (continued)
                                                        Year Ended December 31, 1999
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           (dollars in thousands)
Condensed Income Statement                                            TB
                                           FSBW           IEB     (now merged
                                        (now BB)     (now BBO)      into BB)      Other *    Total
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>        <C>
Net interest income (loss)           $   40,304    $   10,734     $   17,616   $      50   $   68,704
Net interest income (loss)           $   30,712    $   10,114     $   10,242   $     782   $   51,850
Provision for loan losses                 1,870           226            745          --        2,841
Other income                              3,875         2,528          1,071         (21)       7,453
Other expenses                           16,049         6,841          7,223       1,632       31,745
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes        16,668         5,575          3,345        (871)      24,717
Income taxes (benefit)                    5,442         2,490          1,646        (301)       9,277
                                     ----------    ----------      ---------   ---------   ----------
Net income (loss)                    $   11,226    $    3,085     $    1,699   $    (570)  $   15,440
                                     ==========    ==========      =========   =========   ==========

</TABLE>

<TABLE>

                                                        March 31, 1999
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>             <C>         <C>         <C>

Total Assets                         $1,193,269    $  204,539      $ 233,485   $     607   $1,631,900
                                     ==========    ==========      =========   =========   ==========


* Includes intercompany eliminations and holding company amounts.
</TABLE>

                                                         111

<PAGE>




                           Banner Corporation
                           Index of Exhibits
Exhibit
-------

3{a}  Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant [incorporated by reference
      to Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 33-93386)].

3{b}  Bylaws of Registrant [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with
      the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31,
      1997 (File No. 0-26584)].

10{a} Employment Agreement with Gary L. Sirmon [incorporated by reference to
      exhibits filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-k dated March 31, 1996
      (File No. 0-26584)].

10{b} Executive Salary Continuation Agreement with Gary L. Sirmon
      [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Annual Report on
      Form 10-k dated March 31, 1996 (File No. 0-26584)].

10{c} Employment Agreement with D. Allan Roth [incorporated by reference to
      exhibits filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-k dated March 31, 1996
      (File No. 0-26584)].

10{d} Executive Salary Continuation Agreement with D. Allan Roth
      [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Annual Report on
      Form 10-k dated March 31, 1996 (File No. 0-26584)].

10{e} Employment Agreement with Michael K. Larsen [incorporated by reference
      to exhibits filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-k dated March 31,
      1996 (File No. 0-26584)].

10{f} Executive Salary Continuation Agreement with Michael K. Larsen
      [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Annual Report on
      Form 10-k dated March 31, 1996 (File No. 0-26584)].

10{g} 1996 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the
      Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on July 26,
      1996).

10{h} 1996 Management Recognition and Development Plan (incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit B to the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
      Stockholders held on July 26, 1996).

10{i} Employment and Non-competition Agreement with Jesse G. Foster
      [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Annual Report on
      Form 10-K dated March 31, 1997 (file No. 0-26584)].

10{j} Supplemental Retirement Plan as Amended with Jesse G. Foster
      [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Annual Report on
      Form 10-K dated March 31, 1997 (file No. 0-26584)].

10{k} Towne Bank of Woodinville 1992 Stock Option Plan [incorporated by
      reference to exhibits filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-8
      dated April 2, 1999 (file No. 333-49193)].

10{l} 1998 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the
      Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on July 24,
      1998).

21    Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23    Independent Auditors Consent.

                                   112
<PAGE>



                                 Exhibit 21
                       Subsidiaries of the Registrant

Parent
------

Banner Corporation

                                      Percentage of       Jurisdiction of
Subsidiaries                           ownership      State of Incorporation
------------                           ---------      ----------------------

Banner Bank (1)                           100%              Washington

Banner Bank of Oregon (1)                 100%              Oregon

Community Financial Corporation (2)       100%              Oregon

Northwest Financial Corporation (2)       100%              Washington

Pioneer American Property Company (3)     100%              Oregon

Inland securities Corporation (3)         100%              Oregon

------------------
(1)  Wholly-owned by Banner Corporation
(2)  Wholly-owned by Banner Bank
(3)  Wholly-owned by Banner Bank of Oregon


                                   113

<PAGE>



                               Exhibit 23
                       Independent Auditors Consent

<PAGE>



INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT
=============================================================================

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos.
333-10819, 333-49193, and 333-71625 of Banner Corporation on Form S-8 of our
report dated February 26, 2001, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
Banner Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2000.

/s/Deloitte & Touche LLP
DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Seattle, Washington
March 28, 2001

<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
