<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d71267_10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

|X|      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                              EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006

                                       OR

|_|         TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

              For the transition period from _________ to _________

                         Commission file number 0-19292

                                     [LOGO]

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

               Massachusetts                            03-0300793
      (State or other jurisdiction of                (I.R.S. Employer
      incorporation or organization)                Identification No.)

         4960 Conference Way North, Suite 100, Boca Raton, Florida 33431
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (561) 912-8000

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class          Name of each exchange on which registered
         -------------------          -----------------------------------------
    Common Stock, $.01 par value               New York Stock Exchange

        Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark if the  registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,  as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes |_|   No |X|

Indicate  by  check  mark if the  registrant  is not  required  to file  reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes |_|   No |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes |X|   No |_|

<PAGE>

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in the definitive proxy statement incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large  accelerated  filer, an
accelerated  filer, or a non-accelerated  filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).

  Large Accelerated filer |_|  Accelerated filer |X|  Non-Accelerated filer |_|

Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

      Yes |_|   No |X|

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held
by  non-affiliates of the registrant:  $238,850,099  based upon the closing sale
price of the Company's  Common Stock on the New York Stock  Exchange on June 30,
2006 ($11.46 per share). For this purpose,  "affiliates"  include members of the
Board of  Directors  of the Company,  members of  executive  management  and all
persons  known to be the  beneficial  owners  of more  than 5% of the  Company's
outstanding  common stock.

As of March 7, 2007,  there were 30,881,953  shares of the  registrant's  common
stock, $.01 par value, outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Specifically  identified portions of the Company's definitive proxy statement to
be filed for its 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Proxy Statement") are
incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.

<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                       INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              PART I                                       Page
<S>                                                                                         <C>
Item 1.  BUSINESS.........................................................................    1

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS.....................................................................   25

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS........................................................   31

Item 2.  PROPERTIES.......................................................................   31

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS................................................................   31

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS..............................   31

                                             PART II

Item 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
           MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES..............................   32

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA..........................................................   33

Item 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
           AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS......................................................   35

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.......................   58

Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA......................................   60

Item 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
           AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.......................................................  105

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES..........................................................  105

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION................................................................  105

                                            PART III

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE...........................  106

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION...........................................................  106

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
           AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS................................................  106

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
           INDEPENDENCE...................................................................  106

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES...........................................  106

                                             PART IV

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES..........................................  107

SIGNATURES................................................................................  107

EXHIBIT INDEX.............................................................................  110
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

TRADEMARKS

      The terms "Bluegreen(R)," "Bluegreen  Communities(R)," "Bluegreen Vacation
Club(R),"  "Colorful Places To Live And Play(R)," "You're Going To Like What You
See!(R)," "Encore  Rewards(R),"  "Outdoor Traveler  Logo(R)," and the "Bluegreen
Logo(R)" are  registered in the U.S.  Patent and  Trademark  Office by Bluegreen
Corporation.

      The terms "The Hammocks at Marathon(TM)," "Orlando's Sunshine Resort(TM),"
"Solara  Surfside(TM),"  "Mountain Run at Boyne(TM),"  "The Falls  Village(TM),"
"Bluegreen   Wilderness   Club(TM),"  "The  Lodge  Alley   Inn(TM),"   "Carolina
Grande(TM),"  "Harbour   Lights(TM),"  "Patrick  Henry  Square(TM),"   "SeaGlass
Tower(TM),"   "Shore   Crest   Vacation    Villas(TM),"    "Laurel   Crest(TM),"
"MountainLoft(TM),"    "Daytona   SeaBreeze(TM),"   "Shenandoah   Crossing(TM),"
"Christmas Mountain Village(TM)," "Traditions of Braselton(TM)," "Sanctuary Cove
at  St.  Andrews  Sound(TM),"  "Catawba  Falls  Preserve(TM),"  "Mountain  Lakes
Ranch(TM),"  "Silver Lakes Ranch(TM),"  "Mystic  Shores(TM)," "Lake Ridge at Joe
Pool  Lake(TM),"   "Ridge  Lake  Shores(TM),"   "Mountain  Springs   Ranch(TM),"
"Havenwood at Hunter's  CrossingTM,"  "Vintage Oaks at the  Vineyard(TM),"  "The
Bridges at Preston  Crossing(TM)," "Saddle Creek Forest(TM)," "The Settlement at
Patriot Ranch(TM),"  "Carolina  National(TM),"  "Brickshire(TM),"  "Golf Club at
Brickshire(TM),"   "Preserve  at  Jordan  Lake(TM),"   "Encore   Dividends(TM),"
Bluegreen  Preferred(TM),"  and "Bluegreen Traveler Plus(TM)," are trademarks or
service marks of Bluegreen Corporation in the United States.

      The terms "Big  Cedar(R)" and "Bass Pro  Shops(R)"  are  registered in the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office by Bass Pro Trademarks, LP.

      The term "World Golf  Village(R)"  is  registered  in the U.S.  Patent and
Trademark Office by World Golf Foundation, Inc.

      All other marks are registered marks of their respective owners.

MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA

      Market and industry data used  throughout  this Annual Report on Form 10-K
were  obtained from our internal  surveys,  industry  publications,  unpublished
industry data and  estimates,  discussions  with industry  sources and currently
available  information.  The sources for this data include,  without limitation,
the American Resort  Development  Association  ("ARDA").  Industry  publications
generally  state that the information  contained  therein has been obtained from
sources  believed  to be  reliable,  but  there  can be no  assurance  as to the
accuracy  and  completeness  of  such  information.  We have  not  independently
verified such market data. Similarly, our internal surveys, while believed by us
to be reliable, have not been verified by any independent sources.  Accordingly,
no assurance can be given that any such data will prove to be accurate.

<PAGE>

PART I

Item 1. BUSINESS.

Introduction

We are a  leading  provider  of  colorful  places to live and play  through  our
resorts  and  residential  community  businesses.  We  are  organized  into  two
divisions:  Bluegreen  Resorts  and  Bluegreen  Communities.  Bluegreen  Resorts
acquires,  develops and markets vacation ownership interests ("VOIs") in resorts
generally  located in popular  high-volume,  "drive-to"  vacation  destinations.
Bluegreen  Communities  acquires,  develops and subdivides  property and markets
residential  land  homesites,  the majority of which are sold directly to retail
customers  who seek to build a home in a high quality  residential  setting,  in
some cases on properties featuring a golf course and related amenities.  We also
generate  significant  interest  income  through  our  financing  of  individual
purchasers  of VOIs  and,  to a  nominal  extent,  homesites  sold by  Bluegreen
Communities.

Bluegreen Resorts

Bluegreen  Resorts  was  founded  in 1994 to  capitalize  on the  growth  of the
vacation  ownership  industry.  As of December  31, 2006,  we had  approximately
170,000 VOI owners,  including  approximately  134,000  members in the Bluegreen
Vacation  Club,  which was  established  in 1997.  We sell VOIs in the Bluegreen
Vacation Club through sales offices at all of our owned resorts and at our seven
off-site  sales  offices in Georgia,  Indiana,  Illinois,  Michigan,  Minnesota,
Nevada and Texas. A Bluegreen  Vacation Club VOI in any of our resorts  entitles
the buyer to an annual or biennial  allotment  of "points" in  perpetuity.  Club
members may use their  points to stay in one of our 21  Bluegreen-owned  resorts
and 22 other resorts or for other vacation options,  including cruises and stays
at   approximately   3,700   resorts   offered   through   Resort   Condominiums
International,  LLC ("RCI") an external  exchange  network.  The following table
sets forth the Bluegreen Vacation Club resorts:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               Bluegreen-Owned Resorts (1)(2)                           Location
     ---------------------------------------------          ----------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>
     Daytona SeaBreeze (3)                                  Daytona Beach Shores, Florida
     The Hammocks at Marathon (3)                           Marathon, Florida
     The Fountains (3)                                      Orlando, Florida
     Orlando's Sunshine Resort I & II (3)                   Orlando, Florida
     Casa Del Mar Beach Resort                              Ormond Beach, Florida
     Grande Villas at World Golf Village (3)                St. Augustine, Florida
     Solara Surfside (3)                                    Surfside, Florida
     Mountain Run at Boyne (3)                              Boyne Falls, Michigan
     The Falls Village (3)                                  Branson, Missouri
     Bluegreen Wilderness Club at Big Cedar (3)(4)          Ridgedale, Missouri
     The Suites at Hershey (3)                              Hershey, Pennsylvania
     The Lodge Alley Inn (3)                                Charleston, South Carolina
     Carolina Grande (3)                                    Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
     Harbour Lights (3)                                     Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
     SeaGlass Tower (3)                                     Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
     Shore Crest Vacation Villas I & II (3)                 North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
     MountainLoft (3)                                       Gatlinburg, Tennessee
     Laurel Crest (3)                                       Pigeon Forge, Tennessee
     Shenandoah Crossing (3)                                Gordonsville, Virginia
     Christmas Mountain Village (3)                         Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin
     La Cabana Beach and Racquet Club (5)                   Oranjestad, Aruba
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   Other Resorts (1)                                    Location
     -------------------------------------------            ---------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>
     Paradise Isle Resort                                   Gulf Shores, Alabama
     Shoreline Towers Resort                                Gulf Shores, Alabama
     Via Roma Beach Resort (3)                              Bradenton Beach, Florida
     Dolphin Beach Club (3)                                 Daytona Beach Shores, Florida
     Fantasy Island Resort II (3)                           Daytona Beach Shores, Florida
     Mariner's Boathouse and Beach Resort                   Fort Myers Beach, Florida
     Tropical Sands Resort                                  Fort Myers Beach, Florida
     Windward Passage Resort                                Fort Myers Beach, Florida
     Gulfstream Manor (3)                                   Gulfstream, Florida
     Resort Sixty-Six (3)                                   Holmes Beach, Florida
     Outrigger Beach Club (3)                               Ormond Beach, Florida
     Landmark Holiday Beach Resort                          Panama City Beach, Florida
     Ocean Towers Beach Club                                Panama City Beach, Florida
     Panama City Resort & Club                              Panama City Beach, Florida
     Surfrider Beach Club                                   Sanibel Island, Florida
     Petit Crest Villas at Big Canoe                        Marble Hill, Georgia
     Pono Kai Resort (3)                                    Kapaa (Kauai), Hawaii
     Lake Condominiums at Big Sky                           Big Sky, Montana
     Foxrun Townhouses                                      Lake Lure, North Carolina
     Sandcastle Village                                     New Bern, North Carolina
     Waterwood Townhouses                                   New Bern, North Carolina
     Players Club                                           Hilton Head Island, South Carolina
</TABLE>

----------

(1)   Throughout  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  ("Annual  Report"),  any
      reference to resorts that we "own" refers to resorts  where we acquired or
      developed a significant  number of the VOIs  associated  with the resorts,
      even if  substantially  all of the VOIs in the property  have been sold to
      consumers.  "Other  Resorts" refer to component sites within the Bluegreen
      Vacation Club where we did not acquire or develop a significant  number of
      the VOIs associated with the resorts.

(2)   The table excludes  acquisitions of vacation ownership resorts made during
      2006  including  property  located in Las Vegas,  Nevada;  Newland,  North
      Carolina;   Williamsburg,   Virginia;  and  Wisconsin  Dells,   Wisconsin.
      Occupancy  in  these  resorts  is  expected  following   construction  and
      development activities at each of these resort locations.

(3)   This resort is managed by Bluegreen Resorts  Management,  Inc., one of our
      wholly-owned subsidiaries.

(4)   This resort is being developed,  marketed and sold by Bluegreen/Big  Cedar
      Vacations,  LLC, a joint venture with Big Cedar, LLC We own a 51% interest
      in this joint venture and the joint venture's results of operations,  cash
      flows and financial  position are included in our  consolidated  financial
      statements. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

(5)   This resort is managed by Casa Grande Cooperative Association I, which has
      subcontracted   with  Bluegreen  Resorts   Management,   Inc.  to  provide
      management consulting services to the resort.

Throughout  this Annual  Report,  "estimated  remaining  life-of-project  sales"
assumes the aggregate  sales of the existing,  currently  under  construction or
development,  and planned VOIs or homesites,  at current retail  prices.  "Field
Operating  Profit"  means the operating  profit of one of our business  segments
prior to the allocation of corporate  overhead,  interest income,  other income,
interest expense, other expense, minority interest,  provision for income taxes,
income of consolidated  subsidiary and cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle.  See Note 18 of the Notes to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements for
further  information  and a  reconciliation  of Field  Operating  Profit for our
business segments to consolidated income before provision for income taxes.

Since our  inception,  we have  generated  over 219,000 VOI sales  transactions.
Bluegreen Resorts' estimated remaining  life-of-project sales were approximately
$3.0  billion at  December  31,  2006.  For the year ended  December  31,  2006,
Bluegreen  Resorts had Sales and Field  Operating  Profit of $399.1  million and
$53.9 million, respectively.

Bluegreen Resorts uses a variety of techniques to attract prospective purchasers
of VOIs,  including  marketing of  mini-vacations  either  through  face-to-face
contact  at kiosks in retail and  leisure  locations  or  through  telemarketing
campaigns,  marketing to current  owners of VOIs and  referrals.  To support our
marketing  and sales  efforts,  we have


                                                                               2
<PAGE>

developed  and continue to enhance our database to track our vacation  ownership
marketing  and  sales  programs.  We  believe  that  as our  vacation  ownership
operations  grow,  this database  will  position us to take  advantage of, among
other things, less costly marketing and referral opportunities.

While historical growth rates may not continue, based on ARDA and other industry
data,  we believe that vacation  ownership  has been one of the fastest  growing
segments of the hospitality  industry with a 9% increase in U.S. timeshare sales
year-over-year  since 2004, and a 5% increase in the number of households owning
one or more U.S. timeshare weekly intervals or points equivalents.  According to
ARDA,  the primary reason cited by consumers for purchasing a VOI is the ability
to exchange a VOI for accommodations at other resorts through worldwide exchange
networks.  Our affiliation with RCI, the largest  worldwide  vacation  ownership
exchange  company,  entitles  members of the Bluegreen  Vacation Club to stay at
approximately  3,700  participating  RCI resorts  located in over 100  countries
worldwide.

Our  Bluegreen  Vacation  Club system  permits our VOI owners to purchase a real
estate  timeshare  interest  which  provides  them with an  annual  or  biennial
allotment  of points,  which can be redeemed for  occupancy  rights at Bluegreen
Vacation  Club resorts.  We believe the  Bluegreen  Vacation Club allows our VOI
owners to customize  their  vacation  experience in a more flexible  manner than
traditional fixed-week vacation ownership programs. We also have implemented the
Sampler Program,  which allows Sampler package purchasers to enjoy substantially
the same amenities,  activities and services offered to Bluegreen  Vacation Club
members  during a one-year  trial  period.  We believe  that we benefit from the
Sampler  Program as it gives us the  opportunity to market our VOIs to customers
when they use their trial  memberships  at our resorts and to recapture  some of
the cost incurred relative to the initial marketing of prospective customers.

Prior to  acquiring a property  for a resort,  Bluegreen  Resorts  undertakes  a
property review of a resort location for potential  acquisition,  which includes
physical and environmental assessments. This review is presented for approval to
our Management Investment Committee,  which was established in 1990 and consists
of certain key members of senior  management.  Once approved by this  committee,
the  acquisition  is  submitted  to the  Investment  Committee  of our  Board of
Directors for final  approval.  During the review process,  we consider  market,
tourism  and  demographic  data as  well as the  quality  and  diversity  of the
location's  existing  amenities  and  attractions  to  determine  the  potential
strength of the vacation  ownership market in the area and the availability of a
variety of recreational  opportunities  for prospective VOI purchasers.  Another
important  consideration  of potential  acquisition is the demand for resorts in
specific  geographic  areas by existing  Bluegreen  Vacation  Club  members.  We
periodically  monitor this demand through  surveys and other means. We generally
seek to acquire  real estate or  interests  in real estate in markets  that will
provide incremental sales distribution opportunities and/or satisfy our existing
Bluegreen Vacation Club members' desires for alternate vacation destinations. No
assurance can be given that we will be able to be successful in our  acquisition
strategy.

We have  historically  provided  financing to approximately  95% of our vacation
ownership  customers.  Customers are required to make a downpayment  of at least
10% of the VOI sales price and typically  finance the balance of the sales price
over a period of ten years.  As  discussed in more detail in Note 1 of the Notes
to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,   the  Company  adopted  the  Financial
Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB") Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
("SFAS"),  SFAS No. 152,  Accounting for Real Estate  Time-Sharing  Transactions
("SFAS No. 152). SFAS No. 152, among other things, clarified the 10% downpayment
computation as it applies to revenue  recognition.  As of December 31, 2006, our
vacation ownership receivables portfolio totaled approximately $150.6 million in
principal  amount,  with a  weighted-average  contractual yield of approximately
14.3% per annum. During the year ended December 31, 2006, we maintained vacation
ownership  receivables  warehouse  facilities  and separate  vacation  ownership
receivables  purchase  facilities  to  maintain  liquidity  associated  with our
vacation  ownership  receivables.  See "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of
Financial   Condition  and  Results  of  Operations  --  Liquidity  and  Capital
Resources"  for a  further  discussion  of our  vacation  ownership  receivables
facilities and certain risks relating to such facilities.

Bluegreen Communities

Bluegreen  Communities  focuses on developing  residential  homesites near major
metropolitan  centers or popular retirement areas. We believe that a majority of
our  Bluegreen   Communities  customers  seek  a  lifestyle  that  is  generally
unavailable in traditional,  intensely subdivided suburban  developments.  As of
December 31, 2006,  Bluegreen  Communities  was actively  developing and selling
homesites  directly to retail  consumers  in  communities  primarily  located in
Georgia, North Carolina,  Texas and Virginia. We had $116.0 million of inventory
for  Bluegreen  Communities  on our balance  sheet as of  December  31, 2006 and
Bluegreen   Communities'   estimated   remaining   life-of-project   sales  were
approximately  $528.8 million.  For the year ended December 31, 2006,  Bluegreen
Communities  recognized  Sales and Field Operating  Profit of $164.0 million and
$35.8 million, respectively.


                                                                               3
<PAGE>

The  objective of our  communities  marketing  and sales  program is to generate
on-site sales  presentations  to potential  prospects  through a combination  of
newspaper, direct mail, television,  billboard,  Internet and radio advertising.
In addition, we believe Bluegreen Communities' customer relationship  management
computer software system enables us to compile, process and maintain information
concerning  future sales prospects within each of our operating regions with the
goal of tracking the  effectiveness  of our advertising  and marketing  programs
relative to sales generated.  During 2005 and 2006 our conversion ratio of sales
to prospects  receiving on-site  presentations was 28% and 26% respectively.  We
believe  that we have been able to achieve  an  attractive  conversion  ratio of
sales  to  prospects  receiving  on-site  sales  presentations,   through  these
programs.

Bluegreen  Communities  acquires  and  develops  land  near  major  metropolitan
centers,  but outside the perimeter of intense subdivision  development,  and in
popular  retirement  areas.  Prior to acquiring  undeveloped  land,  we consider
market depth and attempt to forecast market absorption.  In new market areas, we
typically engage a third-party to perform a market study in the area to evaluate
market response and price  acceptance.  Our sales and marketing efforts begin as
soon as  practicable  after we enter  into an  agreement  to acquire a parcel of
land.  Our ability to bond  projects to  completion  and /or provide a corporate
guaranty generally allows us to sell a portion of our residential land inventory
on a  pre-development  basis,  thereby  reducing the amount of external  capital
needed to complete  improvements.  As is the case with  Bluegreen  Resorts,  all
acquisitions of properties by Bluegreen  Communities are subject to the approval
of both our  Management  Investment  Committee and  Investment  Committee of our
Board of Directors.

In fiscal 1997, we began  construction of our first daily-fee golf course and to
date have  developed  daily fee golf  courses.  We believe that  daily-fee  golf
courses are an attractive  amenity that increases the  marketability of adjacent
homesites.  We currently intend to expand our golf course community  residential
land offerings into markets with attractive  demographics  for such  properties.
There can be no assurance  that our strategy for this expansion or the operation
of the courses will be successful.

Industry Overview

Bluegreen Resorts

The Market.  The resorts component of the leisure industry is serviced primarily
by two separate  alternatives for overnight  accommodations:  commercial lodging
establishments  and vacation  ownership  resorts.  Commercial  lodging  consists
principally of hotels and motels in which a room is rented on a nightly,  weekly
or monthly  basis for the  duration  of the visit or rentals of  privately-owned
condominium  units or  homes.  For many  vacationers,  particularly  those  with
families,  a lengthy stay at a quality commercial  lodging  establishment can be
expensive,  and the space provided to such  vacationers by these  establishments
relative  to the  cost is often  not  economical.  In  addition,  room  rates at
commercial  lodging  establishments  are  subject  to  change  periodically  and
availability is often uncertain.  We believe that vacation ownership presents an
attractive vacation alternative to commercial lodging.

First introduced in Europe in the mid-1960's, vacation ownership has been one of
the fastest  growing  segments  of the  hospitality  industry  over the past two
decades.  We believe that,  based on ARDA reports and other  industry  data, the
following  factors have contributed to the increased  acceptance of the vacation
ownership  concept among the general  public and the  substantial  growth of the
vacation ownership industry:

      o     growing  consumer  awareness of the potential  value and benefits of
            vacation  ownership,  including the cost savings relative to certain
            other lodging alternatives;

      o     increasing  flexibility  of vacation  ownership due to the growth of
            international  exchange  organizations  such  as  RCI  and  Interval
            International,  and points-based  vacation club systems (such as the
            Bluegreen Vacation Club);

      o     the improving  quality of the vacation  ownership  resorts and their
            management; and

      o     growing  consumer   confidence   resulting  from  enhanced  consumer
            protection  regulation  of the vacation  ownership  industry and the
            entry of brand  name  national  lodging  companies  to the  vacation
            ownership industry.

Historically,   the  vacation  ownership  industry  was  highly  fragmented  and
dominated  by a large  number  of  local  and  regional  resort  developers  and
operators,  each with small resort portfolios generally of differing quality. We
believe that one of the most  significant  factors  contributing  to the current
success of the vacation ownership industry has been the entry into the market of
some of the world's major lodging, hospitality and entertainment companies, such
as


                                                                               4
<PAGE>

Marriott   International,   Inc.,  the  Walt  Disney   Company,   Hilton  Hotels
Corporation, Hyatt Corporation, Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, Starwood Hotels
and Resorts Worldwide, Inc. and Wyndham Worldwide Corporation. Although vacation
ownership  operations  currently  comprise  only a portion  of these  companies'
overall operations,  we believe that their involvement in the vacation ownership
industry has enhanced the industry's image with the general public.

Our   Bluegreen   Vacation  Club  resorts  are   primarily   "drive-to"   resort
destinations. We believe that, in general, Americans still desire to take family
vacations  and that our vacation  club is  positioned  to benefit from  consumer
demand  for  family  vacations.  However,  international  hostilities,  economic
conditions  and the rising  cost of gasoline  may have an adverse  effect on our
operations in the future.

The Consumer.  According to information compiled by industry sources,  customers
in our target demographic of 40 to 59 years old represented approximately 60% of
all VOI owners in the United States in 2002.  According to the U.S. Census,  the
45 to 54 year old age group is expected to grow 18% from 2000 through 2010.  The
average age of recent VOI buyers is 51 with a median annual  household income of
approximately $85,000. Despite the industry's growth, VOI ownership has achieved
only an approximate 5% market  penetration  among United States  households with
incomes above $50,000 per year.

VOI Ownership.  The purchase of a fixed-week VOI typically entitles the buyer to
use a fully-furnished  vacation residence,  generally for a one-week period each
year in perpetuity.  Typically,  the buyer acquires an ownership interest in the
vacation residence, which is often held as tenant-in-common with other buyers of
interests in the property. This traditional vacation ownership product lacks the
flexibility provided to owners of a points-based vacation ownership product, and
hence we have not sold fixed week VOIs for several years.

Under a points system, such as our Bluegreen Vacation Club, the members purchase
a real estate  interest in a specific VOI resort,  which is held in trust on the
member's behalf and provides the member with an annual or biennial  allotment of
points that can be redeemed for occupancy  rights at participating  resorts.  We
believe  that  compared to other  vacation  ownership  arrangements,  the points
system offers  members  greater  flexibility in planning  their  vacations.  The
number of points  required for a stay at any one resort  varies,  depending on a
variety of  factors,  including  the resort  location,  the size of a unit,  the
vacation  season and the days of the week used.  Under this system,  members can
select vacations according to their schedules, space needs, available inventory,
and available points.  Members' unused points are typically  automatically saved
for one year  beyond  the year they were  allotted,  subject  to  certain  usage
restrictions.  Members also  typically  may "borrow"  points from the next year,
subject to certain  restrictions  and pre-payment of owner's  maintenance  fees.
Since  January  2004,  all of our sales  offices  have only sold VOIs within our
Bluegreen  Vacation Club system,  although all but one of our sales offices have
been selling the points product since 2000.

The  owners  of  VOIs  manage  the  property  through  a  nonprofit  homeowners'
association, that is governed by a board of directors or trustees, consisting of
representatives  of the  developer  (so long as the  developer  owns VOIs in the
resort) and owners of VOIs at the resort.  The board hires a management  company
to which it delegates many of the rights and responsibilities of the homeowners'
association, including grounds landscaping, security, housekeeping and operating
supplies,  garbage  collection,  utilities,  insurance,  laundry and repairs and
maintenance. As of December 31, 2006, we managed 31 resorts, including 26 of the
resorts in the Bluegreen Vacation Club.

Each VOI owner is required to pay the vacation  club  homeowners'  association a
share of all costs of maintaining the properties in the Bluegreen  Vacation Club
system.  These  charges  generally  consist  of an annual  maintenance  fee plus
applicable real estate taxes and special  assessments,  assessed on an as-needed
basis.  If the VOI owner does not pay such charges,  such owner's use rights may
be suspended and the  homeowners'  association may foreclose on the owner's VOI,
subject to our first mortgage lien on the VOI, if any.

Participation in Independent VOI Exchange Networks. We believe that our VOIs are
made more  attractive  by our  affiliation  with an  international  VOI exchange
network such as RCI. All of our VOI resorts are currently  affiliated  with RCI,
and most of our owned resorts have been awarded RCI's highest  designation (Gold
Crown).  A VOI owner's  participation  in the RCI exchange  network  allows such
owner  to  exchange  his  annual  VOI  for  occupancy  at  approximately   3,700
participating  resorts,  based upon  availability  and the payment of a variable
exchange fee. RCI's  participating  resorts are located  throughout the world in
over 100 countries.  A Bluegreen  Vacation Club owner may make a reservation for
occupancy in a club VOI and then may attempt to exchange  this  occupancy  right
for one in another participating RCI resort. The owner lists his occupancy right
as available with RCI and requests  occupancy at another  participating  resort,
indicating the particular  resort or geographic  area to which the owner desires
to travel, the size of the unit desired and the period during which occupancy is
desired.  The exchange  network assigns ratings to each listed VOI, based upon a
number of factors,  including the location and size of the unit,  the quality of
the resort and the period  during  which the VOI is  available,  and attempts to
satisfy the exchange request by providing an


                                                                               5
<PAGE>

occupancy right in another VOI with a similar rating. If the exchange network is
unable to meet the member's initial  request,  it suggests  alternative  resorts
based on availability.  If the owner consummates the exchange,  they are charged
an exchange fee by RCI. No assurance can be given that our resorts will continue
to qualify for  participation in international  exchange  networks,  or that our
customers will continue to be satisfied with these networks.  Our failure or the
failure of any of our resorts to participate in qualified  exchange  networks or
the  failure  of such  networks  to  operate  effectively  could have a material
adverse  effect  on us.  In 2006,  only  14.4% of our  owners  utilized  the RCI
exchange network.

Bluegreen Communities

Bluegreen  Communities  operates  within a specialized  niche of the real estate
industry, which focuses on the sale of residential homesites to retail customers
who  typically  intend to build a home on such  homesites  at some  point in the
future. The participants in this market are generally individual  landowners who
are  selling  specific  parcels  of  property  and  small  developers  who focus
primarily on projects in their region.

Unlike commercial  homebuilders who focus on vertical  development,  such as the
construction  of  single  and   multi-family   housing   structures,   Bluegreen
Communities  focuses  primarily on horizontal  development  activities,  such as
grading,  roads and utilities.  As a result,  the projects  undertaken by us are
significantly  less  capital  intensive  than  those  generally   undertaken  by
commercial homebuilders. We believe that our market is also the beneficiary of a
number of trends,  including the large number of people  entering into the 40 to
59 year old age bracket and the economic and population growth in certain of our
primary markets.

Bluegreen  Communities also focuses on the development of daily-fee golf courses
and related  amenities as the  centerpieces of certain of our  residential  land
communities.  As of December  31,  2006,  we were  marketing  homesites  in five
communities  that include golf courses  developed either by us or third parties.
We currently intend to acquire and develop  additional golf  communities,  as we
believe  that  the  demographics  and   marketability  of  such  properties  are
consistent  with  our  overall  residential  land  strategy.   Golf  communities
typically  are larger,  multi-phase  properties  that require a greater  capital
commitment  than our  single-phase  residential  land  projects,  but which also
typically  realize higher gross margins.  There can be no assurance that we will
be able to successfully implement our golf community strategy.

Bluegreen  Communities also undertakes the development of large lakes in certain
of our  projects  as the  centerpiece  amenity.  We  believe  that  while  these
development  activities  require a greater capital commitment than certain other
amenities  that  we  may  provide  in  our  communities,  we  benefit  from  the
anticipated increased marketability and pricing of lakefront homesites.

Company Products

Bluegreen Resorts

Set  forth  below  is a  description  of each of our  owned  vacation  ownership
resorts.  We consider  resorts "owned" if we acquired or developed a significant
number  of the  VOIs  associated  with the  resorts,  even if we no  longer  own
substantial  VOIs in the resorts.  Units at most of the properties  have certain
standard amenities,  including a full kitchen,  at least two televisions,  a VCR
and a CD  player.  Some  units  have  additional  amenities,  such as big screen
televisions,  DVD players,  fireplaces,  whirlpool  tubs and video game systems.
Most properties offer guests a clubhouse (with an indoor or outdoor pool, a game
room, exercise facilities and a lounge) and a hotel-type staff. We manage all of
our owned resorts, either directly or through a subcontract,  with the exception
of the Casa Del Mar Beach  Resort.  The Casa Del Mar Beach  Resort is managed by
The Amber Group, Inc., an unaffiliated third party that managed the resort prior
to our acquisition of Casa Del Mar's unsold VOI inventory in 2003.

Florida

Daytona  SeaBreeze--  Daytona  Beach  Shores,  Florida.  This 80-unit  resort is
located  on  the  "World's  Most  Famous  Beach."   Amenities   include  private
ocean-front  balconies, a heated outdoor swimming pool, a children's pool, a hot
tub, a fitness  center,  barbeque grill area and a game room. The resort is on a
barrier  island  less than six miles long and is located  near the  world-famous
Daytona International Speedway and DAYTONA USA(R).

The  Hammocks  at  Marathon--  Marathon,  Florida.  The  Hammocks at Marathon is
located  in the  Florida  Keys  within  easy  reach of both  Miami and Key West,
Florida.  This 58-unit  beachfront  resort offers such amenities as a pool, boat
slips,  an outside  tiki bar and a variety of water sport  recreational  vehicle
rentals.


                                                                               6
<PAGE>

The Fountains-- Orlando, Florida. This 54-acre resort is located on Lake Eve and
is minutes away from Central Florida's family attractions, including Walt Disney
World(R),  SeaWorld(R) and Universal  Studios(R).  Amenities include a clubhouse
with a heated  indoor/outdoor  swimming pool, a pool bar, a massage room,  steam
and sauna rooms, a family activity room, a tennis court and a basketball  court.
When fully developed, we anticipate that the Fountains will include 752 units.

Orlando's  Sunshine  Resort--  Orlando,  Florida.  Orlando's  Sunshine Resort is
located on  International  Drive,  near  Wet'n'Wild(R)  water park and Universal
Studios  Florida(R).  This 90-unit property features an outdoor swimming pool, a
hot tub and tennis courts.

Casa Del Mar Beach  Resort--  Ormond Beach,  Florida.  Casa del Mar is a 43-unit
resort located  directly on the ocean and includes an outdoor pool and miniature
golf. In nearby  Daytona  Beach,  Florida guests can drive on the beach or visit
the Daytona International Speedway.

Grande Villas at World Golf Village-- St. Augustine,  Florida.  Grande Villas is
located  approximately  30 minutes away from the Atlantic  Ocean and next to the
World  Golf  Hall of  Fame(R).  This  resort  features  an  extensive  array  of
amenities,  including a golf course (separately owned and operated; separate fee
required),  outdoor  and  indoor  swimming  pools,  a hot  tub,  a  sauna  and a
playground. When fully developed we anticipate that this resort will include 227
units.

Solara Surfside-- Surfside,  Florida.  This 58-unit oceanfront resort is located
in Surfside,  Florida,  near Miami Beach.  Solara Surfside captures the art deco
style of its surrounding area and features one- and two-bedroom  vacation homes,
a swimming pool, a sun deck and a hot tub.

Michigan

Mountain  Run at Boyne--  Boyne  Falls,  Michigan.  Boyne  Mountain is known for
skiing,  snowboarding  and tubing on more than 50 runs with  convenient lift and
trail systems.  In the summer,  Boyne Mountain offers golf on nearby world-class
courses  designed by some of the game's masters,  including  Robert Trent Jones,
Arthur Hills, Donald Ross and others.  Mountain Run has 104 units. Amenities for
Winter and Summer use are separately owned and operated.

Missouri

The Falls Village-- Branson, Missouri. The Falls Village is located in the Ozark
Mountains. Fishing, boating and swimming are available at nearby Table Rock Lake
and Lake Taneycomo,  and area theaters  feature shows by renowned  country music
stars.  Most resort  guests come from areas within an eight to ten hour drive of
Branson.  When fully developed,  we anticipate that this resort will include 219
units.

Bluegreen  Wilderness  Club at Big Cedar--  Ridgedale,  Missouri.  The Bluegreen
Wilderness Club at Big Cedar is a wilderness-themed resort adjacent to the world
famous Big Cedar Lodge luxury hotel resort.  This vacation  ownership  resort is
being  developed,  marketed and sold by Bluegreen/Big  Cedar  Vacations,  LLC, a
joint venture between Big Cedar, LLC and us, in which we own a 51% interest. The
resort is located on Table Rock Lake, and is near Dogwood Canyon. Guests staying
in the two-bedroom cabins or one- and two-bedroom lodge villas enjoy fireplaces,
private balconies,  full kitchens and Internet access. Amenities include, or are
expected  to include  indoor and  outdoor  swimming  pools and hot tubs,  a lazy
river, hiking trails, a campfire area, a beach and playground.  Guests also have
access to certain of the luxury amenities at the Big Cedar Lodge,  including the
Jack  Nicklaus  Signature  Top of the Rock Par  Three  Golf  Course,  a  marina,
horseback riding,  tennis courts and a spa. When fully developed,  we anticipate
that this resort will include 324 units.

Pennsylvania

The Suites at Hershey-- Hershey, Pennsylvania.  This 3.2-acre, 79 unit resort is
located near HersheyPark(R) and Hershey's(R)  Chocolate World. Amenities include
an outdoor  swimming pool, a hot tub, a playground,  a picnic area with barbeque
grills, a game room, a fitness center and indoor basketball courts.

South Carolina

The Lodge  Alley  Inn--  Charleston,  South  Carolina.  Located in  Charleston's
historic  district,  The Lodge Alley Inn includes one- and  two-bedroom  suites,
many  furnished  with an equipped  kitchen,  a living room with a  fireplace,  a
dining room, a whirlpool bath, pine wood floors and 18th century-style furniture
reproductions.  This  90-unit  resort,


                                                                               7
<PAGE>

which features the on-site High Cotton restaurant, is within walking distance of
many of Charleston's historical sites, open-air markets and art galleries.

Carolina Grande-- Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. This 118 unit, 20-story tower is
located  across the street from the beach.  An  arrangement  with The Carolinian
Beach Resort  offers guests an  accessible  breezeway  directly to the beach and
other  amenities,  including  indoor and outdoor  swimming pools, hot tubs, full
kitchens,  washers and  dryers,  and views of the ocean and city from each room.
The resort is located near the Pavilion  Amusement  Park,  NASCAR(R)  SpeedPark,
Broadway  at  the  BeachSM  (a  350-acre  complex  featuring  approximately  100
specialty shops, 20 restaurants, 15 attractions and 10 nightclubs), Myrtle Waves
Water Park, Carolina Opry, Dixie Stampede and the Convention Center.

Harbour Lights-- Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.  Harbour Lights is located in the
Fantasy Harbour  Complex in the center of Myrtle Beach.  Nearby are Theater Row,
shopping, golf courses and restaurants. The resort's activities center overlooks
the Intracoastal Waterway.  When fully developed, we anticipate that this resort
will include 356 units.

SeaGlass Tower-- Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. The SeaGlass Tower is a 19-story,
144 unit mirrored tower located directly on the beach in Myrtle Beach. Amenities
include balconies, fully equipped kitchens, whirlpool baths and other amenities,
including an indoor and two outdoor  swimming  pools, a hot tub, and two saunas.
SeaGlass  Tower is located near the  Pavilion  Amusement  Park,  Broadway at the
BeachSM,  Myrtle Beach  Convention  Center,  and the Myrtle Beach  International
Airport.

Shore Crest Vacation  Villas-- North Myrtle Beach,  South Carolina.  Shore Crest
Vacation  Villas,  consisting of two  multi-stored  towers and consisting of 240
units,  is located on the beach in the Windy Hill section of North Myrtle Beach,
a mile from the famous Barefoot  Landing,  featuring its restaurants,  theaters,
shops and outlet stores.

Tennessee

MountainLoft--  Gatlinburg,  Tennessee.  MountainLoft  is located near the Great
Smoky  Mountains  National  Park and is minutes from the family  attractions  of
Pigeon Forge,  Tennessee.  Units are located in  individual  chalets or mid-rise
villa buildings.  Each unit is fully furnished with a whirlpool bath and private
balconies;  and certain units include gas fireplaces.  When fully developed,  we
anticipate that this resort will include 414 units.

Laurel Crest-- Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.  Laurel Crest is located in proximity to
the Great  Smoky  Mountains  National  Park and the  Dollywood  theme  park.  In
addition,  visitors to Pigeon Forge can enjoy over 200 factory outlet stores and
music  shows  featuring  renowned  country  music  stars as well as partake in a
variety of outdoor activities, such as horseback riding, trout fishing, boating,
golfing and white water rafting.  When fully developed,  we anticipate that this
resort will include 202 units.

Virginia

Shenandoah  Crossing--  Gordonsville,   Virginia.   Shenandoah  Crossing,  which
currently  includes 162 units,  features an 18-hole golf course  (which is owned
and operated by an unaffiliated third party), indoor and outdoor swimming pools,
tennis courts, horseback riding trails and a lake for fishing and boating.

Wisconsin

Christmas  Mountain  Village--  Wisconsin Dells,  Wisconsin.  Christmas Mountain
Village,  offers a 27-hole golf course and seven ski trails  served by two chair
lifts.  Other on-site  amenities  include  horseback  riding,  tennis courts,  a
five-acre lake with  paddleboats  and rowboats and four outdoor  swimming pools.
This resort attracts customers primarily from the greater Chicago area and other
locations  within an eight to ten hour  drive of  Wisconsin  Dells.  When  fully
developed, we anticipate that this resort will include 361 units.

Aruba

La Cabana Beach & Racquet Club--  Oranjestad,  Aruba.  La Cabana Beach & Racquet
Club is a 449-suite ocean front resort that offers one-, two- and  three-bedroom
suites,  garden suites and penthouse  accommodations.  On-site amenities include
racquetball,  squash,  two pools and private  beach  cabanas,  none of which are
owned by us.

The following table describes the relative size, stage of development and amount
of remaining  inventory at each of our owned resorts.  Although all inventory is
sold as VOIs, we disclose the size and inventory  information in terms of


                                                                               8
<PAGE>

number of vacation homes for ease of comparability between our resorts and those
of other  companies in the industry.  "Vacation  homes" are  individual  lodging
units (e.g., condominium-style apartments, town homes, cabins, etc.).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          The                          Orlando's
                                                         Daytona        Hammocks        The            Sunshine      Casa Del Mar
Resort                                                  SeaBreeze     at Marathon      Fountains        Resort       Beach Resort
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      Daytona Beach                                                      Ormond
                                                         Shores,        Marathon,       Orlando,        Orlando,         Beach,
Location                                                   FL              FL              FL              FL              FL
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year acquired (1)                                          2005           2003            2003            1997            2003
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>             <C>
Number of vacation homes
 completed                                                   80             58             382              90              43
Number of vacation homes
 under construction                                          --             --              91              --              --
Number of future vacation
 homes (2)                                                   --             --             279              --              --
Total current and future vacation
 homes                                                       80             58             752              90              43
Percentage of total current and
 future vacation homes sold (3)                              73%            87%             54%             99%             85%
Estimated remaining life-of-project
 sales (in millions) (4)                                  $12.9          $10.5          $339.4            $6.3            $3.9

<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                       Bluegreen
                                                       Grande Villas     Solara                                        Wilderness
                                                       at World Golf    Surfside        Mountain       The Falls      Club at Big
Resort                                                    Village        Resort       Run at Boyne      Village          Cedar
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      St. Augustine,    Surfside,     Boyne Falls,      Branson,       Ridgedale,
Location                                                    FL              FL             MI              MO              MO
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year acquired (1)                                          2003            2001           2002            1997            2000
<S>                                                      <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>
Number of vacation homes
 completed                                                   92             58             104             144             249
Number of vacation homes
 under construction                                          60             --              --               9              --
Number of future vacation
 homes (2)                                                   75             --              --              66              75
Total current and future vacation
 homes                                                      227             58             104             219             324
Percentage of total current and
 future vacation homes sold (3)                              36%            99%             72%             49%             45%
Estimated remaining life-of-project
 sales (in millions) (4)                                 $139.9           $6.8           $15.1          $102.3          $123.0
</TABLE>


                                                                               9
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       The Suites at       The Lodge         Carolina           Harbour           SeaGlass
Resort                                    Hershey          Alley Inn          Grande             Lights             Tower
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          Hershey,        Charleston,      Myrtle Beach,      Myrtle Beach,     Myrtle Beach,
Location                                     PA                SC               SC                 SC                SC
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year acquired (1)                           2004              1998             2005               1997              2005
<S>                                         <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Number of vacation homes
 completed                                     79                90               118               252               144
Number of vacation homes
 under construction                            --                --                --                --                --
Number of future vacation
 homes (2)                                     --                --                --               104                --
Total current and future vacation
 homes                                         79                90               118               356               144
Percentage of total current and
 future vacation homes sold (3)                71%               96%               78%               86%                4%
Estimated remaining life-of-project
 sales(in millions) (4)                     $18.4             $ 2.3             $19.5             $89.0             $81.9

<CAPTION>
                                          Shore Crest                                                            Christmas
                                           Vacation          Mountain          Laurel          Shenandoah        Mountain
Resort                                      Villas             Loft             Crest           Crossing          Village
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         North Myrtle                                                           Wisconsin
                                            Beach,         Gatlinburg,      Pigeon Forge,    Gordonsville,        Dells,
Location                                      SC                TN               TN                VA               WI
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year acquired (1)                            1996              1994              1995             1997               1997
<S>                                          <C>              <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>
Number of vacation homes
 completed                                    240               284               152               162               309
Number of vacation homes
 under construction                            --                --                --                --                --
Number of future vacation
 homes (2)                                     --               130                50               100                52
Total current and future vacation
 homes                                        240               414               202               262               361
Percentage of total current and
 future vacation homes sold (3)                94%               37%               65%               60%               68%
Estimated remaining life-of-project
 sales(in millions) (4)                      $8.8             $252.6            $64.1            $115.1            $183.9
</TABLE>


                                                                              10
<PAGE>

                                                 La Cabana
                                                 Beach and
Resort                                         Racquet Club
                                              --------------
                                                Oranjestad,
Location                                           Aruba
                                              --------------
Year acquired (1)                                  1997

Number of vacation homes
 completed                                          449
Number of vacation homes
 under construction                                  --
Number of future vacation homes (2)                  --
Total current and future vacation
 homes                                              449
Percentage of total current and
 future vacation homes sold (3)                      94%
Estimated remaining life-of-project
 sales(in millions) (4)                           $21.0

      (1)   Year that we first  acquired  the land to develop each resort or the
            year we first acquired existing VOIs at each resort, as applicable.

      (2)   Number of vacation homes that can be developed at each resort in the
            future.  We  cannot  provide  any  assurance  that we will  have the
            resources, or will decide to commence or complete the development of
            any of these future  vacation  homes or that the resulting VOIs will
            be sold at favorable prices.

      (3)   This is the  portion  of each  resort  that  has been  sold  through
            December  31,  2006,  including  sales  made by prior  owners of the
            resorts,  if applicable.  The unsold portion includes vacation homes
            that are either completed,  under  construction or subject to future
            development.

      (4)   Estimated remaining  life-of-project  sales as of December 31, 2006.
            This table excludes VOI inventory  that we own at several  non-owned
            resorts   ("Miscellaneous   Inventory").   The  aggregate  estimated
            remaining  life-of-project sales for our Miscellaneous  Inventory as
            of December 31, 2006 was $16.0  million or less than 1% of Bluegreen
            Resorts' estimated remaining  life-of-project sales. This table also
            excludes  the  estimated  life-of-project  sales at the 2006  resort
            acquisitions as discussed below.  There is no assurance that we will
            realize the estimated remaining life-of-project sales.

The table  excludes  acquisitions  of  property  for future  vacation  ownership
resorts  made during 2006  including  properties  in  Newland,  North  Carolina;
Williamsburg,  Virginia; Las Vegas, Nevada, and Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin, (the
"2006 Resort  Acquisitions").  Occupancy is expected following the completion of
construction and development  activities at each of these resorts. The aggregate
estimated remaining life-of-project sales for our 2006 Resort Acquisitions as of
December  31,  2006 was $1.2  billion  or 41% of  Bluegreen  Resorts'  estimated
remaining life-of-project sales.

Each of our resorts has property and casualty insurance coverage. In the case of
our completed resorts, or builder's risk insurance,  in the case of resorts that
are under  construction.  In addition,  we, or general  contractors hired by us,
purchase  performance  bonds if required by the local  jurisdictions in which we
develop our resorts.  There is no assurance that insurance will remain available
on attractive terms, at acceptable prices, or at all.

Bluegreen Communities

Described  below  are  the  communities  with  the  most  significant  estimated
remaining life-of-project sales marketed by Bluegreen Communities as of December
31, 2006.

North Carolina

Chapel  Ridge--  Chatham  County,  North  Carolina.  In July 2004,  we  acquired
approximately  800 acres of land centrally  located between Chapel  Hill/Durham,
Cary/Apex,  Sanford/Siler  City and the Triad  areas in  Chatham  County,  North
Carolina  for $5.5  million.  Amenities at this golf  community  will include an
18-hole Fred Couples Signature Golf Course, a clubhouse and conservation  areas.
The golf course and  clubhouse  will be owned by us and


                                                                              11
<PAGE>

operated on a daily-fee basis. General improvements relative to the homesites at
Chapel  Ridge  being  performed  by us  include  in most  cases,  water,  sewer,
electric, telephone and cable television utilities as well as selective homesite
clearing.  We began selling homesites at Chapel Ridge in July 2004. During 2006,
we acquired 242 acres of land as an addition to Chapel  Ridge for $7.4  million.
Sales at this addition began in March of 2007.

Texas

Mystic  Shores--  Canyon Lake,  Texas.  We acquired 6,966 acres located 25 miles
north of San Antonio,  Texas in October 1999 for $14.9 million.  On May 5, 2000,
we purchased an additional 435 acres for $2.7 million. The community is expected
to include approximately 2,400 homesites,  ranging in size from one to 20 acres.
Mystic  Shores is  situated  on  Canyon  Lake and is in close  proximity  to the
Guadeloupe River, which is well known for fishing, rafting and water sports. The
property also  features a junior  Olympic  swimming  pool,  bathhouse,  open-air
pavilion and picnic area.  General  improvements  on homesites at Mystic  Shores
performed by us included,  in most cases, water and selective homesite clearing,
while some  sections  of the  community  also  include  electric  and  telephone
utilities. We began selling homesites at Mystic Shores in March 2000.

Lake Ridge at Joe Pool Lake-- Cedar Hill, Texas. We acquired 1,400 acres located
approximately  19 miles  outside of Dallas,  Texas and 30 miles  outside of Fort
Worth,  Texas,  in April 1994 for $6.1  million.  In fiscal 2000, we acquired an
additional  1,766 acres for $14.9  million.  The property is located at Joe Pool
Lake and is atop the highest  elevation  within 100 miles.  The lake, which is a
public  recreation  areas,  has in excess of 7,500  acres of water for  boating,
fishing,  windsurfing and other water activities.  Adjacent amenities,  also not
owned by us, include a 154-acre park with baseball,  football and soccer fields,
camping  areas and an 18-hole golf course.  The existing  acreage is expected to
yield  approximately  2,530 homesites,  with most homesites ranging in size from
1/4 to five acres. General improvements on the homesites at Lake Ridge performed
by us include,  in most  cases,  water,  sewer,  electric,  telephone  and cable
television  utilities as well as selective homesite  clearing.  We began selling
homesites at Lake Ridge at Joe Pool Lake in April 1994.

King Oaks-- College  Station,  Texas.  In September 2006, we acquired a 953-acre
parcel in College Station, Texas, located northwest of Houston for $3.1 million.
The property is expected to be developed  into a community  with 432  homesites.
General  improvements  on the  homesites  at King  Oaks  being  performed  by us
include,  in most  cases,  water and sewer,  utilities  and  selective  homesite
clearing. We began selling homesites at King Oaks in November 2006.

The Bridges at Preston  Crossing--  Grayson  County,  Texas.  In March 2006,  we
acquired  1,580-acres  for a planned golf  community in Grayson  County,  Texas,
located  just  outside  of Dallas,  for $26.1  million.  Amenities  at this golf
community are expected to include an 18-hole Fred Couples Signature Golf Course,
a clubhouse and conservation  areas. The golf course and clubhouse will be owned
by us and operated on a daily-fee basis.  General  improvements  relative to the
homesites at The Bridges at Preston  Crossing being performed by us include,  in
most cases, water, sewer, electric,  telephone and cable television utilities as
well as selective homesite  clearing.  We began selling homesites at The Bridges
at Preston Crossing in September 2006.

Saddle  Creek   Forest--   Magnolia,   Texas.   In  January  2005,  we  acquired
approximately  1,053 acres of land located  near  Houston,  Texas in  Montgomery
County for $2.7  million.  Saddle  Creek  Forest  features  464 heavily  wooded,
private lake and  creekside  homesites,  ranging in size from one to five acres.
General  improvements on the homesites at Saddle Creek Forest being performed by
us include,  in most cases,  water and sewer  utilities and  selective  homesite
clearing.  We began sales of homesites at Saddle Creek Forest in August 2005. We
also  acquired  130 acres in April 2006 for $0.7  million  for a new  section of
Saddle Creek Forest, to be called Legacy Oaks in Magnolia, TX.

Havenwood at Hunter's Crossing-- New Braunfels,  Texas. In July 2005 we acquired
approximately  1,263  acres of land with  convenient  access  to Austin  and San
Antonio,  Texas in Comal County,  Texas for $7.5 million.  This gated  community
offers  premium  hilltop  homesites on one to three acres of land.  Havenwood at
Hunter's Crossing features dense oaks and stunning views of the surrounding Hill
Country. General improvements on the homesites at Havenwood at Hunter's Crossing
being performed by us include, in most cases, water, sewer, electric,  telephone
and cable television utilities as well as selective homesite clearing.  We began
sales of homesites at Havenwood at Hunter's Crossing in January 2006.

Vintage Oak at the Vineyard-- New Braunfels, Texas. In April 2006, we acquired a
3,300-acre  parcel in New  Braunfels,  Texas,  which is located just outside San
Antonio, for $27.3 million.  Amenities at this community are expected to include
walking  trails,  a large pool complex and a park.  General  improvements on the
homesites at Vintage Oaks being  performed by us include,  in most cases,  water
and sewer utilities and selective homesite clearing.  We began selling homesites
at Vintage Oaks in October 2006.


                                                                              12
<PAGE>

SugarTree on the Brazos--  Parker County,  Texas.  In November 2004, we acquired
approximately 429 acres of land located near Fort Worth, Texas in Parker County,
Texas for $4.3 million.  SugarTree on the Brazos is surrounded by a championship
golf  course  (separately  owned) and is nestled  along the shores of the Brazos
River. Amenities at this community are expected to include a swimming center and
clubhouse.  General  improvements  on the  homesites  at SugarTree on the Brazos
being  performed by us include,  in most cases,  water and sewer  utilities  and
selective  homesite  clearing.  We began sales of homesites at this community in
March 2005.

The  following  table  provides  additional  information  about the  significant
Bluegreen Communities projects listed above:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Chapel               Mystic          Lake Ridge at
Community                                                 Ridge               Shores          Joe Pool Lake       King Oaks
                                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Chatham            Canyon Lake,        Cedar Hill,         College
Location                                               County, NC               TX                  TX           Station, TX
                                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year acquired (1)                                         2004                 1999                1994              2006
<S>                                                      <C>                   <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Total acreage                                            1,040                 7,401               3,166               953
Number of homesites anticipated (2)                        779                 2,328               2,451               432
Percentage of anticipated homesites sold (3)                69%                   81%                 88%                3%
Estimated remaining life-of-project sales
(in millions) (4)                                        $33.9                 $36.0               $42.7             $28.5

<CAPTION>
                                                                                               Havenwood at       Vintage Oaks
                                                     The Bridges at        Saddle Creek          Hunter's            at the
Community                                           Preston Crossing          Forest             Crossing           Vineyard
                                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    Grayson County,          Magnolia,         New Braunfels,          New
Location                                                  TX                    TX                   TX          Braunfels, TX
                                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year acquired (1)                                         2006                  2005                 2005              2006
<S>                                                      <C>                   <C>                  <C>               <C>
Total acreage                                            1,580                 1,053                1,263             3,300
Number of homesites anticipated (2)                      2,007                   544                  679             2,019
Percentage of anticipated homesites sold (3)                 3%                   63%                  31%                5%
Estimated remaining life-of-project sales
(in millions) (4)                                        $165.4                $12.3                $34.4             $142.0

<CAPTION>
                                                       SugarTree on
Community                                               the Brazos
                                                      --------------
                                                      Parker County,
Location                                                    TX
                                                      --------------
Year acquired (1)                                        2004
<S>                                                     <C>
Total acreage                                             429
Number of homesites anticipated (2)                       346
Percentage of anticipated homesites sold (3)               41%
Estimated remaining life-of-project sales
(in millions) (4)                                       $12.2

</TABLE>

      (1)   Year that we first acquired the land to commence development of each
            community. Certain communities were acquired in phases.

      (2)   Number of homesites  anticipated  within each  community.  We cannot
            provide  any  assurance  that we will  have the  resources,  or will
            decide,  to develop such homesites at each community,  that required
            platting  and other  approvals  will be  obtained  to  develop  such
            homesites or that such homesites will be sold at favorable prices.

      (3)   This  is  the  percentage  of  anticipated  homesites  sold  through
            December 31, 2006.


                                                                              13
<PAGE>

      (4)   Estimated remaining  life-of-project  sales as of December 31, 2006.
            This table excludes  additional projects currently being marketed by
            Bluegreen   Communities  with  an  aggregate   estimated   remaining
            life-of-project  sales as of December 31, 2006 of $21.4 million,  or
            approximately 4% of Bluegreen  Communities total estimated remaining
            life-of-project  sales.  There is no assurance  that we will realize
            the estimated remaining life-of-project sales.

While there may be limits on the amount of insurance available and some policies
have significant deductibles,  we believe that each of our Bluegreen Communities
properties  is  adequately  covered  by  builder's  risk  insurance  during  the
construction  period or  property  and  casualty  insurance  for our owned  golf
amenities  and  homesites  that  are  held  in our  inventory  prior  to sale to
consumers.  Once a homesite is sold,  the  consumer  assumes the risk of loss on
such homesite.  In addition,  the applicable  property owners' association bears
the risk of loss on any common  amenities  at each  project  and carries its own
insurance on such property.

We also purchase performance bonds in connection with the development of most of
our  communities,  in  order  to  provide  assurance  to  homesite  buyers  that
construction of the community will be completed.  We believe that our ability to
obtain such performance bonds assists us in our pre-construction sales efforts.

Acquisition of Bluegreen Resorts and Bluegreen Communities Inventory

Bluegreen Resorts

We intend  to  continue  to pursue  growth by  expanding  or  supplementing  our
existing resorts operations through acquisitions in destinations that we believe
will  complement  such  operations.  We may consider  acquiring  additional  VOI
inventory,  operating companies,  management contracts,  VOI mortgage portfolios
and properties or other vacation ownership-related assets that may be integrated
into our operations.

We obtain information with respect to resort acquisition  opportunities  through
interaction by our management team with resort operators,  lodging companies and
financial institutions with which we have established business relationships. We
evaluate the following  factors,  among others,  to determine the viability of a
potential new vacation ownership resort:

o     attractiveness of the market as a source of incremental sales;

o     anticipated supply/demand ratio for VOIs in the relevant market;

o     the market's potential growth as a vacation destination;

o     competitive accommodation alternatives in the market;

o     the  uniqueness  of  location  and demand  for the  location  by  existing
      Bluegreen Vacation Club members;

o     barriers to entry that would limit competition; and

o     we believe will result in an acceptable  profit margin and cash flow to us
      based upon anticipated retail value.

Bluegreen Communities

Bluegreen Communities seeks to acquire property that:

o     is located  near a major  population  center but outside the  perimeter of
      intense subdivision development or in popular retirement areas;

o     is suitable for subdivision;

o     has attractive topographical features;

o     for  certain  projects,  could  accommodate  a  golf  course  and  related
      amenities; and

o     we believe will result in an acceptable  profit margin and cash flow to us
      based upon anticipated retail value.

Communities are generally  subdivided for sale into homesites  typically ranging
in size from 1/4 acre to five acres.


                                                                              14
<PAGE>

In connection with our review of potential Bluegreen Communities  inventory,  we
consider  economic  conditions  in the  area in which  the  parcel  is  located,
environmental  sensitivity,  availability of financing,  whether the property is
consistent  with  our  general  policies  and the  anticipated  ability  of that
property to produce  acceptable  profit  margins  and cash flow.  As part of our
long-term strategy for Bluegreen Communities, in recent years we have focused on
fewer,  more  capital-intensive  communities.  We  intend to  continue  to focus
Bluegreen  Communities  on those  regions  where we  believe  the market for our
products is strongest, such as the southeast and southwest regions of the United
States,  and to replenish and increase our  residential  land  inventory in such
regions as existing projects are sold out.

Bluegreen  Communities  has  established  contacts with numerous land owners and
real estate  brokers in many of our market  areas,  and because of such contacts
and our long history of acquiring  properties,  we believe that we are generally
in a favorable position to learn of available  properties,  sometimes before the
availability  of such  properties  is  publicly  known.  In order to ensure such
access,  we attempt to develop  and  maintain  strong  relationships  with major
property owners and brokers in our markets.

Prior to  acquiring  property  in new  areas,  we will  generally  conduct  test
marketing for a prospective  community to determine whether sufficient  customer
demand exists for the community.

By requiring,  in most cases,  that  regulatory  approvals be obtained  prior to
closing and by limiting  the amount of the down  payment upon signing a purchase
agreement,  we are typically able to place a number of properties under contract
without  expending  significant  amounts of cash.  This strategy helps Bluegreen
Communities to reduce:

      o     the time during which it actually owns specific  communities between
            initial acquisition and the ultimate sale;

      o     the market risk associated with holding such communities; and

      o     the risk of acquiring properties that may not be suitable for sale.

Marketing and Sale of Inventory

Bluegreen Resorts

Bluegreen Resorts uses a variety of methods to attract prospective purchasers of
VOIs,  including  selling  discount   mini-vacations  either  face-to-face  with
consumers  we meet in  connection  with various  marketing  alliances or through
telemarketing methods (see further discussion of our marketing alliances below),
placing  marketing  kiosks in retail locations and acquiring the right to market
to prospective  purchasers from third-party  vendors.  In addition to attracting
new customers, we seek additional sales to existing VOI owners ("Upgrades"), and
referrals  of  prospective  purchasers  from  existing  VOI owners  and  others.
Upgrades  involve  relatively  less  marketing  expense and typically  result in
relatively higher operating margins than sales through other marketing channels.
Bluegreen Resorts sometimes  provides hotel  accommodations or accommodations in
one of our resorts to  prospective  purchasers  at reduced rates in exchange for
their touring one of our resorts. To support our marketing and sales efforts, we
have  developed  and work to  continue  to  enhance  our  customer  relationship
management  methods,  techniques  and computer  software  tools to track our VOI
marketing and sales programs.  We believe that as Bluegreen Resorts'  operations
grow, this database will become an increasingly  significant asset,  positioning
us to focus our marketing  and sales  efforts to take  advantage of, among other
things, less costly marketing and referral opportunities.

In recent years,  we have been focusing on increasing  Bluegreen  Resorts use of
"permission"  marketing and branding  programs.  "Permission"  marketing methods
involve   obtaining  the  prospective   purchasers'   permission,   directly  or
indirectly,  to contact  them in the  future  regarding  an offer to  purchase a
product  or  service.  Branding  involves  forming  alliances  with  third-party
entities  that possess what we believe to be a nationally  or  regionally  known
brand name,  a good  reputation  and a customer  base with  similar  demographic
characteristics to our target market.

In June 2000, we entered into an exclusive  marketing  agreement  with Bass Pro,
Inc. ("Bass Pro") and a joint venture with Big Cedar, LLC, a Bass Pro affiliate.
Under the terms of the ten-year agreement,  we have the right to market our VOIs
at each of Bass Pro's retail locations, in Bass Pro's catalogs and on Bass Pro's
website.  We believe that the branding  aspects of this alliance are  consistent
with our overall marketing  strategy for Bluegreen  Resorts.  We compensate Bass
Pro for successful marketing efforts pursuant to our agreement.  No compensation
is paid to Bass Pro on sales made by the Bluegreen  Wilderness Club at Big Cedar
sales office, as this sales office is part of a joint venture between Big Cedar,
LLC,  which is an affiliate of Bass Pro and us. We currently  market  discounted
three-day,  two-night  mini-vacation  packages  at most of Bass  Pro's  national
retail  locations.  Most of these  mini-vacation  packages  require the buyer to
participate in a sales  presentation  at either a Bluegreen  Vacation Club sales
office or the


                                                                              15
<PAGE>

Bluegreen  Wilderness Club at Big Cedar sales office.  We also have an exclusive
VOI marketing presence on Bass Pro's website, which is linked to our website. We
believe that this arrangement results in effective and cost-efficient  marketing
for Bluegreen Resorts.

On June 16, 2000,  we prepaid $9.0  million to Bass Pro in  connection  with the
above marketing agreement. The prepayment was amortized from compensation earned
by Bass Pro and member  distributions  otherwise  payable to Big Cedar, LLC as a
member of the joint  venture  from the  earnings  of the  joint  venture.  As of
December  31,  2005,  the  prepayment  had been fully  utilized.  The  marketing
agreement  expires on the earlier of: (1) June 16, 2010; or (2) such time as 90%
of the joint venture's proposed VOIs have been sold and conveyed.

On  October  2,  2002,  through  our  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Great  Vacation
Destinations,  Inc.  ("GVD"),  we acquired  substantially  all of the assets and
assumed  certain  liabilities  of  TakeMeOnVacation,  LLC  and  certain  of  its
affiliates  ("TMOV").  Utilizing the assets  acquired  from TMOV,  GVD generates
"permission"  marketing  sales leads for VOI sales utilizing  various  marketing
strategies. These leads are then contacted and given the opportunity to purchase
discount mini-vacation  packages.  These packages sometimes combine hotel stays,
cruises  and gift  premiums.  Buyers of these  mini-vacation  packages  are then
usually  required  to  participate  in a VOI  sales  presentation.  GVD seeks to
generate  sales  prospects for our VOI sales  business and,  prior to 2006,  for
sales  prospects  that could be sold to other VOI  developers.  We believe  that
GVD's "permission" marketing lead generation programs and the potential benefits
of tracking and controlling the subsequent marketing efforts are consistent with
Bluegreen Resorts' overall marketing strategy.

Also in October  2002, in connection  with the  acquisition  of certain land and
completed VOIs from Boyne USA Resorts ("Boyne"), we obtained the right to market
the Bluegreen Vacation Club at two of Boyne's resort properties:  Boyne Mountain
and Boyne Highlands.  In addition,  Bluegreen  Resorts entered into an exclusive
marketing  arrangement with an affiliate of Boyne, Boyne Country Sports ("BCS").
BCS owns and  operates  six ski,  snowboard  and golf  equipment  retail  stores
throughout  Michigan.  Bluegreen  Resorts  markets our  vacation  club through a
variety of programs  directed to BCS's customer base,  including lead generation
operations in four of BCS's locations and tour  generation  operations in two of
BCS's  locations.  We believe that these  arrangements  will allow us to benefit
from  marketing to customers  that we believe are within our target  demographic
through an affiliation with a known regional brand.

In 2006, we entered into separate agreements,  with Six Flags, Inc., the world's
largest recreational theme park company, and Cedar Fair Entertainment (successor
to Paramount  Parks),  pursuant to which we market  mini-vacations in certain of
their theme parks.

Our VOI resorts are staffed with sales  representatives,  sales  managers and an
on-site  manager who oversees  the  day-to-day  operations,  all of whom are our
employees. We sponsor ongoing training for our personnel.  During the year ended
December 31, 2006, total selling and marketing expense for Bluegreen Resorts was
$239.8 million or 60% of the division's $399.1 million in sales.

It is our policy to require our sales staff to provide each VOI customer  with a
written disclosure  statement regarding the VOI to be sold prior to the time the
customer signs a purchase agreement. The purpose of this disclosure statement is
to  explain  relevant  information  regarding  VOI  ownership  at the resort and
pursuant to our policies the statement must be signed by every purchaser.  After
deciding to purchase a VOI, a purchaser enters into a purchase  agreement and is
required to pay us a deposit of at least 10% of the  purchase  price (see Note 1
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the impact
of SFAS No.  152 on the  calculations  of the  amount  of the down  payment  for
purposes of generally accepted accounting  principles).  Purchasers are entitled
to cancel purchase  agreements  within required legal  rescission  periods after
execution in  accordance  with  statutory  requirements.  Substantially  all VOI
purchasers  visit one of our resorts or one of our off-site  sales offices prior
to purchasing.

In addition to sales  offices  located at our  resorts,  we also  operate  seven
off-site  sales  offices  serving  the  Atlanta,  Georgia;  Chicago,   Illinois;
Indianapolis, Indiana; Detroit, Michigan; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Dallas, Texas;
and Las Vegas,  Nevada markets.  Our off-site sales offices market and sell VOIs
in the Bluegreen  Vacation  Club,  and allow us to bring our products to markets
with favorable  demographics  and low  competition for  prospective  buyers.  We
continue to evaluate our ongoing  utilization of off-site  sales  operations and
may elect to open new locations or close existing locations in the future.


                                                                              16
<PAGE>

Bluegreen Communities

In general,  as soon as  practicable  after  agreeing to acquire a property  and
during the time period  that  improvements  are being  completed,  we  establish
selling  prices for the  individual  homesites.  In pricing  the  homesites,  we
attempt to take into  account  such  matters as  regional  economic  conditions,
quality as a building site, scenic views,  road frontage,  golf course views (if
applicable) and natural features such as lakes,  mountains,  streams,  ponds and
wooded areas. We also consider  recent sales of comparable  parcels in the area.
Once selling prices are established, we commence our marketing efforts.

The marketing method most widely used by Bluegreen Communities is advertising in
local newspapers and in major newspapers in metropolitan  areas located within a
one to three hour drive from the  community.  In  addition,  we use our customer
relationship  management  system,  which  we  believe  enables  us  to  identify
prospects  that are most  likely to be  interested  in a  particular  community.
Bluegreen  Communities also conducts direct mail campaigns to market communities
through  the  use of  brochures  describing  available  homesites,  as  well  as
television,  billboard,  Internet and radio advertising. A sales representative,
who is knowledgeable  about the community,  answers  inquiries  generated by our
marketing  efforts,  discusses the  community  with the  prospective  purchaser,
attempts to ascertain the purchaser's  needs and arranges an appointment for the
purchaser  to visit the  community.  Substantially  all  prospective  purchasers
inspect a property before purchasing.

The  success of our  marketing  efforts  depends  heavily on the  knowledge  and
experience  of  our  sales  personnel.  We  generally  require  that  all  sales
representatives  walk the community and become knowledgeable about each homesite
and  applicable  zoning,  subdivision  and building code  requirements  prior to
initiating the marketing effort for a community. Continued training programs are
conducted,  including training with regional office sales managers, weekly sales
meetings  and  frequent  site visits by our  executive  officers.  We believe we
enhance our sales and marketing  organization through our Bluegreen Institute, a
mandatory  training  program  that is  designed  to instill  our  marketing  and
customer service philosophy in middle and lower-level management.  Additionally,
the sales staff is evaluated against  performance  standards  established by our
executive officers.  Substantially all of a sales representatives'  compensation
is commission-based.

It is our policy to require our sales staff to provide each prospective homesite
purchaser with a written disclosure  statement regarding the property to be sold
prior to the time such purchaser signs a purchase  agreement.  This  information
statement, which is either in the form of a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development  ("HUD")  lot  information  statement  ("Property  Report"),   where
required, or a "Vital Information  Statement" that we generate,  states relevant
information with respect to, and risks associated with, the property,  a receipt
for which must be signed by each purchaser.

After  deciding  to  purchase a  homesite,  a  purchaser  enters into a purchase
agreement  and is required  to pay us a deposit of at least 10% of the  purchase
price.  Purchasers may cancel purchase agreements within specified periods after
execution in accordance with statutory  requirements.  The closing of a homesite
sale  usually  occurs two to eight  weeks  after  payment of the  deposit.  Upon
closing of a homesite  sale,  we typically  deliver a warranty deed and a recent
survey of the  property to the  purchaser.  Title  insurance is available at the
purchaser's expense.

Customer Financing

General

Sales of VOIs accounted for 71% of consolidated  sales, and approximately 95% of
our VOI  customers  utilized our  financing  during the year ended  December 31,
2006. In recent years,  the  percentage of Bluegreen  Communities  customers who
utilized our financing has been less than 2% of all homesite  purchasers due to,
among other things,  continued willingness on the part of banks to extend direct
homesite financing to purchasers.

We offer  financing to our VOI  customers of up to 90% of the purchase  price of
our VOIs.  The typical  financing  extended by us on a VOI during the year ended
December 31, 2006, provided for a term of 10 years and a fixed interest rate. In
connection with our VOI sales within the Bluegreen Vacation Club, we deliver the
deed on behalf of the  purchasers to the trustee of the vacation club and secure
repayment  of  the  purchaser's  obligation  by  obtaining  a  mortgage  on  the
purchaser's real estate-based VOI.


                                                                              17
<PAGE>

The weighted-average interest rate on our owned notes receivable by division was
as follows:

                                                     As of December 31,
                        Division                   2005              2006
               --------------------------          ----              ----
               Bluegreen Resorts.........          14.8%             14.3%
               Bluegreen Communities.....          10.7%             11.9%
               Consolidated..............          14.6%             14.2%

See  "Sale of  Receivables/Pledging  of  Receivables,"  below,  for  information
regarding our receivable financing activities.

Loan Underwriting

Bluegreen Resorts

Our VOI financing is not subject to any significant loan underwriting  criteria,
a  characteristic  typically  shared with subprime  loans.  Currently,  customer
financing on sales of VOIs typically  requires the  following:  (1) receipt of a
minimum down payment of 10% of the purchase  price;  (2) a note and mortgage (or
deed of trust);  and, (3) other  closing  documents  between the  purchaser  and
ourselves.  We encourage  purchasers  to make higher down payments by offering a
lower interest rate. In addition,  purchasers who do not elect to participate in
our pre-authorized checking payment plan are charged interest at a rate which is
1% greater than the otherwise  prevailing rate, where allowed by applicable laws
and  regulations.  As of December 31, 2006,  approximately  82% of our VOI notes
receivable serviced were on our pre-authorized payment plan.

In  connection  with  one  of  our  vacation  ownership   receivables   purchase
facilities, we are required to obtain a Fair Isaac Corporation score ("FICO(R)")
on the obligors for the  receivables  we sell.  The median FICO(R) score for the
obligors  whose  notes  were  sold in this  facility  for the two  latest  sales
(totaling  $49.6 million in aggregate  principle sold) in 2006 was 665 for those
obligors with a FICO(R) score. We believe that there was no adverse selection in
determining  which  loans  to sell in these  portfolios;  however,  this  median
FICO(R) score may differ, perhaps materially,  from the median FICO(R) score for
our entire portfolio, which is unknown.

Bluegreen Communities

At Bluegreen  Communities,  we have established loan  underwriting  criteria and
procedures  designed to reduce  credit  losses.  The loan  underwriting  process
undertaken by our credit department may include reviewing the applicant's credit
history  and for  credit  score,  verifying  employment  and  income  as well as
calculating certain debt-to-income ratios. The primary focus of our underwriting
review is to determine the  applicant's  ability to repay the loan in accordance
with our terms.

Collection Policies

Bluegreen Resorts

Financed  sales of VOIs sold through the  Bluegreen  Vacation  Club are affected
using a note and mortgage  arrangement.  Collection efforts in substantially all
cases  and  delinquency   information   concerning   Bluegreen   Resorts'  notes
receivables  are managed at our corporate  headquarters.  A staff of experienced
collectors, assisted by a mortgage collection computer system, handles servicing
of the  division's  receivables.  Our  collectors  are  incentivized  through  a
performance-based  compensation program. We generally make collection efforts to
customers by mail and by telephone.  In addition to telephone contact commencing
at 16 days past due, a 30-day  collection  letter is sent (if a U.S.  resident),
advising such customer that if the loan is not brought current,  the delinquency
will be reported to the credit reporting  agencies.  At 60 days  delinquent,  we
send a lockout letter,  return receipt requested,  to the customer advising that
they  cannot  make any  future  reservations  for  lodging  at a resort.  If the
delinquency  continues  at 90 days past due, we stop the accrual of, and reverse
previously  accrued  but  unpaid,  interest  on the note  receivable  and mail a
"Notice of Intent to Cancel Membership", return receipt requested, which informs
the  customer  that  unless the  delinquency  is cured  within 30 days,  we will
terminate  the  customer's  VOI  ownership.  At this  point,  the account may be
reviewed  by  the  collection  manager  to  determine  if,  in  certain  limited
circumstances,  additional  correspondence  should  be sent  offering  repayment
options.  If the customer fails to respond to the correspondence  with the given
timeframe,  the loan will be defaulted and the  customer's  VOI  terminated.  At
approximately  120  days  delinquent,  we send a  "Termination  Letter",  return
receipt requested. We then resell the VOI to a new purchaser.


                                                                              18
<PAGE>

Bluegreen Communities

Collection efforts and delinquency information concerning Bluegreen Communities'
notes  receivable  are also managed at our  corporate  headquarters.  A staff of
collectors  handles servicing of the division's  receivables.  We generally make
collection  efforts  by mail and  telephone.  Collection  efforts  begin when an
account is sixteen  days past due,  at which time we  contact  the  customer  by
telephone and attempt to determine the reason for the delinquency and to attempt
to bring the account  current.  The  determination of how to handle a delinquent
loan is based upon many factors,  including the customer's  payment  history and
the reason for the current  inability to make timely  payments.  If the customer
does not abide by an  agreed-upon  collection  agreement,  or if no agreement is
reached, collection efforts continue until the account is either brought current
or legal action is commenced.  If not accelerated  sooner,  we typically declare
the loan in default when the loan becomes 60 days  delinquent.  When the loan is
90 days past due, we stop the accrual  of, and  reverse  previously  accrued but
unpaid,  interest  (unless the loan is deemed to be an in-substance  foreclosure
loan, in which case all accrued interest is reversed since our means of recovery
is determined  through the resale of the  underlying  collateral and not through
collection on the note) and the collection manager determines any further action
required to be taken.

Loan Loss Reserves

The  allowance  for  loan  losses  as a  percentage  of  our  outstanding  notes
receivable was approximately 9% at both December 31, 2005 and 2006. We determine
the  adequacy of our  reserve  for loan losses and review it on a regular  basis
considering,   among  other  factors,  historical  frequency  of  default,  loss
experience,  static pool analyses, estimated value of the underlying collateral,
present and expected economic  conditions,  as well as other factors.  Effective
January 1, 2006,  we changed  our  accounting  for loan  losses on our  vacation
ownership notes  receivable in accordance with SFAS No. 152. Under SFAS No. 152,
we estimate  uncollectibles  based on historical  uncollectibles for similar VOI
notes  receivable over the past 10 years (if available).  During the years ended
December  31,  2004,  2005,  and 2006,  the  average  annual  default  rates and
delinquency rates on Bluegreen Resorts' and Bluegreen  Communities'  receivables
owned or serviced by us were as follows:

           Average Annual Default Rates           Year Ended December 31,
           ----------------------------    -------------------------------------

                      Division             2004             2005            2006
           ----------------------------    ----             ----            ----
           Bluegreen Resorts...........    8.5%             8.5%            7.5%
           Bluegreen Communities.......    1.9%             1.9%            1.8%

           Delinquency Rates                        As of December 31,
           ----------------------------    -------------------------------------

                      Division             2004             2005            2006
           ----------------------------    ----             ----            ----
           Bluegreen Resorts...........    6.3%             5.9%            4.0%
           Bluegreen Communities.......    20.2%           12.0%            7.8%

Sales of Receivables/Pledging of Receivables

During the years ended  December  31,  2004,  2005,  and 2006,  all of our notes
receivable sold and the majority of our notes  receivable  pledged  consisted of
notes receivable generated by Bluegreen Resorts.

Since 1986,  we have sold or pledged a  significant  amount of our  receivables,
generally retaining the right and obligation to service such receivables. In the
case of Bluegreen  Communities'  receivables pledged to a financial institution,
we generally  must  maintain a  debt-to-eligible  collateral  rate (based on the
outstanding  principal balance of the pledged loans) of 90%. We are obligated to
pledge additional eligible  receivables or make additional principal payments in
order to maintain this collateralization rate.

Since fiscal 1999, we have maintained  various  vacation  ownership  receivables
purchase  facilities  with  financial  institutions.  Our ability to sell and/or
borrow against our notes  receivable from VOI buyers is a critical factor in our
continued liquidity.  The vacation ownership business involves making sales of a
product  pursuant to which a financed buyer is only required to pay a minimum of
10% of the purchase price up front,  yet selling,  marketing and  administrative
expenses are  primarily  cash  expenses,  which,  in our case for the year ended
December 31, 2006, approximated 60% of sales. Accordingly, having facilities for
the sale and hypothecation of these vacation ownership receivables is a critical
factor to our meeting our short- and long-term cash needs.


                                                                              19
<PAGE>

The vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities that we have historically
maintained have typically utilized an owner's trust structure, pursuant to which
we  sell  receivables  to one  of  our  wholly-owned,  special  purpose  finance
subsidiaries.  These  subsidiaries then sell the receivables to an owner's trust
(a qualified special purpose entity) without recourse to us or our subsidiaries,
except for breaches of certain  representations  and  warranties  at the time of
sale. We  historically  have not entered into any guarantees in connection  with
our vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities. These facilities usually
have detailed  requirements  with respect to the  eligibility of receivables for
purchase and fundings under these  facilities  are typically  subject to certain
conditions precedent.  Under such purchase facilities, a variable purchase price
of a portion  of the  principal  balance  of the  receivables  sold,  subject to
certain  terms and  conditions,  is paid at closing in cash.  The balance of the
purchase  price is deferred  until such time as the  purchaser  of our  vacation
ownership  receivables  has  received  a  specified  return  and all  servicing,
custodial, agent and similar fees and expenses have been paid and as applicable,
a specified over collateralization  ratio is achieved and a cash reserve account
is  fully  funded.  We have  historically  acted  as  servicer  of the  vacation
ownership receivables we have sold under these purchase facilities for a fee.

Our vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities typically include various
conditions to purchase, covenants, trigger events and other provisions customary
for these types of transactions.

Although sales of our  receivables  pursuant to vacation  ownership  receivables
purchase  facilities  have  historically  been deemed  "true sales" from a legal
perspective, the accounting for such transactions could be either as off-balance
sheet sales or as on-balance sheet  borrowings,  depending on the application of
the  requirements of SFAS No. 140. In our disclosures  relative to each vacation
ownership  receivables purchase facility, we indicate how these transactions are
accounted for.

See "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations - Vacation Ownership  Receivables  Purchase  Facilities - Off-Balance
Sheet  Arrangements" for information about our current VOI receivables  purchase
facilities.

Receivables Servicing

Receivables  servicing includes collecting payments from borrowers and remitting
such funds to the owners,  lenders or investors in such receivables,  accounting
for principal and interest on such  receivables,  making advances when required,
contacting delinquent  borrowers,  terminating a membership in our vacation club
in the event that defaults are not remedied, and performing other administrative
duties.  Our obligation to service the receivables and our right to collect fees
for a given pool of receivables are set forth in a servicing agreement.  We have
the obligation and right to service all of the receivables we originate and have
retained the obligation  and right with respect to the  receivables we have sold
under any of our vacation  ownership  receivable  purchase  facilities  to date,
although  in certain  circumstances  the  purchasers  may elect to appoint a new
servicer.  We typically receive an annual servicing fee of approximately 1.5% to
2.0% of the principal balance of the loans serviced on behalf of others.  During
the years ended  December 31, 2004,  2005,  and 2006,  we  recognized  aggregate
servicing  fee  income  of  $2.9  million,   $5.0  million,  and  $7.0  million,
respectively.

Regulation

The vacation  ownership and real estate  industries are subject to extensive and
complex  regulation.  We are subject to compliance with various federal,  state,
local and foreign environmental,  zoning, consumer protection and other statutes
and regulations  regarding the acquisition,  subdivision and sale of real estate
and VOIs and various  aspects of our financing  operations.  On a federal level,
the Federal Trade  Commission  has taken an active  regulatory  role through the
Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or unfair
competition in interstate  commerce.  In addition to the laws  applicable to our
customer  financing  and  other  operations  discussed  below,  we are or may be
subject  to the  Fair  Housing  Act  and  various  other  federal  statutes  and
regulations.  We are also  subject to various  foreign  laws with  respect to La
Cabana Beach and Racquet Club in Oranjestad, Aruba. In addition, there can be no
assurance that in the future,  VOIs will not be deemed to be securities  subject
to regulation as such,  which could have a material  adverse effect on us. There
is no assurance that the cost of complying with  applicable laws and regulations
will not be  significant  or that we are in  compliance  at all  times  with all
applicable  laws,  including those discussed  below.  Any failure to comply with
current or future  applicable laws or regulations  could have a material adverse
effect on us.

Our sales and marketing of homesites are subject to various consumer  protection
laws and to the  Federal  Interstate  Land  Sales  Full  Disclosure  Act,  which
establishes  strict guidelines with respect to the marketing and sale of land in
interstate commerce. HUD has enforcement powers with respect to this statute. In
some instances,  we have been exempt from HUD registration  requirements because
of the size or number of the  subdivided  parcels and the limited


                                                                              20
<PAGE>

nature of our offerings. In those cases where we and our legal counsel determine
parcels must be registered to be sold, we file registration materials disclosing
financial  information  concerning  the  property,   evidence  of  title  and  a
description of the intended manner of offering and advertising such property. We
bear the cost of such  registration,  which includes legal and filing fees. Many
states also have  statutes and  regulations  governing  the sale of real estate.
Consequently, we regularly consult with counsel for assistance in complying with
federal,  state  and  local  law.  We  must  obtain  the  approval  of  numerous
governmental  authorities  for our acquisition  and marketing  activities;  and,
changes  in  local   circumstances   or  applicable  laws  may  necessitate  the
application for, or the modification of, existing approvals.

Our vacation  ownership resorts are subject to various  regulatory  requirements
including state and local approvals.  The laws of most states require us to file
a detailed offering  statement  describing our business and all material aspects
of the project and sale of VOIs with a designated state authority.  Laws in each
state where we sell VOIs,  generally  grant the  purchaser of a VOI the right to
cancel a contract of purchase at any time within a specified  rescission  period
following  the  earlier  of the date the  contract  was  signed  or the date the
purchaser has received the last of the documents  required to be provided by us.
Most states have other laws that regulate our activities, including: real estate
licensure;  sellers of travel licensure;  anti-fraud laws;  telemarketing  laws;
prize,  gift and sweepstakes  laws; and, labor laws. In addition,  certain state
and local laws may impose  liability  on  property  developers  with  respect to
construction  defects  discovered  or  repairs  made by  future  owners  of such
property.  Under  these  laws,  future  owners  may  recover  from us amounts in
connection with the repairs made to the developed property. As required by state
laws, we seek to provide our VOI purchasers with a public  disclosure  statement
that contains,  among other items,  detailed  information  about the surrounding
vicinity,  the resort and the purchaser's rights and obligations as a VOI owner.
The  development  and  management of our resorts is subject to various  federal,
state and local laws and regulations,  including the Americans with Disabilities
Act.

Under various federal,  state and local laws,  ordinances and  regulations,  the
owner  of real  property  generally  is  liable  for the  costs  of  removal  or
remediation  of  certain  hazardous  or toxic  substances  located  on or in, or
emanating  from,  the property,  as well as related costs of  investigation  and
property  damage.  These laws often  impose  such  liability  without  regard to
whether the owner knew of the presence of such  hazardous  or toxic  substances.
The presence of these  substances,  or the failure to properly  remediate  these
substances if they exist,  may adversely  affect the owner's  ability to sell or
lease a property  or to borrow  using the real  property  as  collateral.  Other
federal   and   state   laws   require   the   removal   or   encapsulation   of
asbestos-containing  material when this material is in poor  condition or in the
event of construction,  demolition, remodeling or renovation. Other statutes may
require the removal of underground  storage tanks.  Noncompliance with these and
other  environmental,  health or safety  requirements  may result in the need to
cease or alter operations at a property.

Our customer  financing  activities  are also  subject to extensive  regulation,
which may include:  the  Truth-in-Lending Act and Regulation Z; the Fair Housing
Act; the Fair Debt  Collection  Practices Act; the Equal Credit  Opportunity Act
and Regulation B; the  Electronic  Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E; the Home
Mortgage  Disclosure Act and Regulation C; Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices
and  Regulation  AA; the Patriot Act;  the Right to  Financial  Privacy Act; the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act; and, anti-money laundering laws.

During the year ended December 31, 2006,  approximately 7% of our VOI sales were
generated by marketing to prospective  purchasers  obtained through internal and
affiliated  telemarketing  efforts.  In addition,  approximately  15% of our VOI
sales during the year ended  December 31, 2006,  were  generated by marketing to
prospective  purchasers obtained from third-party VOI prospect vendors,  many of
whom use telemarketing  operations to generate these prospects. In recent years,
state   regulators  have  increased   legislation   and  enforcement   regarding
telemarketing  operations,  including  requiring  the adherence to state "do not
call" laws. In addition,  the Federal Trade Commission has implemented  national
"do not call"  legislation.  While we  continue  to be subject to  telemarketing
risks and potential  liability,  we believe that our exposure to adverse impacts
from this heightened telemarketing legislation and enforcement has been and will
continue to be mitigated in some instances by the use of "permission  marketing"
techniques  and  branding,   whereby  prospective  purchasers  have  granted  us
permission to contact them in the future,  and through our  exclusive  marketing
agreement with Bass Pro. We have  implemented  procedures  which we believe will
help reduce the possibility that individuals who have formally  requested to the
applicable  federal or state  regulators  that they be placed on a "do not call"
list are not  contacted  through one of our in-house or  third-party  contracted
telemarketing  operations,   although  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  such
procedures will be effective in ensuring regulatory  compliance.  These measures
have  increased  and are expected to continue to increase our  marketing  costs.
Through  December  31, 2006,  we have not been subject to any material  fines or
penalties as a result of our  telemarketing  operations but from time to time we
have been the subject of  proceedings  for  violation of the "do not call" laws.
There is no assurance that we will be able to efficiently or effectively  market
to prospective purchasers through telemarketing operations in the future or that
we will be able to develop alternative sources of prospective  purchasers of our
VOI products at acceptable costs.


                                                                              21
<PAGE>

Competition

Bluegreen  Resorts  competes  with  various  high  profile and  well-established
operators.  Many  of  the  world's  most  recognized  lodging,  hospitality  and
entertainment  companies  develop  and sell  VOIs in  resort  properties.  Major
companies  that now operate or are  developing  or planning to develop  vacation
ownership resorts include Marriott International, Inc., the Walt Disney Company,
Hilton Hotels Corporation,  Hyatt Corporation,  Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts,
Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide,  Inc. and Wyndham Worldwide  Corporation.
We also compete with  numerous  other  smaller  owners and operators of vacation
ownership  resorts.  In addition to competing for sales leads and prospects,  we
compete with other VOI developers for sales  personnel.  We believe that each of
our vacation  ownership resorts faces the same general  competitive  conditions.
Although,  as noted above,  Bluegreen Resorts competes with various high profile
and well-established  operators,  we believe that we can compete on the basis of
our  general  reputation,  the  price,  location  and  quality  of our  vacation
ownership  resorts and the  flexibility of our Bluegreen  Vacation Club product.
However,  the development and operation of additional vacation ownership resorts
by competitors in our markets could have a material adverse impact on the demand
for our VOIs and our results of operations.

Bluegreen  Communities  competes with  builders,  developers  and others for the
acquisition  of  property  and with local,  regional  and  national  developers,
homebuilders  and others with respect to the sale of homesites.  We believe that
each of our Bluegreen  Communities  projects faces the same general  competitive
conditions.  We believe that we can compete on the basis of our  reputation  and
the price, location and quality of the products we offer for sale, as well as on
the basis of our experience in land acquisition, development and sale.

Our golf courses face competition for business from other operators of daily fee
and, to a lesser extent,  private golf courses within the local markets where we
operate. Competition in these markets affects the rates that we charge per round
of  golf,  the  level  of  maintenance  on the  golf  courses  and the  types of
additional amenities available to golfers, such as food and beverage operations.
We do not believe that such  competitive  factors have a material adverse impact
on our results of operations or financial position.

In our customer financing activities, we compete with banks, mortgage companies,
other financial  institutions and government agencies offering financing of real
estate. In recent years, we have experienced  increased competition with respect
to the  financing  of  Bluegreen  Communities  sales,  as  evidenced  by the low
percentage of homesite sales internally financed since 1995.

Website Access to Exchange Act Reports

We post  publicly  available  reports  required to be filed with the  Securities
Exchange   Commission   ("SEC")   ("Exchange   Act  Reports")  on  our  website,
www.bluegreencorp.com,  as soon as  reasonably  practicable  after  filing  such
reports  with the SEC. We also make  available  on our  website  the  beneficial
ownership reports (Forms 3, 4 and 5) filed by our officers,  directors and other
reporting  persons under Section 16 of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Exchange Act"). Our website and the information  contained therein or connected
thereto are not incorporated into this Annual Report.

The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports,  proxy and information
statements,  and other information  regarding  issuers that file  electronically
with the SEC. The website address for this site is www.sec.gov.

Personnel

As of December 31, 2006, we had 5,342 employees of which 623 were located at our
headquarters  in Boca  Raton,  Florida,  and  4,719 in  regional  field  offices
throughout  the United States and Aruba (the field  personnel  include 369 field
employees supporting Bluegreen  Communities and 4,350 field employees supporting
Bluegreen Resorts).  Only our employees in Aruba are represented by a collective
bargaining   unit.  We  believe  that  our  relations  with  our  employees  are
satisfactory.


                                                                              22
<PAGE>

Executive Officers

The  following  table sets forth  certain  information  regarding  our executive
officers as of March 12, 2007.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               Name                 Age                           Position
     -------------------------      ---     ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>     <C>
     John M. Maloney, Jr......      45      President and Chief Executive Officer
                                            (Appointed effective December 31, 2006)

     Daniel C. Koscher........      49      Senior Vice President and Chief Executive Officer --
                                            Bluegreen Communities

     Anthony M. Puleo.........      39      Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
                                            Treasurer

     Sheila B. Donahoe........      42      Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer

     Allan J. Herz............      47      Senior Vice President, Mortgage Operations

     Douglas O. Kinsey........      48      Senior Vice President, Acquisitions and Development

     Laurel M. Liber..........      53      Senior Vice President, Owner Relations

     James R. Martin..........      59      Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Clerk

     Susan J. Saturday........      47      Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

     Raymond S. Lopez.........      31      Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
</TABLE>

John M. Maloney,  Jr.  joined us in 2001 as Senior Vice  President of Operations
and Business  Development  for Bluegreen  Resorts.  In May 2002, Mr. Maloney was
named our Senior  Vice  President  of the  Company and  President  of  Bluegreen
Resorts and he was elected  Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
in November 2005.  Effective  January 2007, Mr. Maloney was appointed  President
and Chief  Executive  Officer.  From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Maloney served in various
positions with ClubCorp, most recently as the Senior Vice President of Sales and
Marketing for the Owners Club by ClubCorp.  From 1994 to 1997,  Mr. Maloney held
various  positions  with Hilton Grand  Vacations  Company,  most recently as the
Director of Sales and Marketing for the South Florida area.

Daniel C. Koscher joined us in 1986. During his tenure, he has served in various
financial  management  positions  including  Chief  Accounting  Officer and Vice
President  and Director of  Planning/Budgeting.  In 1996,  he became Senior Vice
President of the Company and  President of  Bluegreen  Communities.  In November
2005, Mr. Koscher was elected Chief Executive Officer of Bluegreen  Communities.
Mr.  Koscher  holds  an  M.B.A.  along  with a  B.B.A.  in  Accounting  and is a
Registered Resort Professional.

Anthony M. Puleo joined us in 1997 as Chief  Accounting  Officer.  In 1998,  Mr.
Puleo was elected Vice  President  and he was elected  Senior Vice  President in
2004.  Mr. Puleo served as Interim  Chief  Financial  Officer from April through
August  2005.  In August  2005,  he was  elected  Chief  Financial  Officer  and
Treasurer.  From  December  1990 through  October  1997,  Mr. Puleo held various
positions  with Ernst & Young LLP, most recently  serving as a Senior Manager in
the Assurance and Advisory  Business Services group. Mr. Puleo holds a B.B.A. in
Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Sheila  B.  Donahoe  joined  us in 2004  as  Senior  Vice  President  and  Chief
Information Officer.  From 1997 to 1999, Ms. Donahoe served as Vice President of
Information Technology for the North American Rental Group of AutoNation,  Inc.,
a publicly held  automobile  retailer.  From 1999 to 2003,  Ms.  Donahoe was the
Senior Vice  President and Chief  Information  Officer of Martha  Stewart Living
Omnimedia,  Inc., a publicly held,  integrated content and commerce company that
creates  "how-to"  content and domestic  merchandise  for  homemakers  and other
consumers. Ms. Donahoe holds a B.S. in Computer Science.

Allan J. Herz joined us in 1992 and was named Director of Mortgage Operations in
September  1992.  Mr. Herz was elected  Vice  President  in 1993 and Senior Vice
President in 2004.  From 1982 to 1992,  Mr. Herz worked for  AmeriFirst  Federal
Savings Bank based in Miami,  Florida.  During his 10-year tenure with the bank,
he held various


                                                                              23
<PAGE>

lending  positions,  the most recent being  Division Vice  President in Consumer
Lending. Mr. Herz holds a B.B.A. in Finance and Management and an M.B.A.

Douglas O. Kinsey joined us in 2003 as Senior Vice President,  Acquisitions  and
Development.  From 1996 to 2003,  Mr. Kinsey served as Senior Vice  President of
Real Estate  Acquisitions  for Fairfield  Resorts,  a vacation  ownership resort
developer that was publicly-traded until its acquisition by Cendant Corporation.
Mr. Kinsey holds a B.S.B.A. in finance.

Laurel M. Liber joined us in 2000 as Director of Bluegreen  Vacation Rentals and
was elected Vice  President of Resort  Services in 2001. In 2004,  Ms. Liber was
elected  Senior Vice President of Owner  Relations for Bluegreen  Resorts and in
2005, she was named Senior Vice President of the Company. From 1997 to 2000, Ms.
Liber   served  as  a  Director  at  Sunterra   Corporation,   focusing  on  the
implementation  of their  points-based  vacation  club  product  and new  resort
operating system.

James R. Martin joined us in 2004 as Senior Vice President,  General Counsel and
Clerk.  Prior to joining us, Mr. Martin was a partner with the law firm of Baker
& Hostetler  LLP since  1985,  focusing  his  practice  on real  estate,  resort
development,  vacation  ownership,  federal  and state  regulatory  matters  and
commercial and consumer law. Mr. Martin holds a B.A. and J. D. degree.

Susan J.  Saturday  joined us in 1988.  During her tenure,  she has held various
management positions with us including Assistant to the Chief Financial Officer,
Divisional Controller and Director of Accounting.  In 1995, she was elected Vice
President  and Director of Human  Resources  and  Administration.  In 2004,  Ms.
Saturday was elected  Senior Vice President and Chief Human  Resources  Officer.
From 1983 to 1988,  Ms.  Saturday  was employed by General  Electric  Company in
various financial  management positions including the corporate audit staff. Ms.
Saturday holds a B.B.A. in Accounting and a M.S. in Human Resource Management.

Raymond S. Lopez joined us in 2004 as Controller. In August 2005, he was elected
Vice President and Chief  Accounting  Officer  (Principal  Accounting  Officer).
Prior to joining  us, Mr.  Lopez  served as Manager of  External  Reporting  for
Office Depot,  Inc. and as a Senior Auditor with Arthur  Andersen LLP. Mr. Lopez
is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.S. in Accounting.

Our by-laws provide that, except as otherwise provided by law or our charter and
by-laws,  the  President,  Treasurer  and the Clerk hold office  until the first
meeting  of the  Board  of  Directors  following  the  next  annual  meeting  of
shareholders  and until their  respective  successors  are chosen and qualified.
Additionally,  all other  officers  hold  office  for the same  period  unless a
shorter time is specified in the vote appointing such officer(s).


                                                                              24
<PAGE>

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS.

We are subject to various risks and uncertainties  relating to or arising out of
the nature of our business and general business, economic,  financing, legal and
other factors or conditions that may affect us.  Moreover,  we operate in a very
competitive and rapidly changing environment.  New risk factors emerge from time
to time  and it is not  possible  for  management  to  either  predict  all risk
factors,  or assess the impact of all risk factors on our business or the extent
to which any  factor,  or  combination  of  factors  may  affect  our  business.
Investors  should also refer to our  Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q and Current
Reports on Form 8-K  (available  on our website  and the SEC  website) in future
periods for updates to these risk factors. These risks and uncertainties include
but are not limited to those  referred  to under  "Management's  Discussion  and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the following:

Our  continued  liquidity  depends on our ability to sell or borrow  against our
notes receivable.

We offer  financing of up to 90% of the purchase price to purchasers of VOIs and
homesites.  Approximately  95% of our  VOI  customers  and  less  than 1% of our
homesite  customers  utilized  our  in-house  financing  during  the year  ended
December 31, 2006. However, we incur selling,  marketing and administrative cash
expenditures prior to and concurrent with the sale. These costs generally exceed
the downpayment we receive at the time of the sale. Accordingly,  our ability to
borrow  against or sell the notes  receivable we receive from our customers is a
critical factor in our continued  liquidity.  We are also a party to a number of
customary securitization-type  transactions under which we sell receivables to a
wholly-owned  special purpose entity which, in turn,  sells the receivables to a
trust  established for the transaction.  If our pledged  receivables  facilities
terminate  or  expire  and  we  are  unable  to  replace  them  with  comparable
facilities,   or  if  we  are  unable  to  continue  in  our   participation  in
securitizations-type  transactions on the terms  currently  available to us, our
liquidity and cash flow would be materially  and adversely  affected.  If any of
our current facilities  terminate or expire,  there is no assurance that we will
be able to  negotiate  the pledge or sale of such  customer  notes at  favorable
rates, or at all.

We depend on additional funding to finance our operations.

We anticipate that we will finance our future business  activities,  in whole or
in part,  with  indebtedness  that we obtain  pursuant to additional  borrowings
under our existing credit facilities, under credit facilities that we may obtain
in the future,  under  securitizations in which we may participate in the future
or pursuant to other borrowing arrangements.  However, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to obtain sufficient external sources of liquidity on attractive
terms,  or at all.  Moreover,  we are,  and will be  required  to seek  external
sources of liquidity to:

      o     support our operations;

      o     finance  the  acquisition  and  development  of  VOI  inventory  and
            residential land;

      o     finance a substantial percentage of our sales; and

      o     satisfy our debt and other obligations.

Our ability to service or to refinance our indebtedness or to obtain  additional
financing   (including  our  ability  to  consummate   future  notes  receivable
securitizations) depends on our future performance, which is subject to a number
of factors, including our business, results of operations,  leverage,  financial
condition and business prospects,  prevailing  interest rates,  general economic
conditions and  perceptions  about the residential  land and vacation  ownership
industries.

Our  success  depends on our  ability to market our  products  successfully  and
efficiently.

We compete for  customers  with other hotel and resort  properties  and vacation
ownership resorts. Accordingly, the identification of sales prospects and leads,
and the marketing of our products to them are essential to our success.  We have
expended and expect to continue to expend  significant  amounts of our resources
to identify and capitalize on future customers and upgrade opportunities.  Among
our marketing  initiatives,  we utilize our proprietary computer software system
to identify and target leads. The leads we identify are then contacted and given
the opportunity to purchase  mini-vacation  packages which may sometimes combine
hotel stays, cruises and gift premiums.  Buyers of these mini-vacation  packages
are  then  usually  required  to  participate  in  a  vacation  ownership  sales
presentation. We have incurred and will incur the expenses associated with these
and our other  marketing  programs in advance of closing sales to the leads that
we  identify.  If our lead  identification  and  marketing  efforts do not yield
enough leads


                                                                              25
<PAGE>

that we are able successfully to convert to a sufficient number of sales, we may
be unable to recover the expense of our  marketing  programs and systems and our
business may be adversely affected.

The  state  of the  economy  generally,  interest  rates,  the  availability  of
financing and increased fuel prices, in particular,  could affect our ability to
market VOIs and residential homesites.

Our business  may be  adversely  affected by  unfavorable  general  economic and
industry conditions, including the effects of weak domestic and world economies,
rising  unemployment  and job  insecurity,  housing  vales and  availability  of
mortgage  financing,  increased  terrorist  threats  and  security in the United
States,  instability in the airline  industry and  geopolitical  conflict in the
Middle East, North Korea and other areas. Any downturn in economic conditions or
any price increases related to the travel and tourism  industry,  such as higher
airfares or increased  gasoline  prices,  could depress  discretionary  consumer
spending and have a material  adverse effect on our business.  Any such economic
conditions,   including   recession,   may  also  adversely  affect  the  future
availability  of attractive  financing rates for us or for our customers and may
materially  adversely  affect  our  business.  Furthermore,  changes  in general
economic conditions may adversely affect our ability to collect our loans to our
borrower owners. Because our operations are conducted mainly within the vacation
ownership  industry,  any adverse  changes  affecting the  industry,  such as an
oversupply of vacation  ownership  units,  a reduction in demand for such units,
changes in travel and vacation patterns,  changes in governmental  regulation of
the industry,  increases in construction  costs or taxes and negative  publicity
for the industry, could also have a material adverse effect on our business.

We would incur  substantial  losses if the customers we finance default on their
obligations to pay the balance of the purchase price.

Under the terms of our pledged receivables facilities, we may be required, under
certain circumstances,  to replace receivables or to pay down the loan to within
permitted    loan-to-value    ratios.    Additionally,    the   terms   of   our
securitization-type transactions require us to repurchase or replace loans if we
breach any of the representations and warranties we made at the time we sold the
receivables,  and include provisions that would require substantially all of our
cash flows from the receivable portfolios sold to be diverted to the parties who
purchased the receivables  from us should  defaults  exceed certain  thresholds.
Further,  if  defaults  and other  performance  criteria  adversely  differ from
estimates used to value our retained  interests in notes  receivable sold in the
securitization  transactions,  we may be  required  to write down these  assets,
which  could have a material  adverse  effect on our results of  operations.  As
servicer of the notes, we may also be required to advance delinquent payments to
the  extent  we deem  them  recoverable.  Accordingly,  we bear  some  risks  of
delinquencies  and  defaults by buyers who finance the purchase of their VOIs or
residential land through us,  regardless of whether or not we sell or pledge the
customer's loan to a third party.

As of December 31, 2006,  approximately 4% of our vacation ownership receivables
and  approximately  8% of residential  land  receivables  which we held or which
third  parties  held under  sales  transactions  which were  originated  and are
serviced by us were more than 30 days past due. The  delinquency  percentage for
the overall  portfolio  serviced was  approximately  4% as of December 31, 2006.
Although  in many  cases we may have  recourse  against a buyer  for the  unpaid
purchase  price,  certain  states  have laws that  limit our  ability to recover
personal  judgments  against  customers who have defaulted on their loans or the
cost of doing  so may not be  justified.  Historically,  we have  generally  not
pursued such  recourse  against our  customers.  If we are unable to collect the
defaulted  amount  or to  obtain  a  voluntary  quitclaim  to the  interest,  if
applicable,   we  traditionally  have  terminated  the  customer's  interest  in
Bluegreen  Vacation Club and then remarketed the recovered VOI.  Irrespective of
our remedy in the event of a default we cannot recover the  marketing,  selling,
and administrative costs associated with the original sale, and we would have to
incur such costs again to resell the VOI or homesite.

Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted if
our estimates concerning our notes receivable are incorrect.

A portion of our revenues  historically  has been and is expected to continue to
be  comprised  of  gains  on sales of  notes  receivable  in  off-balance  sheet
arrangements.  The  amount of any  gains  recognized  and the fair  value of the
retained  interests recorded are based in part on management's best estimates of
future  prepayment,  default and loss severity  rates,  discount rates and other
considerations  in light of then-current  conditions.  Our results of operations
and financial condition could be adversely affected if:

      o     actual  prepayments  with  respect to loans sold occur more  quickly
            than was projected;

      o     actual  defaults  and/or loss  severity  rates with respect to loans
            sold are greater than estimated; or


                                                                              26
<PAGE>

      o     the  portfolio  of  receivables  sold  fails  to  satisfy  specified
            performance criteria or in certain other circumstances.

In any of  these  events,  the  cash  flow on the  retained  interests  in notes
receivable  sold could be reduced until the outside  investors  were paid or the
regular payment formula was resumed. If these situations were to occur, it could
cause a decline  in the fair  value of the  retained  interests  and a charge to
earnings currently.

We are subject to the risks of the real estate  market and the risks  associated
with real estate development,  including the risks and uncertainties relating to
the cost and availability of land, labor and construction materials.

Real estate  markets are  cyclical in nature and highly  sensitive to changes in
national and regional economic conditions, including:

      o     levels of unemployment;

      o     levels of discretionary disposable income;

      o     levels of consumer confidence;

      o     the availability of financing;

      o     overbuilding or decreases in demand; and

      o     interest rates;

A downturn  in the economy in general or in the market for  residential  land or
VOIs could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In addition, the availability of land at favorable prices for the development of
our Bluegreen Resorts and Bluegreen Communities real estate projects is critical
to having adequate inventory to sustain or grow our sales volume and maintain an
adequate gross profit on our sales to cover our significant selling, general and
administrative expenses, cost of capital and other expenses in order to generate
favorable  results of operations.  If we were unable to acquire such land or, in
the case of Bluegreen  Resorts,  resort properties at a favorable cost, it could
have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

Another  factor  impacting  the  profitability  of our real  estate  development
activities is the cost of construction  materials and services.  Should the cost
of  construction  materials and services rise the ultimate cost of our Bluegreen
Resorts and Bluegreen  Communities  inventories under development could increase
and have a material, adverse impact on our results of operations.

We may not successfully execute our growth strategy.

A  principal  component  of our growth  strategy is to acquire  additional  real
estate for the development of VOIs or completed VOIs, preferably in markets that
also provide us with incremental sales  distribution  opportunities.  We seek to
acquire  properties in destinations that we believe will complement our existing
operations.  In addition,  we have to continually acquire additional real estate
for  Bluegreen  Communities  to develop and sell in order to sustain or grow our
sales  volume.  Our ability to execute this growth  strategy  will depend upon a
number of factors, including the following:

      o     the availability of attractive real estate opportunities;

      o     our ability to acquire properties for such development opportunities
            on economically feasible terms;

      o     our ability to market and sell VOIs at newly  developed  or acquired
            resorts;

      o     our  ability to manage  newly  developed  or  acquired  resorts in a
            manner that results in customer satisfaction;

      o     our ability to  develop,  market and sell  acquired  real estate for
            Bluegreen   Communities   in  a  manner  that  results  in  customer
            satisfaction;

      o     lead  times for new  resort  sales  offices  or new  communities  to
            provide meaningful  incremental revenues at an acceptable profit may
            exceed our expectations; and,


                                                                              27
<PAGE>

      o     the availability of capital and our capital structure.

In particular,  the success of our Bluegreen  Vacation Club will depend upon our
ability to continue to acquire and develop a sufficient  number of participating
resorts to make membership  interests  attractive to consumers and to permit the
continued growth of our vacation club's  membership.  There is no assurance that
we will be successful with respect to any or all of these factors.

We may face a variety of risks when we expand our operations.

Our growth strategy  includes the expansion of the number of our resorts.  Risks
associated with such expansion include the following:

      o     construction costs may exceed original estimates;

      o     land  acquisition   costs  may  exceed  acceptable  and  financially
            feasible levels;

      o     we may be unable to complete  construction,  conversion  or required
            legal registrations and approvals as scheduled;

      o     we may be unable to control the timing,  quality and  completion  of
            any construction activity;

      o     the sales pace from a new community may be below our expectations;

      o     our  quarterly  results may fluctuate due to an increase or decrease
            in the  number  of  residential  land  or VOI  projects  subject  to
            "percentage  of  completion  accounting,"  which  requires  that  we
            recognize  profit on projects on a pro rata basis as  development is
            completed;

      o     we  may  have  to  provide  prospective  customers  with  additional
            "first-day incentives" to entice them to buy a VOI, which may result
            in additional revenue deferral under SFAS No. 152;

      o     market demand may not be present;

      o     the value of our inventories may decline;

      o     the cost of carrying  inventory  on our balance  sheet may  increase
            interest   expense,   real  estate   taxes,   developer   subsidies,
            maintenance fees, etc.; and

      o     increased regulation where initiating operations in new states.

Any  of  the  foregoing,   amongst  other  factors,   could   adversely   affect
profitability in a material way. There is no assurance that we will complete all
of our planned expansion of our properties or, if completed, that such expansion
will be profitable.

Moreover,  to successfully  implement our growth strategy, we must integrate the
newly  acquired or developed  properties  into our existing  sales and marketing
programs.  During the start-up  phase of a new resort or  residential  community
project,  we could experience lower operating  margins at that project until its
operations  mature.  The lower margins could be substantial and could negatively
impact our cash flow.  We cannot  provide  assurance  that we will  maintain  or
improve our  operating  margins as our projects  achieve  maturity,  and our new
resorts and communities may reduce our overall operating margins.

Claims for  development-related  defects  could  adversely  affect our financial
condition and operating results.

We engage  third-party  contractors  to construct our resorts and to develop our
communities.   However,   our  customers  may  assert  claims   against  us  for
construction  defects  or  other  perceived   development   defects,   including
structural  integrity,  the  presence  of mold as a  result  of  leaks  or other
defects,  water intrusion,  asbestos,  electrical issues,  plumbing issues, road
construction,  water and sewer defects, defects in the engineering of amenities,
etc. In addition,  certain state and local laws may impose liability on property
developers  with respect to  development  defects  discovered in the future.  We
could have to accrue a significant portion of the cost to repair such defects in
the quarter  when such  defects  arise or when the repair  costs are  reasonably
estimable. A significant number of claims for development-related  defects could
adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition, and operating results.


                                                                              28
<PAGE>

We may face additional risks when and if we expand into new markets.

We  currently  intend to  acquire  real  estate for the  development  of VOIs or
completed  VOIs  for  Bluegreen  Resorts  both  in the  geographic  areas  where
Bluegreen Resorts currently operates and in other areas.  Bluegreen  Communities
intends  to acquire  real  estate in the  geographic  areas  where it  currently
operates  as well as  other  areas  where  we  anticipate  successful  sales  of
homesites in residential communities.  Our prior success in the markets in which
we  currently  operate  does not ensure  our  continued  success as we  acquire,
develop or operate future  projects in new markets.  Accordingly,  in connection
with  expansion  into new markets,  we may be exposed to a number of  additional
risks, including the following:

      o     our lack of  familiarity  and  understanding  of  regional  or local
            consumer preferences;

      o     our inability to attract,  hire, train, and retain additional sales,
            marketing, and resort staff at competitive costs;

      o     our inability to obtain, or to obtain in a timely manner,  necessary
            permits and approvals from state and local  government  agencies and
            qualified construction services at acceptable costs;

      o     our  inability to  capitalize  on new  marketing  relationships  and
            development agreements; and

      o     the uncertainty  involved in, and additional  costs associated with,
            marketing VOIs and homesites prior to completion of marketed units.

Bluegreen  Communities  primarily  depends on third party lenders to finance the
purchase  of  homesites  as the  majority  of our  residential  land  sales  are
currently  financed by customers  through local banks and finance  companies.  A
decrease in the willingness of such lenders to extend financing to our customers
could  cause a  decline  in our  sales or  require  material  additional  credit
facilities in order to enable us to provide financing to our customers.

The limited resale market for VOIs could adversely affect our business.

Based on our experience at our resorts and at destination resorts owned by third
parties,  we believe that resales of VOIs generally are made at net sales prices
below their original  customer  purchase price. The relatively lower sales price
is partly attributable to the high marketing and sales costs associated with the
initial sales of such VOIs.  Accordingly,  the initial  purchase of a VOI may be
less  attractive to prospective  buyers.  Also,  buyers who seek to resell their
VOIs compete with our efforts to sell our VOIs. While VOI resale clearing houses
or  brokers  currently  do not have a  material  impact  on our  business,  if a
secondary  market  for VOIs  were to  become  more  organized  and  liquid,  the
resulting availability of resale VOIs at lower prices could adversely affect our
prices  and the  number of sales we can  close,  which in turn  would  adversely
affect our business and results of operations.

We may be  adversely  affected by  extensive  federal,  state and local laws and
regulations  and changes in  applicable  laws and  regulations,  including  with
respect to the imposition of additional taxes on operations.

The  federal  government  and the  states  and local  jurisdictions  in which we
conduct  business have enacted  extensive  regulations that affect the manner in
which we market  and sell VOIs and  homesites  and  conduct  our other  business
operations.  In addition, many states have adopted specific laws and regulations
regarding the sale of VOIs and  homesites.  Many states  including the states of
Florida and South Carolina,  where some of the resorts are located,  extensively
regulate the creation and  management  of timeshare  resorts,  the marketing and
sale of timeshare  properties,  the escrow of purchaser funds and other property
prior to the  completion  of  construction  and closing,  the content and use of
advertising  materials  and  promotional  offers,  the  delivery  of an offering
memorandum  and the creation and operation of exchange  programs and  multi-site
timeshare plan reservation systems.  Moreover, with regard to sales conducted in
the State of South  Carolina,  the  closing  of real  estate and  mortgage  loan
transactions  must be conducted under the supervision of an attorney licensed in
the State of South  Carolina.  In June 2006,  South  Carolina  enacted the "Time
Sharing Transaction Procedures Act" which, among other things, further clarified
the  process  that  must be  followed  in the sale  and  purchase  of  timeshare
interests.  Bluegreen  believes that its procedures have been and are consistent
with prior and current South Carolina law. Most states also have other laws that
regulate our activities, such as:

      o     timeshare project registration laws;

      o     real estate licensure laws;


                                                                              29
<PAGE>

      o     mortgage licensing laws;

      o     sellers of travel licensure laws;

      o     anti-fraud laws;

      o     consumer protection laws;

      o     telemarketing laws;

      o     prize, gift, and sweepstakes laws and

      o     consumer credit laws.

We currently are  authorized to market and sell VOIs and homesites in all states
in which our  operations  are  currently  conducted.  If our agents or employees
violate  applicable  regulations  or  licensing  requirements,   their  acts  or
omissions  could  cause the states  where the  violations  occurred to revoke or
refuse to renew our licenses,  which could  materially and adversely  affect our
business.

In addition,  the federal  government and the states and local  jurisdictions in
which we conduct business have enacted extensive  regulations relating to direct
marketing  and  telemarketing  generally,  including  the  federal  government's
national "Do Not Call" list.  The  regulations  have  impacted our  marketing of
VOI's and we have taken  steps in an  attempt  to  decrease  our  dependence  on
restricted  calls.  However,  these  steps have  increased  and are  expected to
continue to increase  our  marketing  costs.  We cannot  predict the impact that
these  legislative  initiatives  or any other  legislative  measures that may be
proposed  or enacted now or in the future may have on our  marketing  strategies
and results. Further, from time to time complaints are filed against the Company
by individuals claiming that they received calls in violation of the regulation.

Currently, most states have taxed VOIs as real estate,  imposing property  taxes
that are billed to the respective  property owners'  associations  that maintain
the related resorts and have not sought to impose sales tax upon the sale of the
VOI or accommodations  tax upon the use of the VOI. From time to time,  however,
various states have  attempted to promulgate new laws or applying  existing laws
impacting the taxation of vacation  ownership  interests,  to require that sales
tax or  accommodations be collected (see below regarding  assessment  imposed by
the state of  Tennessee).  Should  new  state or local  laws be  implemented  or
interpreted  to  impose  sales or  accommodations  taxes on  VOIs,  our  Resorts
business could be materially adversely affected.

We believe we are in material  compliance with applicable  federal,  state,  and
local  laws and  regulations  relating  to the sale  and  marketing  of VOIs and
homesites.  From time to time, however,  consumers file complaints against us in
the ordinary course of our business.  We could be required to incur  significant
costs to resolve these complaints.  There is no assurance that we will remain in
material  compliance  with all  applicable  federal,  state and  local  laws and
regulations,  or that  violations  of  applicable  laws  will not  have  adverse
implications for us, including, negative public relations, potential litigation,
and  regulatory  sanctions.  The  expense,  negative  publicity,  and  potential
sanctions  associated  with  any  failure  to  comply  with  applicable  laws or
regulations  could have a material  adverse effect on our results of operations,
liquidity or financial position.

Environmental liabilities, including claims with respect to mold or hazardous or
toxic substances, could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, as well
as common  law,  we may be liable  for the costs of removal  or  remediation  of
certain  hazardous  or toxic  substances,  including  mold,  located  on, in, or
emanating from property that we own, lease, or operate, as well as related costs
of investigation  and property damage at such property.  These laws often impose
liability  without  regard to whether we knew of, or were  responsible  for, the
presence of the hazardous or toxic substances.  The presence of such substances,
or the failure to properly  remediate such substances,  may adversely affect our
ability  to sell or lease  our  property  or to  borrow  money  using  such real
property  or  receivables  generated  from the  sale of such  real  property  as
collateral.  Noncompliance with environmental, health or safety requirements may
require  us to  cease  or  alter  operations  at one or more of our  properties.
Further,  we may be  subject  to common  law  claims by third  parties  based on
damages and costs resulting from violations of environmental regulations or from
contamination associated with one or more of our properties.

We could incur costs to comply with laws governing  accessibility  of facilities
by disabled persons.


                                                                              30
<PAGE>

A number of state and  federal  laws,  including  the Fair  Housing  Act and the
Americans with Disabilities Act, impose  requirements  related to access and use
by  disabled  persons  of a variety  of public  accommodations  and  facilities.
Although  we believe  our  resorts are  substantially  in  compliance  with laws
governing  accessibility by disabled  persons,  we may incur additional costs to
comply with such laws at our existing, subsequently acquired or managed resorts.
Additional  federal,  state,  and local  legislation  with  respect to access by
disabled  persons may impose further  burdens or  restrictions  on us. We cannot
forecast the ultimate cost of compliance with such  legislation,  but such costs
could be substantial  and, as a result,  could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

Not applicable.

Item 2. PROPERTIES.

Our  principal   executive   office  is  located  in  Boca  Raton,   Florida  in
approximately 148,156 square feet of leased space. On December 31, 2006, we also
maintained regional sales offices in each region of the United States as well as
the island of Aruba.  For a further  description  of our resort and  communities
properties, please see "Item 1. Business -- Company Products."

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

In the  ordinary  course  of our  business,  we  become  subject  to  claims  or
proceedings from time to time relating to the purchase, subdivision,  marketing,
sale, financing,  management, ownership and operation of real estate and related
activities. Additionally, from time to time, we become involved in disputes with
existing  and former  employees.  We  believe  that  these  claims  are  routine
litigation  incidental to our business,  and the  resolution of these matters is
not  expected to have a material  adverse  effect on our  financial  position or
results of operations.

In 2005,  the State of Tennessee  Audit  Division (the  "Division")  audited our
Resorts Division for the period from December 1, 2001 through December 31, 2004.
On September 23, 2006,  the Division  issued a notice of assessment for $656,605
of accommodations tax based on the use of Bluegreen Vacation Club accommodations
by Bluegreen  Vacation Club members who became  members  through the purchase of
non-Tennessee  property. We believe the attempt to impose such a tax is contrary
to Tennessee  law, and we intend to  vigorously  oppose such  assessment  by the
Division.  While the timeshare  industry has been  successful in challenging the
imposition  of sales taxes on the use of  accommodations  by  timeshare  owners,
there is no assurance  that the Company will be  successful  in  contesting  the
current assessment.

Bluegreen  Southwest  One,  L.P.,  ("Southwest"),   a  subsidiary  of  Bluegreen
Corporation,  is the developer of the Mountain Lakes  subdivision  in Texas.  In
Lesley,  et al v.  Bluegreen  Southwest  One,  L.P.  acting  through its General
Partner Bluegreen Southwest Land, Inc., et al, Cause No. 28006 District Court of
the 266th Judicial District, Erath County, Texas, plaintiffs filed a declaratory
action against  Southwest in which they seek to develop mineral interests in the
Mountain  Lakes  subdivision.  Plaintiffs'  claims  are based on  property  law,
contract and tort theories.  The property  owners  association has filed a cross
complaint against Bluegreen,  Southwest and individual directors of the property
owners  association  related  to the  mineral  rights  and  related  to  certain
amenities in the subdivision as described in the following paragraph.  The court
has confirmed the seniority of the mineral  interests of the  plaintiffs and has
held  that  restrictions   against  drilling  within  the  subdivision  are  not
enforceable. Bluegreen is evaluating whether to appeal the court's ruling and is
unable to predict the ultimate resolution of the litigation.

Further,  in March 2007 we received  notice from the  Internal  Revenue  Service
("IRS")  that  our  2004  federal  income  tax  return  had  been  selected  for
examination.

Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

None.


                                                                              31
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
                    ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Our common  stock is traded on the New York Stock  Exchange  ("NYSE")  under the
symbol  "BXG".  The  Chief  Executive   Officer  of  the  Company  has  filed  a
certification  which  certified  to  the  NYSE  that  as  of  the  date  of  the
certification he was not aware of any violations by the Company of the Corporate
Governance  Listing  Standards of the NYSE. The following table sets forth,  for
the periods  indicated,  the high and low closing  price of our common  stock as
reported on the NYSE:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Price Range                                Price Range
                                           -----------                                -----------
             The Year Ended                                  The Year Ended
             December 31, 2005            High       Low     December 31, 2006     High         Low
             -----------------            ----       ---     -----------------     ----         ---
<S>                                     <C>        <C>       <C>                 <C>         <C>
             First Quarter              $ 24.68    $ 12.85   First Quarter       $ 17.24     $  12.64
             Second Quarter               18.15      12.50   Second Quarter        12.90        11.25
             Third Quarter                19.11      15.83   Third Quarter         12.15        11.01
             Fourth Quarter               18.11      14.87   Fourth Quarter        14.04        11.26
</TABLE>

There were  approximately  925 record holders of our common stock as of March 7,
2007.  The number of record  holders  does not  reflect the number of persons or
entities  holding their stock in "street" name through  brokerage firms or other
entities.

We did not pay any cash or stock  dividends  during the years ended December 31,
2005 and 2006.  Our Board of Directors  may consider the  possibility  of paying
cash dividends at some point in the future.  However,  any decision by our Board
to pay dividends will be based on our cash position, operating and capital needs
and the restrictions discussed below, and there is no assurance that we will pay
cash  dividends  in  the  foreseeable  future.  Restrictions  contained  in  the
Indenture  related to our $55.0  million  10.50%  Senior  Secured Notes due 2008
issued in April 1998 restrict, and the terms of certain of our credit facilities
may, in certain  instances,  limit the payment of cash  dividends  on our common
stock and restrict our ability to repurchase shares.

From time to time,  our Board of Directors has adopted and publicly  announced a
share  repurchase  program.  Repurchases  under such programs are subject to the
price of our stock,  prevailing market conditions,  our financial  condition and
available resources, other investment alternatives and other factors. We are not
required to seek  shareholder  approval of share repurchase  programs,  have not
done so in the past, and do not anticipate doing so in the future, except to the
extent we may be required to do so under applicable law. We have not repurchased
any shares  since the fiscal year ended April 1, 2001.  As of December 31, 2006,
there were 694,500 shares  remaining for purchase  under our current  repurchase
program;  however, we have no present plans to acquire these remaining shares in
the foreseeable future.

Our  shareholders  have  approved all of our equity  compensation  plans,  which
consist of our 1995 Stock  Incentive  Plan,  our 1988 Outside  Directors'  Stock
Option Plan, our 1998 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan and our 2005 Stock
Incentive Plan.  Information about securities  authorized for issuance under our
equity  compensation plans as of December 31, 2006, is as follows (in thousands,
except per option data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Number of Securities Remaining
            Number of Securities to          Weighted-Average           Available for Future Issuance
             be Issued Upon Exercise         Exercise Price of         Under Equity Compensation Plans
              of Outstanding Stock           Outstanding Stock           (Excluding Outstanding Stock
                    Options                       Options                          Options)
         ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                                <C>
                     2,064                        $11.31                             881
</TABLE>


                                                                              32
<PAGE>

Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

The  selected  consolidated  financial  data set forth  below  should be read in
conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, related notes, and other
financial  information  appearing  elsewhere in this Annual  Report  (dollars in
thousands, except per share data).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            As of or for the
                                                               Nine Months               As of or for the Years Ended
                                                                  Ended                          December 31,
                                                              December 31,   ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                 2002           2003          2004          2005          2006
                                                            --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Income Statement Data
Sales of real estate .....................................     $ 230,299     $ 359,344     $ 502,408     $ 550,335     $ 563,146
Other resort and communities
  operations revenues ....................................        27,048        55,394        66,409        73,797        63,610
Interest income ..........................................        29,507        29,898        35,939        34,798        40,765
Gain on sales of notes receivable ........................        20,026            --        25,972        25,226         5,852
Other income .............................................            --           457            --            --            --
                                                               ---------     ---------     ---------     ---------     ---------
Total revenues ...........................................       306,880       445,093       630,728       684,156       673,373
Income before income taxes,
  minority interest and
  cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principle (1)(4) .........................       39,037         35,585        73,266        80,532        62,491
Income before cumulative effect of
  change in accounting principle (1)(4) ..................       24,783         19,837        42,559        46,551        34,311
Net income ...............................................      $19,204      $  19,837     $  42,559     $  46,551     $  29,817
Earnings per share before
  cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle (1):
  Basic ..................................................     $    1.01     $    0.80     $    1.62     $    1.53     $    1.12
  Diluted ................................................     $    0.91     $    0.74     $    1.43     $    1.49     $    1.10
Earnings per common share:
  Basic ..................................................     $    0.78     $    0.80     $    1.62     $    1.53     $    0.98
  Diluted ................................................     $    0.72     $    0.74     $    1.43     $    1.49     $    0.96
</TABLE>


                                                                              33
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   As of or for the
                                                     Nine Months                 As of or for the Years Ended
                                                        Ended                             December 31,
                                                     December 31,   -------------------------------------------------------
                                                        2002           2003           2004           2005           2006
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Balance Sheet Data:
Notes receivable, net ..........................     $ 107,476      $ 213,560      $ 152,051      $ 127,783      $ 144,251
Inventory, net .................................       173,646        220,182        205,352        240,969        349,333
Total assets ...................................       460,177        646,484        658,411        694,243        854,212
Shareholders' equity ...........................       154,369        174,125        261,066        313,666        353,023
Book value per common share ....................     $    6.28      $    6.98      $    8.63      $   10.31      $   11.44

Selected Operating Data:
Weighted-average interest rate
  on notes receivable at period end ............            14%            14%            14%            15%            14%
Bluegreen Resorts statistics:
  VOI sales (4) ................................     $ 151,670      $ 254,971      $ 310,608      $ 358,240      $ 399,105
Gross margin on VOI sales ......................            74%            80%            76%            78%            78%
Selling, general and administrative
  expenses as a percentage of VOI
  sales (1) ....................................            61%            59%            58%            61%            67%
Field operating profit (2) .....................     $  21,939      $  50,359      $  50,876      $  59,578      $  53,937
Number of resorts at period end ................            13             17             18             21             21
Number of VOI sale transactions (3) ............        16,347         26,839         31,574         37,605         41,097

Bluegreen Communities statistics:
Homesite sales .................................     $  78,629      $ 104,373      $ 191,800      $ 192,095      $ 164,041
Gross margin on homesite
  sales ........................................            46%            45%            45%            48%            45%
Selling, general andadministrative
  expenses as a percentage of
 homesite sales ................................            28%            32%            25%            24%            23%
Field operating profit (2) .....................     $  13,570      $  12,580      $  37,722      $  47,227      $  35,824
Number of homesites sold (3) ...................         1,242          1,962          2,765          2,287          1,750
</TABLE>

(1)   Effective  April 1, 2002,  we elected to change our  accounting  policy to
      expense  previously   deferred  costs  of  generating  VOI  tours  through
      telemarketing  programs. This change resulted in a charge of $5.6 million,
      reflected as a change in accounting principle.

(2)   Field  Operating  Profit is operating  profit prior to the  allocation  of
      corporate  overhead,  interest income,  gain on sales of notes receivable,
      other income,  provision for loan losses,  interest expense, income taxes,
      minority   interest  and   cumulative   effect  of  change  in  accounting
      principles.  See Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      for further information.

(3)   "Number of VOI sale  transactions"  and "number of homesites sold" include
      those sales made during the applicable period where recognition of revenue
      is deferred  under the  percentage-of-completion  method of accounting and
      under SFAS No. 152, as applicable.  See "Revenue Recognition and Contracts
      Receivable"   under  Note  1  of  the  Notes  to  Consolidated   Financial
      Statements.

(4)   Effective January 1, 2006 we adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 152, which
      changed   many  aspects  of  timeshare   accounting,   including   revenue
      recognition,  inventory costing, and accounting for incidental operations.
      This  change  resulted  in an  after-tax  charge of $4.5  million in 2006,
      reflected as a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle.


                                                                              34
<PAGE>

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
           OF OPERATION.

Certain Definitions, Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

The following  discussion of our results of operations  and financial  condition
should be read in conjunction  with our  Consolidated  Financial  Statements and
related Notes and other financial  information included elsewhere in this Annual
Report.  Unless  otherwise  indicated in this  discussion  (and  throughout this
Annual Report),  references to "real estate" and to  "inventories"  collectively
encompass  the  inventories  held for sale by  Bluegreen  Resorts and  Bluegreen
Communities.

We desire to take  advantage  of the "safe  harbor"  provisions  of the  Private
Securities  Reform  Act of  1995  (the  "Act")  and  are  making  the  following
statements  pursuant  to the Act to do so.  Certain  statements  in this  Annual
Report  and  our  other  filings  with  the  SEC   constitute   "forward-looking
statements"  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act. You may identify  these  statements by  forward-looking
words  such  as  "may,"  "intend,"  "expect,"  "anticipate,"  "believe"  "will,"
"should,"  "project,"  "estimate," "plan" or other comparable  terminology or by
other statements that do not relate to historical  facts. All statements,  trend
analyses  and  other  information  relative  to the  market  for  our  products,
remaining life-of -project sales, our expected future sales, financial position,
operating  results,  liquidity  and capital  resources,  our business  strategy,
financial  plan and  expected  capital  requirements  as well as  trends  in our
operations  or results are  forward-looking  statements.  These  forward-looking
statements  are subject to known and unknown  risks and  uncertainties,  many of
which  are  beyond  our  control,  including  changes  in  economic  conditions,
generally,  in areas  where we operate,  or in the travel and tourism  industry,
availability of financing,  increases in interest rates,  changes in regulations
and other  factors  discussed  throughout  our SEC filings,  including  the Risk
Factor  section,  all of which could cause our actual  results,  performance  or
achievements,  or industry trends, to differ materially from any future results,
performance,  or achievements or trends expressed or implied herein. Given these
uncertainties,  investors  are  cautioned  not to place undue  reliance on these
forward-looking  statements  and no  assurance  can be  given  that  the  plans,
estimates and expectations reflected herein will be achieved. Factors that could
adversely affect our future results can also be considered  general risk factors
with respect to our  business,  whether or not they relate to a  forward-looking
statement. We wish to caution you that the important factors set forth below and
elsewhere  in this report in some cases have  affected,  and in the future could
affect,  our actual results and could cause our actual  consolidated  results to
differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.

Executive Overview

      We operate  through two business  segments.  Bluegreen  Resorts  develops,
markets and sells VOIs in our  Bluegreen  Vacation  Club  resorts,  and provides
resort  management  services to resort property owners  associations.  Bluegreen
Communities acquires large tracts of real estate, which are subdivided, improved
(in some cases to include a golf course on the property) and sold,  typically on
a retail basis, as homesites.

      Effective  January 1, 2006,  we adopted  the  provisions  of SFAS No. 152,
Accounting for Real Estate  Time-Sharing  Transactions,  which changes the rules
for  many  aspects  of  timeshare  accounting,  including  revenue  recognition,
inventory  costing  and  incidental  operations  (See  Note 2 of  the  financial
statements for more  information on SFAS No. 152 and its impact on our financial
statements).  The adoption of SFAS No. 152 decreased  income  before  cumulative
effect of change in  accounting  principle  by $3.4 million or $0.11 per diluted
share for 2006.  In addition,  we recognized a $4.5 million or $0.14 per diluted
share charge for the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle,  net
of income tax and minority  interest in 2006,  for the adoption of SFAS No. 152.
Therefore, on a pro forma basis excluding the impact of SFAS No. 152, net income
would have been $37.7 million or $1.21 per diluted share for 2006.  See "Results
of Operations"  below for a discussion of the impact of the adoption of SFAS No.
152 on the Resort Division.

      We have  historically  experienced  and expect to continue  to  experience
seasonal  fluctuations in our gross revenues and net earnings.  This seasonality
may cause significant  fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, with the
majority of our gross  revenues and net earnings  historically  occurring in the
quarters  ending in June and September  each year.  However,  as a result of the
required adoption of SFAS No. 152, we anticipate that prospectively the majority
of our Bluegreen  Resorts gross  revenues and net earnings will be recognized in
the quarters ending in September and December of each year, primarily due to the
deferral  and  subsequent  recognition  of VOI sales  revenue  due to the buyers
commitment requirement.  Also, as SFAS No. 152 does not allow the restatement of
prior year results of operations,  our 2006  quarterly  Statements of Income are
not easily  comparable to the respective  2005  quarterly  Statements of Income.
Other material  fluctuations in operating results may occur due to


                                                                              35
<PAGE>

the   timing   of   development   and   the   requirement   that   we  use   the
percentage-of-completion  method  of  accounting.  Under  this  method of income
recognition,  income is recognized as work progresses.  Measures of progress are
based on the  relationship of costs incurred to date to expected total costs. We
expect that we will continue to invest in projects that will require substantial
development (with significant capital requirements),  and as a consequence,  our
results of operations may fluctuate  significantly  between quarterly and annual
periods as a result of the required use of the  percentage-of-completion  method
of accounting.

      We believe that inflation and changing prices have materially impacted our
revenues and results of operations,  specifically  due to periodic  increases in
the  sales  prices  of  our  VOIs  and  homesites  and  continued  increases  in
construction and development costs. We expect construction and development costs
to continue to increase for the foreseeable  future.  There is no assurance that
we will be able to  continue  to  increase  our sales  prices or that  increased
construction  costs will not have a material adverse impact on our gross margin.
In addition, to the extent that inflation in general or increased prices for our
VOI and homesites adversely impact consumer sentiment, our results of operations
could be adversely  impacted.  Also,  to the extent  inflationary  trends affect
interest rates, a portion of our debt service costs may increase.

      We  recognize  revenue on homesite  and VOI sales when a minimum of 10% of
the sales price has been received in cash,  the refund or rescission  period has
expired,  collectibility  of the  receivable  representing  the remainder of the
sales price is reasonably assured and we have completed substantially all of our
obligations  with respect to any development of the real estate sold.  Refund or
rescission  periods  include those required by law and those provided for in our
sales  contracts.  The  provisions of SFAS No. 152 require that  incentives  and
other  similarly  treated  items such as customer  down  payment  equity  earned
through our Sampler  Program be  considered  in  calculating  the required  down
payment for our VOI sales.  If, after  considering the value of sales incentives
provided, the required 10% of sales price down payment threshold is not met, the
VOI sale and the related cost of sale and direct  selling costs are deferred and
not recognized until the buyer's commitment test is satisfied, generally through
the receipt of required mortgage note payments from the buyer. Further, in cases
where all development  has not been completed,  recognition of income is subject
to the percentage-of-completion method of accounting.

      Costs   associated  with  the  acquisition  and  development  of  vacation
ownership resorts and residential communities,  including carrying costs such as
interest and taxes,  are  capitalized  as inventory and are allocated to cost of
real estate sold as the respective revenues are recognized.

      A  portion  of our  revenues  historically  has  been and is  expected  to
continue to be  comprised of gains on sales of notes  receivable.  The gains are
recorded  on our  consolidated  statement  of income  and the  related  retained
interests in the notes receivable sold are recorded on our consolidated  balance
sheet at the time of sale.  Effective January 1, 2006, pursuant to SFAS No. 152,
the  portion of these  gains  related to the  reversal  of  previously  recorded
allowances for loan losses on the receivables sold is recorded as a component of
revenue on sales of VOIs.  The amount of gains  recognized and the fair value of
the retained interests recorded are based in part on management's best estimates
of future  prepayment,  default rates,  loss severity rates,  discount rates and
other considerations in light of then-current conditions.  If actual prepayments
with  respect to loans occur more  quickly  than we  projected  at the time such
loans were sold, as can occur when interest  rates  decline,  interest  would be
less than  expected  and may cause a decline in the fair  value of the  retained
interests  and a charge to  operations.  If  actual  defaults  or other  factors
discussed  above  with  respect  to  loans  sold  are  greater  than  estimated,
charge-offs would exceed previously estimated amounts and the cash flow from the
retained interests in notes receivable sold would decrease.  Also, to the extent
the  portfolio  of  receivables  sold  fails to  satisfy  specified  performance
criteria (as may occur due to, for example, an increase in default rates or loan
loss  severity) or certain other events occur,  the funds received from obligors
must be  distributed on an accelerated  basis to investors.  If the  accelerated
payment formula were to become applicable, the cash flow to us from the retained
interests in notes receivable sold would be reduced until the outside  investors
were paid or the regular payment formula was resumed.  If these  situations were
to occur on a material  basis, it could cause a decline in the fair value of the
retained  interests  and a charge to earnings  currently.  There is no assurance
that the carrying value of our retained  interests in notes receivable sold will
be  fully  realized  or that  future  loan  sales  will be  consummated  or,  if
consummated,  result in gains.  See  "Vacation  Ownership  Receivables  Purchase
Facilities - Off Balance Sheet Arrangements," below.

      In addition,  we have historically sold vacation ownership  receivables to
financial  institutions  through warehouse  purchase  facilities to monetize the
receivables  while  accumulating  receivables  for a future term  securitization
transaction.  We have structured our current  warehouse  purchase  facility with
BB&T so that legal sales of vacation ownership receivables through this facility
will be accounted for as on-balance sheet borrowings  rather than as off-balance
sheet sales. Therefore, we will not recognize a gain on the sales of receivables
transferred  to BB&T until  such  receivables  are  subsequently  included  in a
properly  structured  term  securitization  transaction.  In September  2006, we
included in the 2006 Term Securitization  receivables  previously transferred to
the 2006 BB&T Purchase


                                                                              36
<PAGE>

Facility.  As a  result,  as  of  December  31,  2006,  there  were  no  amounts
outstanding  under  the 2006 BB&T  Purchase  Facility.  We  expect  to  transfer
additional  receivables  to the BB&T Purchase  Facility or a similar  on-balance
sheet facility for the  foreseeable  future which will continue to impact future
quarterly earnings patterns as compared to comparable prior periods.

      We continue to spend a substantial amount of management time and resources
to comply with changing laws,  regulations and standards relating to accounting,
corporate governance and public disclosure,  including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002,  new  Securities and Exchange  Commission  regulations  and New York Stock
Exchange rules.  In particular,  Section 404 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002
requires  management's  annual  review and  evaluation  of our internal  control
systems,  and  attestations  as to the  effectiveness  of these  systems  by our
independent  registered  accounting  firm.  We  expect  to  continue  to  expend
significant  management time and resources  documenting and testing our internal
control  systems  and  procedures.  If we fail to maintain  the  adequacy of our
internal controls, as such standards are modified,  supplemented or amended from
time to time,  we may not be in a position to conclude on an ongoing  basis that
we have effective  internal control over financial  reporting in accordance with
Section 404 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Failure to maintain an effective
internal control  environment could have a material adverse effect on the market
price of our common stock.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are
based upon our consolidated  financial  statements,  which have been prepared in
accordance with United States  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  The
preparation of these financial  statements requires management to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,  revenues
and expenses,  and related  disclosure of commitments and  contingencies.  On an
ongoing basis,  management evaluates its estimates,  including those that relate
to  the  recognition  of  revenue,   including  revenue  recognition  under  the
percentage-of-completion  method of accounting; our reserve for loan losses; the
valuation of retained  interests in notes  receivable sold and the related gains
on sales of notes receivable;  the recovery of the carrying value of real estate
inventories,  golf courses, intangible assets and other assets; and the estimate
of  contingent   liabilities   related  to  litigation   and  other  claims  and
assessments.  Management  bases its  estimates on historical  experience  and on
various  other  assumptions  that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the
circumstances,  the results of which form the basis for making  judgments  about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources.  Actual results may differ  materially from these estimates under
different  assumptions and conditions.  If actual results  significantly  differ
from management's  estimates,  our results of operations and financial condition
could be materially adversely impacted.

We  believe  the  following  critical   accounting   policies  affect  our  more
significant  judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial  statements  (see also Note 1 of the Notes to  Consolidated  Financial
Statements):

      o     Revenue  Recognition  and Inventory Cost  Allocation.  In accordance
            with the  requirements of SFAS No. 66,  Accounting for Sales of Real
            Estate, as amended by SFAS No. 152 regarding VOI sales, we recognize
            revenue on VOI and homesite sales when a minimum of 10% of the sales
            price has been  received  in cash  (buyer's  commitment),  the legal
            rescission  period has  expired,  collectibility  of the  receivable
            representing the remainder of the sales price is reasonably  assured
            and we have  completed  substantially  all of our  obligations  with
            respect to any  development  related  to the real  estate  sold.  We
            believe that we use a reasonably  reliable  methodology  to estimate
            the collectibility of the receivables  representing the remainder of
            the sales price of real estate sold.  See the further  discussion of
            our policies  regarding the estimation of credit losses on our notes
            receivable below. Should we become unable to reasonably estimate the
            collectibility  of  our  receivables,  we  may  have  to  defer  the
            recognition  of  sales  and  our  results  of  operations  could  be
            negatively impacted. Upon the adoption of SFAS No. 152 on January 1,
            2006,  the  calculation  of the  adequacy of the buyer's  commitment
            changed so that cash  received  towards the  purchase of our VOIs is
            reduced by the value of certain incentives  provided to the buyer at
            the  time of  sale.  If,  after  consideration  of the  value of the
            incentive,  the total down payment  received  from the buyer is less
            than 10% of the sales price,  the VOI sale,  and the related cost of
            sales and direct selling expenses, are deferred until such time that
            sufficient  cash is received  from the customer,  generally  through
            receipt of mortgage  payments.  Changes to the  quantity,  type,  or
            value of sales  incentives that we provide to buyers of our VOIs may
            result in additional VOI sales being deferred,  and thus our results
            of operations could be materially, adversely impacted.

            In cases where all development has not been completed,  we recognize
            revenue in accordance  with the  percentage-of-completion  method of
            accounting.  Should our estimates of the total  anticipated  cost of
            completing  of our  Bluegreen  Resorts'  or  Bluegreen  Communities'
            projects  increase,  we may be required to


                                                                              37
<PAGE>

            defer a  greater  amount  of  revenue  or may be  required  to defer
            revenue  for a longer  period  of time,  and  thus  our  results  of
            operations could be materially, adversely impacted.

            In  accordance  with SFAS No. 67,  Accounting  for Costs and Initial
            Rental Operations of Real Estate Projects,  the capitalized costs of
            our real estate projects are assigned to individual homesites in the
            projects  based  on the  relative  estimated  sales  value  of  each
            homesite.  Prior to 2006 this method of allocation  was also used to
            determine  the  inventory  value and related  costs of sales for our
            VOIs. Effective January 1, 2006, as a result of the adoption of SFAS
            No. 152, VOI  inventory and cost of sales is accounted for using the
            relative sales value method.  Under the relative sales value method,
            cost of sales is  calculated  as a  percentage  of net sales using a
            cost-of-sales  percentage--the  ratio of total estimated development
            cost  to  total  estimated  VOI  revenue,  including  the  estimated
            incremental  revenue from the resale of VOI  inventory  repossessed,
            generally  as a result of the  default  of the  related  receivable.
            Should our  estimates  of the sales  values of our VOI and  homesite
            inventories  differ  materially from their ultimate  selling prices,
            our gross profit could be adversely impacted.

      o     Allowance  for Loan Losses.  Prior to January 1, 2006,  we estimated
            credit  losses  on our  notes  receivable  portfolios  generated  in
            connection  with the sale of VOIs in  accordance  with  SFAS No.  5,
            Accounting for  Contingencies,  as our notes  receivable  portfolios
            consist  of a large  group of  smaller-balance,  homogeneous  loans.
            Consistent  with Staff  Accounting  Bulletin No. 102,  Selected Loan
            Loss  Allowance  Methodology  and  Documentation  Issues,  we  first
            segmented our notes receivable by identifying  risk  characteristics
            that were common to groups of loans and then estimated credit losses
            based on the risks associated with these segments. Effective January
            1, 2006,  we changed our  accounting  for loan losses in  accordance
            with SFAS No. 152.  Under SFAS No.  152,  we estimate  uncollectible
            notes receivable  based on historical  default rates for similar VOI
            notes  receivable over the applicable  historical  period.  We use a
            static pool analysis,  which tracks  uncollectibles  for each year's
            sales over the entire life of those notes. We also consider  whether
            the  historical   economic  conditions  are  comparable  to  current
            economic conditions.  We currently group our notes receivable in two
            pools for  analytical  purposes.  Although  our credit  policies are
            identical in all locations, the customer demographics and historical
            uncollectibility  have varied between these two pools. We review our
            reserve for loan losses on at least a  quarterly  basis.  Should our
            estimates of these and other pertinent  factors change,  our results
            of operations,  financial  condition and liquidity position could be
            materially, adversely affected.

      o     Transfers of Financial Assets.  When we transfer financial assets to
            third parties, such as when we sell notes receivable pursuant to our
            vacation  ownership  receivables  purchase  facilities,  we evaluate
            whether  or not such  transfer  should  be  accounted  for as a sale
            pursuant to SFAS No. 140 and related interpretations. The evaluation
            of sale treatment  under SFAS No. 140 involves legal  assessments of
            the transactions,  which include determining whether the transferred
            assets have been isolated from us (i.e.,  put  presumptively  beyond
            our reach or the reach of our creditors, even in bankruptcy or other
            receivership),  determining whether each transferee has the right to
            pledge or exchange the assets it received,  and ensuring  that we do
            not maintain  effective control over the transferred  assets through
            either  (1) an  agreement  that  both  entitles  and  obligates  the
            transferor to repurchase or redeem them before their maturity or (2)
            the  ability to  unilaterally  cause the  holder to return  specific
            assets (other than through a cleanup call).  We believe that we have
            obtained  appropriate  legal  opinions  and  other  guidance  deemed
            necessary to properly  account for our transfers of financial assets
            as sales in accordance with SFAS No. 140.

            In connection with the sales of notes receivable  referred to above,
            we retain  subordinated  tranches,  rights to excess interest spread
            and  servicing  rights,  all of which are retained  interests in the
            notes  receivable  sold.  Gain  or loss  on the  sale  of the  notes
            receivable  depends  in  part  on the  allocation  of  the  previous
            carrying  amount of the  financial  assets  involved in the transfer
            between the assets sold and the  retained  interests  based on their
            relative  fair  value  at the date of  transfer.  We  initially  and
            periodically  estimate  fair  value  based on the  present  value of
            future expected cash flows using  management's best estimates of the
            key assumptions -- prepayment  rates,  loss severity rates,  default
            rates and  discount  rates  commensurate  with the  risks  involved.
            Should our estimates of these key  assumptions  change or should the
            portfolios sold fail to satisfy specified  performance  criteria and
            therefore  trigger  provisions  whereby  outside  investors  in  the
            portfolios  are  paid on an  accelerated  basis,  there  could  be a
            reduction  in the  fair  value  of the  retained  interests  and our
            results of operations  and financial  condition  could be materially
            and adversely  impacted.  During the years ended  December 31, 2006,
            2005,  and 2004, we recognized an  other-than-temporary  decrease of
            approximately $39,000, $539,000, and $1.2 million,  respectively, in
            the fair market  value of our retained  interest in a 2002  vacation
            ownership   receivables   securitization,   based  on  higher   than
            anticipated  default  rates in the  portfolio  sold.  There  were no
            other-than-temporary decreases recognized in 2004.

      o     Asset  Impairment.  We  periodically  evaluate  the  recovery of the
            carrying amounts of our long-lived  assets including our real estate
            properties under the guidelines of SFAS No. 144,  Accounting for the
            Impairment  or


                                                                              38
<PAGE>

            Disposal of  Long-Lived  Assets.  Factors that we consider in making
            this evaluation  include our estimates of remaining  life-of-project
            sales  for each  project  based on  current  retail  prices  and our
            estimates of costs to complete each project. Should our estimates of
            these  factors  change,  our  results of  operations  and  financial
            condition could be adversely impacted.

      o     Goodwill.  Goodwill  is not  amortized  but is  subject to an annual
            impairment  test in  accordance  with SFAS No. 142,  Accounting  for
            Goodwill  and  Other  Intangible  Assets.  Goodwill  is  tested  for
            impairment  on an annual basis by  estimating  the fair value of the
            reporting unit to which the goodwill or intangible  assets have been
            assigned.  As of  December  31,  2005 and 2006,  only our  Bluegreen
            Resorts  reporting  unit  had  any  recorded  goodwill.  Should  our
            estimates  of the fair  value of our  reporting  units  change,  our
            results of  operations  and financial  condition  could be adversely
            impacted.

Results of Operations

We review financial  information,  allocate resources and manage our business as
two segments,  Bluegreen  Resorts and  Bluegreen  Communities.  The  information
reviewed is based on internal  reports and excludes  general and  administrative
expenses  attributable to corporate overhead.  The information provided is based
on a management  approach  and is used by us for the purpose of tracking  trends
and  changes  in  results.  It does  not  reflect  the  actual  economic  costs,
contributions   or  results  of  operations  of  the  segments  as  stand  alone
businesses.  If a different  basis of  presentation or allocation were utilized,
the relative contributions of the segments might differ but the relative trends,
in our view, would likely not be materially impacted. The table below sets forth
net revenue and income from operations by segment.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Bluegreen
                                                          Resorts               Bluegreen Communities               Total
                                                          -------               ---------------------               -----
                                                              Percentage                     Percentage                   Percentage
                                                   Amount      of Sales          Amount       of Sales         Amount      of Sales
                                                   ------      --------          ------       --------         ------      --------
                                                                               (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                              <C>               <C>         <C>               <C>         <C>               <C>
Year Ended December 31, 2004:

Sales of real estate .....................       $ 310,608         100%        $ 191,800         100%        $ 502,408         100%
Cost of real estate sales ................         (73,969)        (24)         (105,759)        (55)         (179,728)        (36)
                                                 ---------                     ---------                     ---------
Gross profit .............................         236,639          76            86,041          45           322,680          64
Other resort and communities
  operations revenues ....................          59,007          19             7,402           4            66,409          13
Cost of other resort and
communities operations ...................         (63,510)        (20)           (7,275)         (4)          (70,785)        (14)
Selling and marketing
  expenses ...............................        (165,162)        (53)          (36,766)        (19)         (201,928)        (40)
Field general and
  administrative expenses (1) ............         (16,098)         (5)          (11,680)         (6)          (27,778)         (6)
                                                 ---------                     ---------                     ---------
Field operating profit ...................       $  50,876          16%        $  37,722          20%        $  88,598          18%
                                                 =========                     =========                     =========

Year Ended December 31, 2005:

Sales of real estate .....................       $ 358,240         100%        $ 192,095         100%        $ 550,335         100%
Cost of real estate sales ................         (77,455)        (22)         (100,345)        (52)         (177,800)        (32)
                                                 ---------                     ---------                     ---------
Gross profit .............................         280,785          78            91,750          48           372,535          68
Other resort and communities
  operations revenues ....................          64,276          18             9,521           5            73,797          13
Cost of other resort and
communities operations ...................         (68,633)        (19)           (8,684)         (5)          (77,317)        (14)
Selling and marketing
  expenses ...............................        (195,407)        (55)          (33,588)        (17)         (228,995)        (42)
Field general and
  administrative expenses (1) ............         (21,443)         (6)          (11,772)         (6)          (33,215)         (6)
                                                 ---------                     ---------                     ---------
Field operating profit ...................       $  59,578          17%        $  47,227          25%        $ 106,805          19%
                                                 =========                     =========                     =========
</TABLE>


                                                                              39
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                              <C>               <C>         <C>               <C>         <C>               <C>
Year Ended December 31, 2006:

Sales of real estate .....................       $ 399,105         100%        $ 164,041         100%        $ 563,146         100%
Cost of real estate sales ................         (88,086)        (22)          (90,968)        (55)         (179,054)        (32)
                                                 ---------                     ---------                     ---------
Gross profit .............................         311,019          78            73,073          45           384,092          68
Other resort and communities
  operations revenues ....................          51,688          13            11,922           7            63,610          11
Cost of other resort and
communities operations ...................         (42,417)        (11)          (10,776)         (7)          (53,193)         (9)
Selling and marketing
  expenses ...............................        (239,788)        (60)          (27,636)        (17)         (267,424)        (47)
Field general and
  administrative expenses (1) ............         (26,565)         (7)          (10,759)         (7)          (37,324)         (7)
                                                 ---------                     ---------                     ---------
Field operating profit ...................       $  53,937          14%        $  35,824          22%        $  89,761          16%
                                                 =========                     =========                     =========
</TABLE>

---------

(1)   General and  administrative  expenses  attributable to corporate  overhead
      have been excluded from the tables.  Corporate general and  administrative
      expenses  totaled $32.7  million,  $38.0 million and $52.2 million for the
      years  ended  December  31,  2004,  2005,  and  2006,  respectively.   See
      "Corporate  General  and  Administrative  Expenses,"  below,  for  further
      discussion.

Sales and Field  Operations.  Consolidated  sales were  $502.4  million,  $550.3
million and $563.1 million for 2004, 2005, and 2006, respectively.  Consolidated
sales  increased  10% from 2004 to 2005 and 2% from 2005 to 2006.  Excluding the
impact of  adopting  SFAS No.  152,  consolidated  sales  during 2006 would have
totaled $578.0 million.

Bluegreen  Resorts.  We will use the pro forma  presentations  below to  discuss
Bluegreen  Resorts results of operations for the 2006 period, as we believe that
the pro forma  results  provide a better basis for  comparison  to 2005 than our
United States generally  accepted  accounting  principles  results of operations
under SFAS No. 152.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                  Year Ended
                                                             Year Ended December 31, 2006                      December 31, 2005
                                                             -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 Pro Forma Excluding
                                                                                Impact of SFAS No. 152
                                                                                ----------------------
                                                              Percentage                     Percentage                   Percentage
                                                   Amount      of Sales          Amount       of Sales         Amount      of Sales
                                                   ------      --------          ------       --------         ------      --------
<S>                                              <C>               <C>         <C>               <C>         <C>               <C>
Sales of real estate .....................       $ 399,105         100%        $ 413,929         100%        $ 358,240         100%
Cost of real estate sales ................         (88,086)        (22)          (88,835)        (21)          (77,455)        (22)
                                                 ---------                     ---------                     ---------
Gross profit .............................         311,019          78           325,094          79           280,785          78
Other resort operations revenue ..........          51,688          13            60,762          15            64,276          18
Cost of other resort operations ..........         (42,417)        (11)          (56,696)        (14)          (68,633)        (19)
Selling and marketing expenses ...........        (239,788)        (60)         (237,331)        (57)         (195,407)        (55)
Field general and administrative
    expenses .............................         (26,565)         (7)          (26,565)         (6)          (21,443)         (6)
                                                 ---------                     ---------                     ---------
Field operating profit ...................       $  53,937          14%        $  65,264          16%        $  59,578          17%
                                                 =========                     =========                     =========
</TABLE>

During 2005 and 2006, sales of VOIs contributed  $358.2 million (65%) and $399.1
million  (71%) of our total  consolidated  sales,  respectively.  Excluding  the
impact of SFAS No. 152, sales of VOIs during 2006 would have contributed  $413.9
million (72%) of our total consolidated sales.

The  following  table sets forth certain  information  for sales of VOIs for the
periods indicated, before giving effect to the  percentage-of-completion  method
of accounting and the deferral of sales in accordance with SFAS No. 152.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Year Ended
                                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                                  December 31,  December 31,   December 31,
                                                                      2004          2005           2006
                                                                      ----          ----           ----
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>            <C>
            Number of VOI sale transactions ...................     31,574         37,605         41,097
            Average sales price per transaction ...............    $10,025        $ 9,834        $10,507
            Gross margin ......................................         76%            78%            78%
</TABLE>


                                                                              40
<PAGE>

Bluegreen  Resorts' sales increased $40.9 million or 11% during 2006 as compared
to 2005.  Excluding the impact of SFAS No. 152, sales would have increased $55.7
million or 16% during 2006 as compared to 2005.  The pro forma  increase was due
primarily  to  same-resort  sales  increases  at  many  of  our  sales  offices.
Same-resort sales increased by approximately 12% during 2006 as compared to 2005
and were  highlighted  by  increases in sales at The  Fountains  sales office in
Orlando,  Florida,  our Bluegreen  Wilderness  Club at Big Cedar sales office in
Ridgedale,  Missouri,  our Falls Village sales office in Branson,  Missouri, and
our MountainLoft sales office in Gatlinburg,  Tennessee. The overall increase in
sales  was  due in part to our  continued  focus  on  marketing  to our  growing
Bluegreen  Vacation  Club  owner  base.  Sales to  owners  increased  by 46% and
accounted  for 34% of Resort  sales  during 2006 as compared to 28% during 2005.
This, combined with an 8% overall increase in the number of sales prospects seen
by  Bluegreen  Resorts  from  approximately  287,000  prospects  during  2005 to
approximately  310,000  prospects  during  2006,  and a  relatively  consistent,
overall sale-to-tour conversion ratio of 13% during these periods, significantly
contributed to the overall sales  increase  during 2006 as compared to 2005. Our
sale-to-tour  conversion ratio for new prospects  (i.e.,  excluding sales to our
existing  owners)  was 11% and 10%  during  2005  and  2006,  respectively.  The
increase in the number of prospects seen by Bluegreen Resorts and,  consequently
the increase in sales was  partially  due to our eight new sales sites.  Our new
sales  offices  include an offsite sales office in Atlanta,  Georgia  (opened in
November 2005), an offsite sales office in Chicago, Illinois (opened in February
2006), an offsite sales office in Las Vegas,  Nevada (opened in July 2006),  and
sales offices  located at two of our new resorts:  Daytona  SeaBreeze in Daytona
Beach Shores,  Florida (opened in December 2005),  and Carolina Grande in Myrtle
Beach,  South Carolina  (opened in March 2006).  We also opened sales offices in
Williamsburg,  Virginia (opened in August 2006) and Wisconsin  Dells,  Wisconsin
(opened in July 2006) on the grounds where we recently purchased  properties for
future  resort   locations.   The  increase  in  the  average  sales  price  per
transaction,  primarily due to a system-wide price increase effective January 1,
2006 also contributed to the increase in sales.

The $47.6  million or 15%  increase in Bluegreen  Resorts'  sales during 2005 as
compared to 2004 was due primarily to same-site  sales  increases at our various
sales  offices.  Same-site  sales  increases  aggregated  $42.2 million and were
highlighted  by the increase in sales at The Fountains  sales office in Orlando,
Florida, our Dallas, Texas offsite sales office, our Harbour Lights sales office
in Myrtle Beach,  South Carolina and our Bluegreen  Wilderness Club at Big Cedar
sales  office.  We  opened  four new sales  sites in 2005,  which  generated  an
aggregate of $5.4 million in sales.  Our new sales sites were our offsite  sales
office in King of  Prussia,  Pennsylvania  (opened  March 2005 and  subsequently
closed in December of 2006),  our sales  office at the Suites at Hershey  resort
(opened  June  2005),  our offsite  sales  office in  Atlanta,  Georgia  (opened
November  2005) and our sales  office at the Daytona  SeaBreeze  resort  (opened
December  2005).  The overall sales increase was also due to our continued focus
on marketing to our growing Bluegreen  Vacation Club owner base. Sales to owners
increased to approximately  28% of Resorts' sales during 2005 as compared to 24%
of Resorts'  sales in 2004.  This,  combined with a 12% overall  increase in the
number of sales prospects seen by Bluegreen Resorts from  approximately  257,000
prospects  during 2004 to  approximately  287,000  prospects  during 2005, and a
slightly higher sale-to-tour  conversion ratio during 2005 (increasing to 13% in
2005 from 12% in 2004)  significantly  contributed to the overall sales increase
during 2005 as compared to 2004.

Bluegreen  Resorts' gross margin  percentages  vary between periods based on the
relative costs of the specific VOIs sold in each  respective  period.  Excluding
the adoption of SFAS No. 152, our gross  margin  would have  increased  from 78%
during  2005  to 79%  during  2006,  primarily  as a  result  of the  previously
discussed price increase. As compared to the 26% gross margin in 2004, our gross
margin for 2005 was favorably impacted by the sale of relatively lower cost VOIs
acquired  through   opportunistic   acquisitions  in  2003.   Approximately  144
condominium  units in which we were  selling  VOIs were  constructed  and became
available  for  sale at the  beginning  of 2005 at The  Fountains,  which  had a
product cost of approximately 20% of sales price.

Other resort operations  revenues  decreased $12.6 million or 20% during 2006 as
compared to 2005.  Excluding the impact of SFAS No. 152, other resort operations
revenue would have decreased $3.5 million or 5% during 2006 as compared to 2005.
The  adoption  of SFAS  No.  152 had  the  impact  of  decreasing  other  resort
operations  revenue due to the  reclassification  of rental  proceeds from other
resort  operations  revenue  to net  against  cost of other  resort  operations,
partially offset by the  classification  of revenue for sales incentives for VOI
sales to other resort operations revenue.  The 2006 results also represent lower
sales of mini-vacation packages on behalf of third parties. During 2006, we have
been transitioning our mini-vacation package business from primarily selling the
packages to third-parties  to using the sales tours generated by  mini-vacations
primarily for use at our own sales offices.  This  transition was  substantially
completed  in the second half of 2006.  As a result,  this has had the effect of
increasing the profitability of our other resort  operations  (reducing costs in
excess of  revenues)  but  increasing  our selling and  marketing  costs.  These
decreases were partially  offset by increases in fees earned by our wholly-owned
title  company as well as higher  resort  management  fees  earned by our resort
management company.  Resort management


                                                                              41
<PAGE>

fees  increased in the aggregate due to an increase in the number of resorts for
which we provide management services.

Other resort  operations  revenues  increased  $5.3 million or 9% during 2005 as
compared to 2004.  The increase was  primarily  due to higher fees earned by our
wholly-owned title company for providing title processing services on all of our
VOI sales, commensurate with the increase in resort sales.

Cost of other resort operations  decreased $26.2 million, or 38%, during 2006 as
compared to 2005.  Excluding  the impact of SFAS No. 152,  cost of other  resort
operations  would have decreased $11.9 million or 17% during 2006 as compared to
2005.  The adoption of SFAS No. 152 had the impact of  decreasing  cost of other
resort operations due primarily to the  reclassification of rental proceeds from
other resort operations revenue and the  reclassification of the net proceeds of
the Sampler  Program from selling and marketing  expenses to a reduction to cost
of other resort operations.  The decrease also reflects a significant  reduction
in the amount of cost related to mini-vacations sold on behalf of third parties,
as previously discussed,  partially offset by higher subsidies incurred relative
to the property owners' associations that maintain our resorts.  These subsidies
increased in the aggregate based on an increase in our unsold VOI inventory.

Cost of other  resort  operations  increased  $5.1  million or 8% during 2005 as
compared to 2004.  The  increase in the cost of other resort  operations  was in
connection with increases in the related revenues discussed above as well as due
to higher subsidies paid to the property owners'  associations that maintain our
resorts.  These subsidies increased in the aggregate based on an increase in our
VOI inventory.

Selling and marketing  expenses for Bluegreen Resorts increased $44.4 million or
23% during 2006 as  compared  to 2005.  As a  percentage  of sales,  selling and
marketing  expenses  increased  from 55%  during  2005 to 60% during  2006.  The
increase in selling and marketing expense during 2006, as compared to 2005, also
reflects a general  increase in overall  marketing  expenses  due  primarily  to
start-up costs related to new marketing alliances,  higher marketing expenses as
a  percentage  of sales at our  newly  opened  off-site  sales  offices  and the
previously discussed  transition of our mini-vacations  packages from being sold
externally to being used internally. These increases are partially offset by the
favorable  impact on selling  and  marketing  cost of the  increase  in sales to
existing  owners  during 2006 as compared to 2005.  Excluding the impact of SFAS
No. 152, selling and marketing expense would have increased $41.9 million or 21%
during 2006 as compared to 2005. As a percentage of sales, on a pro forma basis,
selling  and  marketing  expenses  increased  from 55% during 2005 to 57% during
2006.  The  adoption  of SFAS No. 152 had the impact of  increasing  selling and
marketing  expenses  as a  percentage  of  sales as a  result  of the  immediate
recognition of marketing  expenses  associated  with certain VOI sales that have
not yet been recognized,  and due to the  reclassification of the net profits of
the Sampler  Program from selling and marketing  expenses to a reduction of cost
of other resort operations.

Selling and marketing  expenses for Bluegreen Resorts increased $30.2 million or
18% during 2005 as  compared  to 2004.  As a  percentage  of sales,  selling and
marketing expenses increased to approximately 55% during 2005 as compared to 53%
for 2004.  The increase in selling and  marketing  expenses as a  percentage  of
sales was  primarily a result of start-up  marketing  costs  incurred at our new
sales offices, partially offset by the favorable impact on selling and marketing
cost of the  increase  in sales to  existing  owners  during 2005 as compared to
2004.

We believe that selling and  marketing  expenses as a percentage  of sales is an
important  indicator of the performance of Bluegreen Resorts and our performance
as a whole. No assurances can be given that selling and marketing  expenses will
not continue to increase as a percentage of sales in future periods.

Field general and  administrative  expenses for Bluegreen Resorts increased $5.1
million or 24% during 2006 as compared to 2005. As a percentage of sales,  field
general and administrative expenses increased from 6% during 2005 to 7% in 2006;
however, excluding the impact of SFAS No. 152, the expenses would have only been
6% of sales.  Field general and  administrative  expenses for Bluegreen  Resorts
increased  $5.3 million or 33% during 2005 as compared to 2004.  The increase in
field general and administrative expenses in both periods was primarily a result
of the cost of opening and operating our new sales  offices.  Additionally,  the
increase in 2006 also reflects  costs to close an off-site  sales office located
in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.

As of December 31, 2006,  approximately $27.3 million and $15.3 million of Sales
and Field  Operating  Profit,  respectively,  were  deferred  under SFAS No. 152
because such sales did not meet the minimum required initial investment.

Bluegreen  Communities.  During  2004,  2005,  and 2006,  Bluegreen  Communities
generated $191.8 million (38%),  $192.1 million (35%), and $164.0 million (29%),
of our total consolidated sales, respectively.


                                                                              42
<PAGE>

The table below sets forth the number of homesites sold by Bluegreen Communities
and the average  sales price per  homesite  for the  periods  indicated,  before
giving effect to the  percentage-of-completion  method of  accounting,  sales in
certain  properties that had not completed the platting  process,  and excluding
sales of bulk parcels.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Year Ended
                                                          ----------------------------------------------
                                                          December 31,    December 31,      December 31,
                                                              2004            2005              2006
                                                              ----            ----              ----
<S>                                                        <C>              <C>               <C>
                 Number of homesites sold ...........         2,765            2,287             1,750
                 Average sales price per homesite ...      $ 69,136         $ 80,188          $ 81,478
                 Gross margin .......................            45%              48%               45%
</TABLE>

Bluegreen  Communities'  sales  decreased  $28.1  million or 15% during  2006 as
compared  to  2005  as  a  result  of  several  of  the  Company's  more  mature
developments  either approaching sell out or selling out during 2006, as well as
the impact of certain revenue  recognition  policies described below,  partially
offset by sales generated at new Bluegreen  Communities  that commenced sales in
2006. Before giving effect to the percentage-of-completion method of accounting,
during 2006 we entered into contracts to sell homesites totaling $158.1 million,
as compared to $200.4 million during 2005.  These sales consisted of real estate
sold at the following properties:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Properties Not Substantially Sold Out at
                                                          December 31, 2006 (in 000's)
                                                          ----------------------------
      Project                                     2005                  2006               Difference
      -------                                     ----                  ----               ----------
<S>                                             <C>                   <C>                   <C>
      Chapel Ridge                              $ 27,492              $ 23,894              $ (3,598)
      Mystic Shores                               26,639                36,819                10,180
      Havenwood at Hunter's Crossing                  --                13,166                13,166
      Lake Ridge at Joe Pool Lake                 12,688                12,919                   231
      Vintage Oaks at the Vineyard                    --                 6,764                 6,764
      The Bridges at Preston Crossing                 --                 4,487                 4,487
      SugarTree on the Brazos                      6,229                 1,351                (4,878)
      Saddle Creek Forest                         10,207                 6,454                (3,753)
      The Settlement at Patriot Ranch              2,749                 6,468                 3,719
      King Oaks                                       --                   724                   724
                                                --------              --------              --------
         Total                                  $ 86,004              $113,046              $ 27,042
                                                ========              ========              ========

<CAPTION>
                                                  Properties Substantially Sold Out as of or Prior to
                                                            December 31, 2006 (in 000's)
                                                            ----------------------------
      Project                                     2005                  2006               Difference
      -------                                     ----                  ----               ----------
<S>                                             <C>                   <C>                   <C>
      Sanctuary Cove at St.
        Andrews Sound                           $ 55,798              $  7,400              $(48,398)
      Traditions of Braselton                     22,490                 2,797               (19,693)
      Mountain Springs Ranch                      13,585                16,488                 2,903
      Big Country                                     --                 7,000                 7,000
      Mountain Lakes Ranch                         5,534                    --                (5,534)
      Catawba Falls Preserve                       4,271                 6,418                 2,147
      Silver Lakes Ranch                           4,216                   185                (4,031)
      Brickshire                                   3,873                 2,074                (1,799)
      Yellow Stone Creek Ranch                     1,061                 1,265                   204
      Quail Springs                                  897                    40                  (857)
      Winding River                                  636                    --                  (636)
      RidgeLake                                      614                   577                   (37)
      Riverwood Forest                               463                    --                  (463)
      Terra Medina                                   213                    --                  (213)
      Miscellaneous                                  759                   859                   100
                                                --------              --------              --------
         Total                                  $114,410              $ 45,103              $(69,307)
                                                ========              ========              ========
</TABLE>


                                                                              43
<PAGE>

Bluegreen  Communities  sales were reduced by $3.4 million  during 2005 and were
increased by $12.1  million  during 2006 as a result of the  application  of the
percentage-of-completion  method  of  accounting.   Additionally,   because  the
platting  process  for  certain  properties  sold  near  the end of 2006 was not
completed   until  before  the  end  of  2006,   we  were  unable  to  recognize
approximately  $8.4 million sales in 2006,  that is anticipated to be recognized
in 2007.

Bluegreen  Communities' sales increased  approximately $0.3 million or less than
1% during  2005 as  compared to 2004 due  primarily  to the  sell-out of several
communities during 2005. The primary reason for our slower growth in Communities
was Traditions of Braselton,  a 1,142-acre  golf course  community in Braselton,
Georgia, and Brickshire,  our golf course community located in New Kent Virginia
were  substantially  sold out and  higher  sales  were  generated  during  2004.
Partially  offsetting  these  declines  were  higher  sales at many of our other
communities,  including  Sanctuary Cove at St. Andrews Sound, our  approximately
500-acre golf course  community in  Brunswick,  Georgia,  and Chapel Ridge,  our
approximately  800-acre golf course community in Chatham County, North Carolina.
During 2005,  we  commenced  sales at  SugarTree  on the Brazos,  our  community
located outside Fort Worth,  Texas,  Saddle Creek Forest,  our community located
near Houston,  Texas and The Settlement at Patriot Ranch, our community  located
near San Antonio, Texas.

As noted above, certain of our properties substantially sold out earlier in 2005
and 2006 than previously  anticipated as a result of the continued strong demand
for our  communities and our challenge to replace  sold-out  properties with new
communities with similar profit margins.  Although there is no assurance that we
will be successful,  we are continually  exploring the acquisition of properties
in  markets  where we  currently  conduct  business,  and in new  regions of the
country,  in an attempt to  maintain  appropriate  levels of  properties  in our
portfolio.

Bluegreen  Communities'  gross margin decreased from 48% in 2005 to 45% in 2006.
Variations in cost  structures and the market pricing of projects  available for
sale as well as the  opening  of  phases  of  projects,  which  include  premium
homesites  (e.g.,  water frontage,  preferred views,  larger acreage  homesites,
etc.) impact the gross margin of  Bluegreen  Communities  from period to period.
These  factors,  as well as the impact of  percentage-of-completion  accounting,
will cause variations in gross margin between periods, although the gross margin
of Bluegreen  Communities has historically been between 45% and 55% of sales and
is expected to approximate  these  percentages  for the foreseeable  future.  In
addition, during 2006, our gross margin was negatively impacted by the bulk sale
of property near San Diego,  California,  which had a relatively low margin,  as
well as the  recognition of a charge of  approximately  $3.0 million to repair a
lake amenity at a nearly sold-out Bluegreen community.

Bluegreen Communities' gross margin increased from 45% in 2004 to 48% in 2005 as
a result of variations  in cost  structures  and the market  pricing of projects
available  for sale as well as the opening of phases of projects  which  include
premium  homesites  (e.g.,  water  frontage,  preferred  views,  larger  acreage
homesites, etc.).

Other communities  operations include the operation of our golf courses, as well
as realty resale  operations  at several of our  residential  land  communities.
Other communities  operations  revenues  increased $2.4 million or 25% from $9.5
million to $11.9  million and the related  costs  increased  $2.1 million or 24%
from $8.7 million to $10.8  million  during 2005 and 2006,  respectively.  These
increases were primarily due to the opening of daily-fee golf courses located at
our Chapel Ridge and Sanctuary Cove at St. Andrew's Sound communities.

Other communities'  operations  revenues increased $2.1 million or 28% from $7.4
million to $9.5 million and the related costs increased $1.4 million or 19% from
$7.3  million  to $8.7  million  during  2004 and 2005,  respectively.  This was
primarily due to increased  play at our Traditions of Braselton and the Preserve
at Jordan Lake golf courses located in Georgia and North Carolina, respectively.

Our golf course operations  incurred aggregate losses of $176,000,  and $380,000
during 2004 and 2005,  respectively,  and in 2006 earned an aggregate  profit of
$431,000.  The  results  of  golf  course  operations  reflect  fixed  operating
expenses,  low seasonal  revenues during the winter months and high  maintenance
costs  during  periods  when  we are  marketing  homesites  in  the  surrounding
community.  Also,  certain of our golf courses are still in their early years of
operations during the periods  presented.  We believe that the operating results
of these new courses should improve as individuals who have purchased  homesites
in the  communities  in which these  courses  are located  build their homes and
begin living in the community, as this should increase the amount of play on our
golf courses.  However, there is no assurance that such improvement in operating
results will be achieved.

Selling and marketing  expenses for Bluegreen  Communities  decreased from $33.6
million in 2005 to $27.6 million in 2006. As a percentage of sales,  selling and
marketing  expenses  remained constant at 17% during 2005 and 2006. The decrease
in  total  selling  and  marketing  costs  in 2006  reflected  lower  commission
commensurate  with the sales  decrease  and as a result of 2006 bulk sales which
typically  carry a lower  commission  percentage.  This  decrease was


                                                                              44
<PAGE>

partially offset by higher advertising expenses,  which were the result of start
up advertising associated with our new developments.

Selling and marketing  expenses for Bluegreen  Communities  decreased from $36.8
million in 2004 to $33.6  million in 2005.  As a percentage of sales selling and
marketing expenses decreased from 19% in 2004 to 17% in 2005. These expenditures
decreased  as a  percentage  of sales due to a higher  average  sales  price per
homesite  coupled  with  relative  advertising  efficiencies  at our golf course
communities in Georgia, as compared to our other projects.

Bluegreen Communities' general and administrative  expenses decreased from $11.8
million during 2005 to $10.8 million  during 2006.  This decrease in general and
administrative  expenses in 2006 was due to the closure of five sales offices in
the second  half of 2005.  The offices at Silver  Lakes  Ranch,  Mountain  Lakes
Ranch,  Quail Springs  Ranch,  Brickshire,  and the Traditions of Braselton were
closed  as a  result  of the  substantial  sell  out at  these  locations.  As a
percentage of sales,  general and  administrative  expenses increased from 6% in
2005  to 7% in  2006,  reflecting  the  overall  decrease  in  sales.  Bluegreen
Communities' general and administrative  expenses remained constant from 2004 to
2005.

As of December 31, 2005,  Bluegreen  Communities  had $30.7 million of sales and
$12.4 million of Field Operating Profit deferred under  percentage-of-completion
accounting.  As of December 31, 2006, Bluegreen Communities had $18.6 million of
sales   and   $7.7   million   of  Field   Operating   Profit   deferred   under
percentage-of-completion accounting.

Corporate  General  and  Administrative  Expenses.  Our  corporate  general  and
administrative   expenses   consist   primarily  of  expenses   associated  with
administering  the various  support  functions  at our  corporate  headquarters,
including  accounting,   human  resources,   information  technology,   resorts'
acquisition  and  development,  mortgage  servicing,  treasury  and legal.  Such
expenses were $32.7 million, $38.0 million and $52.2 million for 2004, 2005, and
2006, respectively.

The $14.2  million or 37%  increase  in  corporate  general  and  administrative
expenses during 2006 as compared to 2005 was primarily due to:

      o     the recognition of stock  compensation  expense of $2.9 million as a
            result of adopting the  provisions of SFAS No. 123R (revised  2004),
            Share-Based  Payment,  ("SFAS No.  123R"),  including  $0.6  million
            related to the  modification  of existing stock options of our Chief
            Executive  Officer who retired at the end of 2006 (our "Former Chief
            Executive Officer") and charges totaling $2.6 million related to the
            total  compensation  payable under a separation  agreement  with our
            Former Chief Executive Officer;

      o     the  recognition  of expenses  totaling  approximately  $2.1 million
            associated  with the adoption of our  shareholders'  rights plan and
            related litigation;

      o     a $1.1 million  write-off  related to the  abandonment of a software
            development project; and,

      o     an overall increase in corporate  headcount to support our growth at
            Bluegreen Resorts.

These  increases  were  partially  off-set by higher  profits  from our mortgage
servicing  operations in 2006 as compared to 2005. As previously  discussed,  we
earn  fees  for  servicing  the  notes  receivable  that  we  have  sold in term
securitization  transactions  and through  our  vacation  ownership  receivables
purchase facilities.

The $5.3  million  or 16%  increase  in  corporate  general  and  administrative
expenses during 2005 as compared to 2004 was primarily due to:

      o     the  expansion  of our  corporate  facilities,  as well as increased
            personnel and other expenses in our information  technology,  resort
            acquisitions and development,  and accounting departments to support
            our growth;

      o     increased   accounting  and  auditing   expenses  of  $1.8  million,
            primarily  incurred in connection with requirements  associated with
            the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and,

      o     severance charges of approximately  $1.0 million associated with the
            departure of our former Chief Financial Officer.

These  increases  were  partially  off-set by lower  legal  expenses  and higher
profits from our mortgage  servicing  operation realized during 2005 as compared
to 2004.

For a discussion of field  selling,  general and  administrative  expenses,  see
"Sales and Field Operations," above.

Interest Income.  Interest income is earned from our notes receivable,  retained
interests  in notes  receivable  sold and  cash and cash  equivalents.  Interest
income was $35.9 million,  $34.8 million,  and $40.8 million for 2004, 2005, and


                                                                              45
<PAGE>

2006,  respectively.  The increase in interest income during 2006 as compared to
2005 was due primarily to higher interest  accretion on our retained interest in
notes receivable sold (as a result of higher average retained  interests in 2006
due to the sale of additional  notes  receivable)  and higher  average  vacation
ownership  notes  receivable  balances  during  2006 as  compared  to  2005.  In
addition,  we  recognized  an  other-than-temporary  decrease  of  approximately
$39,000 in the fair value of our retained interest in a 2002 vacation  ownership
receivables securitization  transaction,  based on higher than projected default
rates in the portfolio sold.

The decrease in interest  income  during 2005 was due to lower  interest  income
earned from our notes  receivable  commensurate  with a lower average  aggregate
notes receivable balance during the period as compared to 2004. In addition,  we
recognized an  other-than-temporary  decrease of  approximately  $539,000 in the
fair value of our retained  interest in a 2002  vacation  ownership  receivables
securitization transaction,  based on higher than projected default rates in the
portfolio sold.

Gain on Sales  of Notes  Receivable.  We  recognized  gains on the sale of notes
receivable totaling $26.0 million, $25.2 million, and $44.7 million during 2004,
2005,  and  2006,   respectively.   As  a  result  of  adopting  SFAS  No.  152,
approximately  $38.8 million of the gain in 2006 was reflected as an increase to
VOI sales. We sell a portion of our vacation ownership notes receivable pursuant
to  vacation  ownership  receivables  securitization   transactions  or  through
vacation  ownership  receivables  purchase  facilities  that  qualify  for  sale
treatment per SFAS No. 140.

The amount of notes  receivable sold during a period depends on several factors,
including  the  amount  of  availability,  if any,  under  receivables  purchase
facilities,  the amount of eligible  receivables  available  for sale,  our cash
requirements,  the  covenants  and other  provisions  of the  relevant  vacation
ownership  receivables  purchase  facility  (as  described  further  below)  and
management's discretion.  The generally accepted accounting principles governing
our sale of receivable  transactions is evolving and achieving off-balance sheet
accounting  treatment is becoming more  difficult.  Due to the complexity of the
accounting rules surrounding such transactions, we have decided to limit the use
of off-balance sheet structures in the future. In 2006, we structured a vacation
ownership  receivables purchase facility that is used to accumulate  receivables
pending a term securitization transaction in a manner so as to account for sales
of receivables under such facilities as on-balance sheet borrowings  pursuant to
SFAS No.  140.  No gains were  recognized  on the sales of  receivables  to this
facility until the receivables were included in an appropriately structured term
securitization  transaction. We expect to continue this accounting treatment for
similarly  structured  facilities in the  foreseeable  future.  As a result,  we
expect  that  the   volatility   of  our   quarterly   earnings   will  increase
prospectively,  but we do not anticipate that this will materially impact annual
earnings,  assuming the continued  availability  of the  facilities and ultimate
securitizations.

Interest Expense.  Interest expense was $18.4 million,  $14.5 million, and $18.8
million for 2004,  2005,  and 2006,  respectively.  The 30% increase in interest
expense for 2006 as compared 2005, was primarily a result of higher average debt
outstanding  and higher  interest  rates in 2006  partially  offset by increased
capitalized interest on current development  activity.  Average debt outstanding
in 2006  increased  in part as a result of our  on-balance  sheet  treatment  of
transfers to the BB&T  Purchase  Facility (as  discussed  further  under "Credit
Facilities  for  Bluegreen  Resorts  Receivables  and  Inventories")  and due to
increased  borrowings in connection  with inventory  acquisition and development
activities.  The 21% decrease in interest expense for 2005 as compared 2004, was
primarily a result of lower average debt  outstanding  and more  interest  being
capitalized due to increased  construction  activity,  partially  off-set by the
impact of increased borrowing rates.

Total interest expense capitalized to construction in progress was $7.9 million,
$10.0 million and $12.1 million for 2004, 2005, and 2006, respectively.

Our effective cost of borrowing was 8.1%,  8.9%,  and 10.5% for 2004,  2005, and
2006, respectively.

Provision for Loan Losses. We recorded provisions for loan losses totaling $24.4
million and $27.6 million during 2004 and 2005, respectively. This provision was
based on our estimate of the  expected  performance  of our  vacation  ownership
notes  receivable,  reduced by the estimated  value of the underlying  inventory
that was  anticipated to be recovered upon default.  Effective  January 1, 2006,
SFAS No. 152 requires that the estimated losses on originated vacation ownership
mortgages  exclude the benefit of an estimate for the value of future recoveries
and further  requires that the provision for loan losses for vacation  ownership
receivables be reflected as a reduction of VOI sales.  Accordingly,  during 2006
our  provision for loan losses of $59.6 million was recorded as reduction of VOI
sales.  The 13% and 116%  increases in the provision for loan losses during 2005
and 2006,  respectively,  were  primarily due to increases in Bluegreen  Resorts
sales,  approximately  95% of which were financed by us. The increase in 2006 as
compared to 2005 was also  attributable to no longer accounting for the value of
the future  inventory  recoveries as an offset to the provision for loan losses.
SFAS No. 152  provides  for the benefit of future  inventory  recoveries  in the


                                                                              46
<PAGE>

computation  of cost of sales.  Excluding  the impact of SFAS No. 152,  our 2006
provision for loan losses would have been $31.9 million.

The following  table  summarizes our allowance for loan losses by division as of
December 31, 2005 and 2006 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Bluegreen      Bluegreen
                                                              Resorts      Communities         Other         Total
                                                              -------      -----------         -----         -----
                                                                               (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>
      December 31, 2005:
      Notes receivable .............................         $ 131,058       $   7,408       $     186     $ 138,652
      Allowance for loan losses ....................           (10,466)           (217)           (186)      (10,869)
                                                             ---------       ---------       ---------     ---------
      Notes receivable, net ........................         $ 120,592       $   7,191       $      --     $ 127,783
                                                             =========       =========       =========     =========
      Allowance as a % of gross notes
        receivable .................................                 8%              3%            100%            8%
                                                             =========       =========       =========     =========

      December 31, 2006:
      Notes receivable .............................         $ 150,649       $   6,915       $     186     $ 157,750
      Allowance for loan losses ....................           (13,140)           (173)           (186)      (13,499)
                                                             ---------       ---------       ---------     ---------
      Notes receivable, net ........................         $ 137,509       $   6,742       $      --     $ 144,251
                                                             =========       =========       =========     =========
      Allowance as a % of gross notes
        receivable .................................                 9%              3%            100%            9%
                                                             =========       =========       =========     =========
</TABLE>

Minority Interest in Income of Consolidated  Subsidiary.  We include the results
of operations and financial position of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations,  LLC (the
"Subsidiary"),   our  51%-owned  subsidiary,   in  our  consolidated   financial
statements  (See Note 1 of the Notes to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements for
further information). The minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiary
is the portion of our  consolidated  pre-tax income that is earned by Big Cedar,
LLC, the unaffiliated 49% interest holder in the Subsidiary.  Minority  interest
in income of consolidated  Subsidiary was $4.1 million,  $4.8 million,  and $7.3
million  for  2004,  2005,  and  2006,  respectively.  Pre-tax  income  for  the
subsidiary  has increased  over the periods  presented as sales at the Bluegreen
Wilderness Club at Big Cedar have increased.

Provision  for Income  Taxes.  Our  effective  income tax rate  during  2006 was
approximately  37.8% as  compared  to 38.5%  during  2005 and 2004.  Our  annual
effective  income tax rate varies as our mix of taxable  earnings shifts amongst
the various states in which we operate.

In March of 2007, we received  notice from the IRS that our 2004 federal  income
tax return had been selected for examination.

Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting  Principle,  Net. The adoption of SFAS
No. 152 on January 1, 2006 resulted in a net  after-tax  charge of $4.5 million,
which is presented as a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle. The
cumulative effect of change in accounting  principle  primarily  consists of the
deferral  of VOI  sales  and  related  costs  for  sales  that  were  previously
recognized  but did not meet the required  down payment  threshold at January 1,
2006,  due to certain sales  incentives  provided to buyers and the treatment of
our Sampler Program,  and the related tax benefit,  net of the cumulative effect
of change in accounting principle charge related to the minority interest in the
Subsidiary.

Summary. Based on the factors discussed above, our net income was $42.6 million,
$46.6 million, and $29.8 million for 2004, 2005, and 2006, respectively.


                                       47
<PAGE>

Changes in Financial Condition

The  following  table  summarizes  our cash flows for 2004,  2005,  and 2006 (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Year ended
                                                          ------------------------------------------------------
                                                          December 31,         December 31,         December 31,
                                                              2004                 2005                  2006
                                                          ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                  <C>                  <C>
Cash flow provided (used) by operating activities           $ 91,756             $ 55,583             $ (8,295)
Cash flow provided (used) by investing activities            (10,538)              (8,141)               4,461
Cash flow used by financing activities                       (39,232)             (63,303)              (9,722)
                                                            --------             --------             --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash                             $ 41,986             $(15,861)            $(13,556)
                                                            ========             ========             ========
</TABLE>

Cash Flows From  Operating  Activities.  Cash  flows from  operating  activities
decreased  $63.9  million or 115% from net cash  inflows  of $55.6  million to a
decrease of $8.3 million  during the years ended  December 31, 2005 and December
31,  2006,  respectively.  The  decrease  in cash flows  provided  by  operating
activities during 2006 compared to 2005 was primarily driven by higher inventory
acquisition and development  spending and an increase in notes receivable due to
increased VOI sales. During 2006 we acquired land for four Bluegreen Communities
(The Bridges at Preston Crossing,  King Oaks, Vintage Oaks at the Vineyard,  and
Legacy Oaks) as well as three parcels of land for Bluegreen  Resorts (located in
Newland,  North  Carolina;  Williamsburg,   Virginia;  Las  Vegas,  Nevada;  and
Wisconsin  Dells,  Wisconsin).  Partially  offsetting the decrease in cash flows
from  operations was higher  proceeds from the sale of notes  receivable  during
2006, as compared to 2005.

Cash flows from  operating  activities  decreased  $36.2 million or 39% from net
cash inflows of $91.8 million to $55.6 million  during the years ended  December
31, 2004 and December 31, 2005, respectively. This decrease was due primarily to
higher  construction  and development  spending during 2005 as compared to 2004.
Additionally,  during  2005 we  acquired  land for three  Bluegreen  Communities
developments  (Saddle  Creek  Forest,  The  Settlement  at  Patriot  Ranch,  and
Havenwood at Hunter's  Crossing) and three vacation  ownership  resorts (Daytona
SeaBreeze,  SeaGlass Tower, and Carolina Grande), as compared to the acquisition
of only one  vacation  ownership  resort (the  Suites at  Hershey)  and only two
communities  (SugarTree  on the Brazos  and Chapel  Ridge)  during  2004.  These
acquisition  and related  construction  and  development  costs were paid with a
combination of cash and borrowings.

We report cash flows from  borrowings  collateralized  by notes  receivable  and
sales of notes receivable as operating activities in the consolidated statements
of  cash  flows.  The  majority  of  Bluegreen  Resorts'  sales  result  in  the
origination  of  notes   receivable   from  its  customers.   While  subject  to
availability and market conditions,  we believe that accelerating the conversion
of such notes  receivable  into cash,  either  through the pledge or sale of our
notes receivable,  on a regular basis is an integral function of our operations,
and have therefore classified such activities as operating activities.

Cash Flows From  Investing  Activities.  Cash  flows from  investing  activities
increased  $12.6  million or 155% from net cash  outflows of $8.1 million to net
inflows of $4.5  million for the years ended  December 31, 2005 and December 31,
2006,  respectively.  This increase was due primarily to higher  amounts of cash
received in 2006 from our retained  interests  in notes  receivable  sold.  This
increase was partially  offset by higher  expenditures  in 2006 for property and
equipment as compared to 2005.

Cash flows used by investing  activities  decreased $2.4 million or 23% from net
cash outflows of $10.5 million to $8.1 million for the years ended  December 31,
2004 and December 31, 2005,  respectively.  This  increase was due  primarily to
higher  amounts of cash  received in 2005 from our  retained  interests in notes
receivable  sold,  as we did not  begin  receiving  cash  flows on our  retained
interest in a 2004 Term  Securitization  transaction  until the third quarter of
2005 due to reserve funding requirements.  The remainder of the increase in cash
flows  from  investing  activities  was due to  lower  expenditures  in 2005 for
property and equipment as compared to 2004.

Cash Flows From Financing  Activities.  Cash flows used by financing  activities
decreased  $53.6  million or 85% from net cash outflows of $63.3 million to $9.7
million  during  the years  ended  December  31,  2005 and  December  31,  2006,
respectively.  In 2005, we redeemed  $55.0  million of our 10.5% Senior  Secured
Notes. Additionally, we borrowed $56.7 million in 2006 under our lines-of-credit
compared to $26.4 million in 2005. These cash flows were partially offset by the
receipt of $59.3  million of proceeds  in  connection  with our  issuance of the
junior subordinated debentures in 2005, as compared to the receipt of only $30.9
million of such proceeds during 2006.

Cash flows used by financing  activities increased $24.1 million or 61% from net
cash outflows of $39.2 million to $63.3 million  during the years ended December
31, 2004 and December 31, 2005, respectively. This increase was


                                                                              48
<PAGE>

due primarily to the  redemption of $55.0 million of our senior secured notes as
well as lower borrowings under our credit  facilities during 2005 as compared to
2004.  These outflows were  partially  offset by the receipt of $59.3 million of
cash in connection with our issuance of the junior subordinated debentures.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our capital resources are provided from both internal and external sources.  Our
primary capital  resources from internal  operations  are: (i) cash sales,  (ii)
down payments on homesite and VOI sales which are financed,  (iii) proceeds from
the sale of, or borrowings  collateralized by, notes receivable,  including cash
received from our retained  interests in notes  receivable  sold, (iv) principal
and interest payments on the purchase money mortgage loans arising from sales of
VOIs and homesites  and (v) net cash  generated  from other resort  services and
other communities operations.  Historically,  external sources of liquidity have
included  non-recourse  sales of notes receivable,  borrowings under secured and
unsecured  lines-of-credit,  seller and bank financing of inventory acquisitions
and the issuance of debt securities.  Our capital  resources are used to support
our operations, including (i) acquiring and developing inventory, (ii) providing
financing  for customer  purchases,  (iii) funding  operating  expenses and (iv)
satisfying our debt and other  obligations.  As we are  continually  selling and
marketing  real  estate  (VOIs  and  homesites),  it  is  necessary  for  us  to
continually acquire and develop new resorts and communities in order to maintain
adequate levels of inventory to support  operations.  We anticipate that we will
continue to require  external  sources of liquidity  to support our  operations,
satisfy our debt and other obligations and to provide funds for growth.

Our level of debt and debt service  requirements  have several important effects
on our  operations,  including  the  following:  (i) we  have  significant  cash
requirements to service debt, reducing funds available for operations and future
business  opportunities and increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and
industry conditions;  (ii) our leveraged position increases our vulnerability to
economic and  competitive  pressures;  (iii) the  financial  covenants and other
restrictions  contained  in the  indentures,  the  credit  agreements  and other
agreements  relating to our  indebtedness  require us to meet certain  financial
tests and restrict our ability to, among other things,  borrow additional funds,
dispose of assets,  make  investments  or pay cash  dividends on, or repurchase,
preferred or common stock; and (iv) funds available for working capital, capital
expenditures,  acquisitions  and  general  corporate  purposes  may be  limited.
Certain of our  competitors  operate on a less leveraged  basis and have greater
operating and financial flexibility than we do.

Subject to the continued  availability of financing and liquidity,  we currently
intend to  continue  to pursue a  growth-oriented  strategy,  particularly  with
respect to our Bluegreen  Resorts  business  segment.  In  connection  with this
strategy,  we may from time to time  acquire,  among  other  things,  additional
resort  properties  and  completed but unsold VOIs;  land upon which  additional
resorts  may  be  built;  management  contracts;  loan  portfolios  of  vacation
ownership mortgages;  portfolios which include properties or assets which may be
integrated  into our  operations;  interests in joint  ventures;  and  operating
companies providing or possessing  management,  sales,  marketing,  development,
administration  and/or other  expertise  with respect to our  operations  in the
vacation  ownership  industry.  In  addition,  we  intend to  continue  to focus
Bluegreen  Communities'  activities on larger,  more capital intensive  projects
particularly  in those  regions  where we believe the market for our products is
strongest,  such as new golf  communities  in the  Southeast and other areas and
continued growth in our successful regions in Texas.

The  following is a discussion of our purchase and credit  facilities  that were
important  sources of our liquidity as of December 31, 2006. These facilities do
not constitute all of our outstanding  indebtedness as of December 31, 2006. Our
other indebtedness  includes  outstanding  senior secured notes payable,  junior
subordinated  debentures,  borrowings  collateralized by real estate inventories
that were not  incurred  pursuant  to an ongoing  credit  facility  and  capital
leases.

Vacation  Ownership   Receivables   Purchase   Facilities  -  Off-Balance  Sheet
Arrangements

Our ability to sell and/or borrow against our notes  receivable  from VOI buyers
is a critical factor in our continued  liquidity.  When we sell VOIs, a financed
buyer is only  required  to pay a minimum of 10% of the  purchase in cash at the
time of sale;  however,  selling,  marketing  and  administrative  expenses  are
primarily  cash expenses and, in our case for the year ended  December 31, 2006,
approximated  60% of sales.  Accordingly,  having  facilities  available for the
hypothecation  or sale of these  vacation  ownership  receivables  is a critical
factor to our ability to meet our short and long-term cash needs.

The 2006 GE Purchase  Facility.  In March 2006,  we  executed  agreements  for a
vacation  ownership   receivables  purchase  facility  (the  "2006  GE  Purchase
Facility")  with  General  Electric  Real  Estate  ("GE").  The 2006 GE Purchase
Facility  utilizes  an  owner's  trust  structure,  pursuant  to  which  we sell
receivables to Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance Corporation XI, our wholly-owned,
special  purpose  finance   subsidiary  ("BRFC  XI"),  and  BRFC  XI  sells  the


                                                                              49
<PAGE>

receivables to an owner's trust (a qualified  special  purpose  entity)  without
recourse  to  us  or  BRFC  XI  except  for   breaches   of  certain   customary
representations  and  warranties  at the time of sale. We did not enter into any
guarantees  in  connection  with  the  2006 GE  Purchase  Facility.  The 2006 GE
Purchase  Facility has detailed  requirements with respect to the eligibility of
receivables for purchase,  and fundings under the 2006 GE Purchase  Facility are
subject to certain  conditions  precedent.  Under the GE  Purchase  Facility,  a
variable  purchase price of  approximately  90% of the principal  balance of the
receivables sold,  subject to adjustment under certain terms and conditions,  is
paid at closing in cash.  The balance of the  purchase  price is deferred  until
such   time   as   GE   has   received   a   specified   return,   a   specified
overcollateralization  ratio is achieved, a cash reserve account is fully funded
and all  servicing,  custodial,  agent and similar fees and  expenses  have been
paid.  GE is  entitled  to receive a return  equal to the  applicable  Swap Rate
(which is essentially a published  interest swap  arrangement rate as defined in
the  2006  GE  Purchase  Facility  agreements)  plus  2.35%,  subject  to use of
alternate  return  rates in certain  circumstances.  In  addition,  we paid GE a
structuring  fee of  approximately  $437,500  in  March  2006,  which  is  being
amortized on a straight-line  basis through March 2008.  Subject to the terms of
the agreements,  we will act as servicer under the 2006 GE Purchase Facility for
a fee.

The  2006  GE  Purchase  Facility  includes  various   conditions  to  purchase,
covenants,  trigger events and other  provisions  customary for a transaction of
this type. GE's  obligation to purchase under the 2006 GE Purchase  Facility may
terminate  earlier  than the dates  noted above upon the  occurrence  of certain
specified events set forth in the 2006 GE Purchase  Facility  agreements.  These
specified events,  some of which are subject to materiality  qualifiers and cure
periods,  include, without limitation,  (i) the aggregate amount of all advances
under the GE Purchase Facility  equaling $125.0 million;  (ii) our breach of the
representations  or  warranties  in the 2006 GE  Purchase  Facility;  (iii)  our
failure to perform  our  covenants  in the 2006 GE Purchase  Facility;  (iv) our
commencement of bankruptcy or similar proceedings; (v) the amount of any advance
under   the   2006  GE   Purchase   Facility   failing   to  meet  a   specified
overcollateralization  amount; (vi) significant delinquencies or defaults on the
receivables  sold; (vii) recovery rates falling below a  pre-determined  amount;
(viii) a default or breach under any other agreement beyond the applicable grace
period if such  default or breach (a)  involves the failure to make a payment in
excess  of 5% of our  Tangible  Net Worth (as  defined  in the 2006 GE  Purchase
Facility  agreements to include our subordinated  debentures) or (b) causes,  or
permits the holder of  indebtedness  to cause,  an amount in excess of 5% of our
Tangible Net Worth to become due;  (ix) our Tangible Net Worth at the end of any
calendar  quarter not  equaling at least  $303.3  million plus 50% of net income
following  December  31,  2005;  (x)  the  ratio  of  our  debt  (excluding  our
subordinated debentures and receivable-backed debt of no more than $600 million)
to Tangible Net Worth  exceeding  2.50 to 1; (xi) the ratio of our  consolidated
earnings before interest,  taxes,  depreciation and amortization to our interest
expense (net of interest  income)  falling  below 2.00 to 1; (xii) the number of
points  available in the Bluegreen  Vacation  Club falling  below  approximately
930.7  million  points;  (xiii) our  ceasing to conduct the  vacation  ownership
business or to originate vacation ownership receivables or if certain changes in
our ownership or control  occur;  (xiv) the failure of certain of our resorts to
be  part  of the  Bluegreen  Vacation  Club  or be  managed  by  us,  one of our
subsidiaries  or another  entity  acceptable to GE; (xv)  operating  budgets and
reserve accounts maintained by the property owners' associations responsible for
maintaining  certain of our resorts  failing to comply with  applicable laws and
governing documents; (xvi) our failure to discharge, stay or bond pending appeal
any  final  judgments  for the  payment  of an  amount  in excess of 2.5% of our
Tangible  Net Worth in a timely  manner;  (xvii) our default  under or breach of
certain  resort  management  or marketing  contracts;  or (xviii) our failure to
perform  our  servicing   obligations,   otherwise  have  our  servicing  rights
terminated or if we do not exercise the Servicer Purchase Option pursuant to the
terms of the 2006 GE Purchase Facility.

The 2006 GE  Purchase  Facility  allows  for  sales of  notes  receivable  for a
cumulative  purchase  price of up to $125.0 million  through March 2008.  During
2006, the Company sold $72.0 million in vacation ownership receivables under the
2006 GE Purchase Facility for an aggregate  purchase price of $64.8 million.  As
of December  31, 2006,  the  remaining  availability  under the 2006 GE Purchase
Facility was $60.2 million in cumulative purchase price,  subject to eligibility
requirements and fulfillment of conditions precedent.

In January 2007, we sold $22.3 million in vacation  ownership  receivables under
the 2006 GE Purchase  Facility and received $20.1 million in cash  proceeds.  In
March 2007, we sold $16.0 million of vacation  ownership  receivables  under the
same facility and received $14.4 million in cash proceeds.

The 2006 GE Purchase  Facility  discussed  above and the  on-balance  sheet BB&T
Purchase  Facility  discussed  under "Credit  Facilities for Bluegreen  Resorts'
Receivables  and  Inventories"  are  the  only  ongoing   receivables   purchase
facilities  under  which we  currently  have  the  ability  to sell or  transfer
receivables.  Factors which could adversely  impact our ability to obtain new or
additional vacation ownership  receivable purchase facilities include a downturn
in general economic conditions; negative trends in the commercial paper or LIBOR
markets;  increases  in interest  rates;  a decrease in the number of  financial
institutions  or other entities  willing to enter into  facilities with vacation
ownership  companies;  a  deterioration  in  the  performance  of  our  vacation
ownership  notes  receivable or in the  performance of


                                       50
<PAGE>

portfolios  sold in  prior  transactions,  specifically  increased  delinquency,
default  and  loss  severity  rates;  and a  deterioration  in  our  performance
generally. There can be no assurance that we will obtain new purchase facilities
or will be in a position to replace our existing  purchase  facilities when they
are fully funded or expire.  As indicated  above, our inability to sell vacation
ownership  receivables  under a current or future facility could have a material
adverse impact on our liquidity. However, management believes that to the extent
we could not sell receivables  under a purchase  facility,  we could potentially
mitigate  the  adverse  impact  on our  liquidity  by using our  receivables  as
collateral under existing or future credit facilities.

We have  historically  chosen to monetize  our  receivables  through the 2006 GE
Purchase  Facility and through  periodic term  securitization  transactions,  as
these off-balance sheet arrangements provide us with cash inflows both currently
and in the future at what we  believe to be  competitive  rates  without  adding
leverage  to  our  balance  sheet  or  retaining  recourse  for  losses  on  the
receivables  sold. In addition,  these sale transactions have generated gains on
our income  statement on a periodic  basis,  which would not be realized under a
traditional financing arrangement.

Historically,  we have  also  been a party  to a number  of  securitization-type
transactions, all of which in our opinion utilize customary structures and terms
for transactions of this type. In each securitization-type  transaction, we sold
receivables to a wholly-owned  special  purpose entity which,  in turn, sold the
receivables  either directly to third parties or to a trust  established for the
transaction.  In each  transaction,  the receivables were sold on a non-recourse
basis (except for breaches of certain  representations  and  warranties) and the
special purpose entity has a retained  interest in the receivables sold. We have
acted as servicer of the receivables  pools in each  transaction for a fee, with
the servicing obligations specified under the applicable  transaction documents.
Under the terms of the applicable securitization transaction,  the cash payments
received from obligors on the receivables  sold are distributed to the investors
(which,  depending on the transaction,  may acquire the receivables  directly or
purchase an interest in, or make loans  secured by the  receivables  to, a trust
that owns the receivables),  parties  providing  services in connection with the
facility,  and our  special  purpose  subsidiary  as the holder of the  retained
interests  in the  receivables  according  to  specified  formulas.  In general,
available  funds are  applied  monthly  to pay fees to service  providers,  make
interest and principal payments to investors,  fund required  reserves,  if any,
and pay  distributions in respect of the retained  interests in the receivables.
Pursuant to the terms of the transaction  documents;  however, to the extent the
portfolio of receivables fails to satisfy specified performance criteria (as may
occur  due to an  increase  in  default  rates or loan loss  severity)  or other
trigger  events,  the  funds  received  from  obligors  are  distributed  on  an
accelerated  basis  to  investors.  In  effect,  during a  period  in which  the
accelerated  payment formula is applicable,  funds go to outside investors until
they receive the full amount owed to them and only then are payments made to our
subsidiary in its capacity as the holder of the retained interests. Depending on
the  circumstances  and the  transaction,  the  application  of the  accelerated
payment  formula may be permanent or temporary until the trigger event is cured.
If the accelerated  payment formula were to become applicable,  the cash flow on
the retained  interests in the  receivables  would be reduced  until the outside
investors were paid or the regular payment formula was resumed. Such a reduction
in cash flow could cause a decline in the fair value of our  retained  interests
in the receivables sold.  Declines in fair value that are determined to be other
than  temporary  are  charged  to  operations  in the  current  period.  In each
facility,  the  failure  of the pool of  receivables  to comply  with  specified
portfolio  covenants can create a trigger event, which results in the use of the
accelerated payment formula (in certain circumstances until the trigger event is
cured and in other  circumstances  permanently) and, to the extent there was any
remaining   commitment  to  purchase   receivables   from  our  special  purpose
subsidiary,  the suspension or termination of that commitment.  In addition,  in
each securitization  facility certain breaches of our obligations as servicer or
other  events  allow  the  indenture  trustee  to  cause  the  servicing  to  be
transferred to a substitute  third party servicer.  In that case, our obligation
to service  the  receivables  would  terminate  and we would  cease to receive a
servicing fee.

We recognized an  other-than-temporary  decrease of $539,000 and $39,000  during
2005 and 2006,  respectively,  in the fair value of our  retained  interest in a
2002 vacation ownership receivables securitization transaction,  based on higher
than projected default rates in the portfolio sold.


                                                                              51
<PAGE>

The following is a summary of significant  financial  information related to the
2006 GE  Purchase  Facility  and prior  similar  facilities  during the  periods
presented below (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           As of            As of
                                                                        December 31,     December 31,
                                                                            2005             2006
                                                                        -----------------------------
<S>                                                                      <C>              <C>
On-Balance Sheet:

Retained interests in notes receivable sold                              $ 105,696        $ 130,623

Off-Balance Sheet:

Notes receivable sold without recourse                                     429,403          540,536
Principal balance owed to note receivable
   purchasers                                                              396,679          503,854

<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended
                                                       ----------------------------------------------
                                                       December 31,     December 31,     December 31,
                                                           2004            2005             2006
                                                       ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>              <C>              <C>
Income Statement:

Gain on sales of notes receivable (1)                   $  25,972        $  25,226        $  44,700

Interest accretion on retained interests
   in notes receivable sold                                 6,035            9,310           14,569

Servicing fee income                                        2,931            4,969            6,955
</TABLE>

      (1)   Includes amounts classified as VOI sales, pursuant to SFAS No. 152.


                                                                              52
<PAGE>

Credit Facilities for Bluegreen's Receivables and Inventories

In addition to the vacation ownership  receivables purchase facilities discussed
above, we maintain various credit  facilities with financial  institutions  that
provide receivable, acquisition and development financing for our operations. We
had the  following  credit  facilities,  as of December  31,  2006 (see  further
discussion below):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        Outstanding
                         Borrowings        Availability
                            as of              as of           Advance Period
                        December 31,       December 31,          Expiration;             Borrowing       Borrowing       Current
  Credit Facility           2006               2006          Borrowing Maturity            Limit           Rate           Rate
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>               <C>               <C>                           <C>          <C>               <C>
The GMAC                $16.9 million      $58.1 million    February 15, 2008;             $75.0           30-day         9.33%
Receivables                                                 February 15, 2015             million         LIBOR +
Facility                                                                                                   4.00%

The GMAC                $38.6 million     $111.4 million    February 15, 2008;            $150.0          30-day          9.83%
AD&C Facility                                               August 15, 2013               million         LIBOR +
                                                                                                           4.50%

2006 BB&T                     --           $137.5 million   May 25, 2008;                  $137.5          30-day         6.58%
Purchase                                                    March 5, 2019                 million         LIBOR +
Facility                                                                                                   1.25%

The Foothill            $2.0 million       $28.0 million    December 31, 2006;             $30.0          Prime +         8.50%
Facility                                                    December 31, 2008             million          0.25%            to
                                                                                                       (Min. 4.00%);      9.50%
                                                                                                            to
                                                                                                       Prime + 1.25%

The GMAC                $52.3 million      $22.6 million    September 30, 2008;            $75.0          Prime +         9.25%
Communities                                                 September 30, 2009            million          1.00%
Facility
</TABLE>

Credit Facilities for Bluegreen Resorts' Receivables and Inventories

The GMAC  Receivables  Facility.  In February  2003, we entered into a revolving
vacation ownership receivables credit facility (the "GMAC Receivables Facility")
with Residential  Funding  Corporation  ("RFC"),  an affiliate of GMAC. The GMAC
Receivables  Facility has detailed  requirements with respect to the eligibility
of receivables for inclusion and other conditions to funding. The borrowing base
under the GMAC Receivables Facility is 90% of the outstanding  principal balance
of eligible notes arising from the sale of VOIs. The GMAC  Receivables  Facility
includes  affirmative,  negative and financial  covenants and events of default.
All principal and interest payments received on pledged  receivables are applied
to  principal  and interest due under the GMAC  Receivables  Facility.  Interest
payments are due monthly.  During the year ended  December 31, 2006,  we did not
pledge any vacation ownership receivables under the GMAC Receivables Facility.

The  GMAC  AD&C  Facility.  In  September  2003,  RFC also  provided  us with an
acquisition,   development  and  construction   revolving  credit  facility  for
Bluegreen  Resorts (the "GMAC AD&C Facility").  The borrowing period on the GMAC
AD&C  Facility,  as  amended,  expires on February  15,  2008,  and  outstanding
borrowings  mature no later  than  August  15,  2013,  although  specific  draws
typically are due four years from the borrowing  date.  Principal will be repaid
through  agreed-upon  release  prices as VOIs are sold at the financed  resorts,
subject to minimum required  amortization..  Interest  payments are due monthly.
During the year ended  December 31, 2006,  we borrowed  $44.9  million under the
GMAC AD&C  Facility to fund the  development  of VOIs at The  Fountains  and the
Carolina Grande resorts and to finance the acquisition of property in Las Vegas,
Nevada and Williamsburg, Virginia.

The 2006 BB&T  Purchase  Facility.  In May 2006,  we executed  agreements  for a
vacation  ownership  receivables  purchase  facility  (the "2006  BB&T  Purchase
Facility")  with BB&T.  While  ownership of the  receivables is transferred


                                                                              53
<PAGE>

for legal  purposes,  the  transfer of the  receivables  under the  facility are
accounted  for as a financing  transaction  for financial  accounting  purposes.
Accordingly,  the  receivables  will  continue to be reflected as assets and the
associated  obligations  will be reflected as  liabilities on our balance sheet.
The 2006 BB&T Purchase Facility utilizes an owner's trust structure, pursuant to
which we transfer  receivables to Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, our
wholly-owned,  special  purpose  finance  subsidiary  ("BTFC  I"),  and  BTFC  I
subsequently  transfers the receivables to an owner's trust without  recourse to
us or BTFC I,  except for  breaches  of certain  customary  representations  and
warranties  at the time of  transfer.  We did not enter into any  guarantees  in
connection with the BB&T Purchase Facility.  The 2006 BB&T Purchase Facility has
detailed  requirements  with  respect to the  eligibility  of  receivables,  and
fundings  under the BB&T  Purchase  Facility  are subject to certain  conditions
precedent.  Under the 2006 BB&T Purchase Facility,  a variable purchase price of
approximately  85% of the  principal  balance  of the  receivables  transferred,
subject to certain terms and conditions, is paid at closing in cash. The balance
of the purchase  price is deferred  until such time as BB&T and other  liquidity
providers  arranged by BB&T have in aggregate  received a specified  return (the
"Specified  Return") and all  servicing,  custodial,  agent and similar fees and
expenses have been paid. The Specified  Return is equal to either the commercial
paper rate or LIBOR rate plus 1.25%, subject to use of alternate return rates in
certain circumstances.  In addition, we will pay BB&T structuring and other fees
totaling  $1.7 million over the term of the facility and we will act as servicer
under the 2006 BB&T  Purchase  Facility  for a fee. The BB&T  Purchase  Facility
allows for transfers of notes  receivable for a cumulative  purchase price of up
to $137.5  million,  on a  revolving  basis,  through  May 2008.  There  were no
outstanding amounts due under this facility as of December 31, 2006.

On September 21, 2006, BB&T Capital Markets, a division of Scott & Stringfellow,
Inc., served as initial purchaser and placement agent for a private offering and
sale  of  $139.2   million   of   Bluegreen   Corporation   vacation   ownership
receivable-backed  securities  (the "2006 Term  Securitization").  Approximately
$153.0 million in aggregate  principal of vacation  ownership  receivables  were
securitized  in this  transaction,  including:  (1) $75.7  million in  aggregate
principal of receivables  that were previously  transferred  under the 2006 BB&T
Purchase Facility;  (2) $38.0 million of vacation ownership receivables owned by
us  immediately  prior to the 2006 Term  Securitization:  and, (3) an additional
$39.3  million in  aggregate  principal  of our  qualifying  vacation  ownership
receivables (the "2006 Pre-funded Receivables") that could be sold by us through
December 22, 2006. We recognized an aggregate  gain of $20.6  million,  of which
$18.1 million was classified as an increase to VOI sales in accordance  with the
adoption of SFAS No. 152,  and  recorded a retained  interest in the future cash
flows of the notes  receivable  securitized of $17.1 million in connection  with
the 2006 Term  Securitization.  During 2006,  we sold the $39.3  million in 2006
Pre-funded  Receivables and the $35.7 million purchase price was disbursed to us
from the escrow  account.  The  proceeds  were used by us for general  operating
purposes.

The  Foothill  Facility.  We are in the  process  of  renewing  a $30.0  million
revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Foothill, Inc. ("Foothill") primarily
used for borrowings  collateralized  by Bluegreen  Communities  receivables  and
inventory,  but  under  which we can also  borrow  up to  $10.0  million  of the
facility  collateralized by the pledge of vacation  ownership  receivables.  For
further  details  on  this  facility,   see  "Credit  Facilities  for  Bluegreen
Communities' Receivables and Inventories" below.

Credit Facilities for Bluegreen Communities' Receivables and Inventories

The  Foothill  Facility.  We are in  documentation  for the  renewal  of a $30.0
million  revolving  credit  facility  with  Foothill  secured  by the  pledge of
Bluegreen  Communities'  receivables,  with up to  $10.0  million  of the  total
facility  available  for Bluegreen  Communities'  inventory  borrowings  and, as
indicated  above,  up to $10.0 million of the total  facility  available for the
pledge of Bluegreen Resorts' receivables (the "Foothill Facility"). The Foothill
Facility  requires  principal  payments based on  agreed-upon  release prices as
homesites in the encumbered communities are sold and bears interest at the prime
lending rate plus 1.25% (9.5% at December 31, 2006).  Interest  payments are due
monthly.  The interest rate charged on outstanding  receivable  borrowings under
the Foothill Facility, as amended, is the prime lending rate plus 0.25% (8.5% at
December 31, 2006) when the average monthly  outstanding loan balance is greater
than or equal to $15.0 million.  If the average monthly outstanding loan balance
is less than $15.0  million,  the  interest  rate is the greater of 4.00% or the
prime  lending rate plus 0.50% (8.75% at December 31,  2006).  All principal and
interest payments  received on pledged  receivables are applied to principal and
interest due under the Foothill  Facility.  There can be no  assurances  that we
will renew the Foothill Facility on favorable terms., if at all.

The GMAC Communities Facility. We have a revolving credit facility with RFC (the
"GMAC  Communities  Facility")  for  the  purpose  of  financing  our  Bluegreen
Communities  real  estate  acquisitions  and  development  activities.  The GMAC
Communities  Facility is secured by the real  property  homesites  (and personal
property related thereto) at the following Bluegreen  Communities  projects,  as
well as any Bluegreen  Communities  projects  acquired by us with funds borrowed
under the GMAC Communities  Facility (the "Secured  Projects"):  Brickshire (New
Kent County,  Virginia);  Mountain Lakes Ranch  (Bluffdale,  Texas);  Ridge Lake
Shores  (Magnolia,   Texas);  Riverwood  Forest


                                                                              54
<PAGE>

(Fulshear,  Texas);  Waterstone (Boerne,  Texas);  Catawba Falls Preserve (Black
Mountain,  North  Carolina);  Lake Ridge at Joe Pool Lake  (Cedar Hill and Grand
Prairie,   Texas);  Mystic  Shores  at  Canyon  Lake  (Spring  Branch,   Texas);
Yellowstone Creek Ranch (Walsenburg,  Colorado);  Havenwood at Hunter's Crossing
(New Braunfels, Texas); The Bridges at Preston Crossing (Grayson County, Texas);
King Oaks  (College  Station,  Texas)  and  Vintage  Oaks at the  Vineyard  (New
Braunfels,  Texas). In addition, the GMAC Communities Facility is secured by our
Carolina  National and the  Preserve at Jordan Lake golf  courses in  Southport,
North Carolina and Chapel Hill, North Carolina, respectively. Principal payments
are effected through agreed-upon release prices paid to RFC, as homesites in the
Secured  Projects  are  sold.  Interest  payments  are  due  monthly.  The  GMAC
Communities Facility includes customary conditions to funding,  acceleration and
event of default  provisions  and certain  financial  affirmative  and  negative
covenants.  We use the  proceeds  from the GMAC  Communities  Facility  to repay
outstanding   indebtedness  on  Bluegreen  Communities  projects,   finance  the
acquisition  and development of Bluegreen  Communities  projects and for general
corporate purposes.

In  February  2007,  the  Company  acquired  350 acres near St.  Simons  Island,
Georgia,  for $18.0 million for a property to be called  Sanctuary River Club at
St. Andrews Sound. The Company borrowed $12.6 million under the GMAC Communities
Facility in connection with the acquisition of this property.

Over the past several years,  substantially  all of our homesite sales have been
for cash and we have not provided a significant  amount of financing to homesite
purchasers.  Accordingly, in recent years we have reduced the borrowing capacity
under  credit  agreements  secured by  Bluegreen  Communities'  receivables.  We
attribute the  significant  volume of cash sales to an increased  willingness on
the part of banks to extend  direct  customer  homesite  financing at attractive
interest  rates.  No  assurances  can be given that local banks will continue to
provide such customer financing.

Historically,  we have funded  development  for road and  utility  construction,
amenities,  surveys  and  engineering  fees from  internal  operations  and have
financed the  acquisition of Bluegreen  Communities  properties  through seller,
bank or  financial  institution  loans.  Terms for  repayment  under these loans
typically  call for  interest  to be paid  monthly  and  principal  to be repaid
through  homesite  releases.  The release  price is usually an amount based on a
pre-determined  percentage  (typically 25% to 55%) of the gross selling price of
the homesites in the subdivision. In addition, the agreements generally call for
minimum cumulative amortization  periodically.  When we provide financing to our
customers  (and  therefore the release price is not available in cash at closing
to repay the  lender),  we are required to pay the lender with cash derived from
other  operating  activities,  principally  from  cash  sales or the  pledge  of
receivables originated from earlier property sales.

Trust Preferred Securities Offerings

We have formed statutory business trusts  (collectively,  the "Trusts") and each
issued trust  preferred  securities  and  invested  the proceeds  thereof in our
junior  subordinated  debentures.  The Trusts are variable  interest entities in
which we are not the primary  beneficiary as defined by FASB  Interpretation No.
46R. Accordingly,  we do not consolidate the operations of the Trusts;  instead,
the Trusts are accounted for under the equity method of  accounting.  In each of
these  transactions,  the applicable Trust issued trust preferred  securities as
part of larger pooled trust securities offerings which were not registered under
the Securities  Act of 1933.  The  applicable  Trust then used the proceeds from
issuing the trust preferred securities to purchase an identical amount of junior
subordinated  debentures from us. Interest on the junior subordinated debentures
and  distributions  on the trust preferred  securities are payable  quarterly in
arrears  at  the  same  interest  rate.  Distributions  on the  trust  preferred
securities  are  cumulative  and based upon the  liquidation  value of the trust
preferred  security.  The trust  preferred  securities  are subject to mandatory
redemption,  in whole or in part,  upon  repayment  of the  junior  subordinated
debentures  at maturity or their  earlier  redemption.  The junior  subordinated
debentures  are  redeemable in whole or in part at the  Company's  option at any
time after five years from the issue date or sooner following  certain specified
events.  In addition,  we made an initial equity  contribution  to each Trust in
exchange  for its  common  securities,  all of which are owned by us,  and those
proceeds were also used to purchase an identical  amount of junior  subordinated
debentures  from us.  The terms of each  Trust's  common  securities  are nearly
identical to the trust preferred securities.


                                                                              55
<PAGE>

We had the following junior subordinated  debentures outstanding at December 31,
2006 (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             Outstanding
                               Amount of      Initial                Fixed                       Beginning
                                Junior        Equity               Interest      Variable         Optional
                             Subordinated       To        Issue      Rate      Interest Rate     Redemption      Maturity
          Trust               Debentures       Trust      Date        (1)           (2)             Date           Date
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>              <C>       <C>         <C>          <C>             <C>            <C>
Bluegreen Statutory                                                               3-month
Trust I                       $ 23,196         $696      3/15/05      9.160%       LIBOR          3/30/10        3/30/35
                                                                                  + 4.90%
Bluegreen Statutory                                                               3-month
Trust II                        25,774          774      5/04/05      9.158%       LIBOR          7/30/10        7/30/35
                                                                                  + 4.85%
Bluegreen Statutory                                                               3-month
Trust III                       10,310          310      5/10/05      9.193%       LIBOR          7/30/10        7/30/35
                                                                                  + 4.85%
Bluegreen Statutory                                                               3-month
Trust IV                        15,464          464      4/24/06     10.130%       LIBOR          6/30/11        6/30/36
                                                                                  + 4.85%
Bluegreen Statutory                                                               3-month
Trust V                         15,464          464      7/21/06     10.280%       LIBOR          9/30/11        9/30/36
                                                                                  + 4.85%
                            -------------------------
                               $90,208       $2,708
                            =========================
</TABLE>

(1)   Both the trust  preferred  securities and junior  subordinated  debentures
      bear  interest at a fixed  interest  rate from the issue date  through the
      beginning optional redemption date.

(2)   Both the trust  preferred  securities and junior  subordinated  debentures
      bear  interest at a variable  interest  rate from the  beginning  optional
      redemption date through the maturity date.

On February 26, 2007, a  newly-formed  wholly-owned  statutory  business  trust,
Bluegreen Statutory Trust VI ("BST VI"), issued $20.0 million of trust preferred
securities. BST VI used the proceeds from issuing the trust preferred securities
to purchase  an  identical  amount of junior  subordinated  debentures  from us.
Interest on the junior  subordinated  debentures and  distributions on the Trust
Preferred  Securities  will be payable  quarterly  in arrears at a fixed rate of
9.842%  through April 2012,  and thereafter at a floating rate of 4.80% over the
3-month LIBOR until the scheduled maturity date of April 30, 2037. Distributions
on the  trust  preferred  securities  will be  cumulative  and  based  upon  the
liquidation  value  of  the  trust  preferred  security.   The  trust  preferred
securities  will be subject to mandatory  redemption,  in whole or in part, upon
repayment of the junior  subordinated  debentures  at maturity or their  earlier
redemption.  The junior subordinated debentures are redeemable at any time after
five years from the issue date or sooner following  certain specified events. In
addition,  we  contributed  $619,000  to  BST  VI in  exchange  for  its  common
securities,  all of which are owned by us, and those  proceeds were also used to
purchase an  identical  amount of junior  subordinated  debentures  from us. The
terms of BST VI's common  securities are nearly identical to the trust preferred
securities. Proceeds of the offering will be used for general corporate purposes
and debt repayment.

We currently intend to seek to create similar trusts and to participate in other
pooled  trust  preferred  securities  transactions  in the future as a source of
additional financing, subject to market conditions and other considerations.

Unsecured Credit Facility

On July 26, 2006, we executed  agreements  to renew our $15.0 million  unsecured
line-of-credit  with Wachovia Bank,  N.A.  Amounts  borrowed under the line bear
interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 2.00% (7.33% at December  31,  2006).  Interest is
due monthly and all  outstanding  amounts are due on June 30, 2007.  We can only
borrow  an  amount  under the  line-of-credit  which is less than the  remaining
availability under our current,  active vacation ownership  receivables purchase
facilities plus availability  under certain  receivables  warehouse  facilities,
less any outstanding  letters of credit. The  line-of-credit  agreement contains
certain  covenants and conditions  typical of  arrangements  of this type. As of
December 31, 2006,  no  borrowings  were  outstanding  under the line.  However,
during  2006,  an aggregate  of $565,000 of  irrevocable  letters of credit were
provided under this  line-of-credit  which were required in connection  with the
obtaining of plats for one of our Bluegreen  Communities  projects.  On December
31, 2006,


                                                                              56
<PAGE>

$523,000  of  these  letters  of  credit  expired  and were  not  renewed.  This
line-of-credit  is an available  source of  short-term  liquidity for us. During
2006, we borrowed and repaid $6.5 million under this line-of-credit.

Commitments

Our material commitments as of December 31, 2006, included the required payments
due on our  receivable-backed  debt,  lines-of-credit  and other notes  payable,
commitments to complete our vacation ownership,  and communities  projects based
on our sales  contracts  with  customers  and  commitments  under  noncancelable
operating leases.

The following  table  summarizes  the  contractual  minimum  principal  payments
required on all of our outstanding debt (including our  receivable-backed  debt,
lines-of-credit  and other notes and debentures  payable) and our  noncancelable
operating leases by period date, as of December 31, 2006 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Principal Payments Due by Period
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                       Less than        1 -- 3          4 -- 5         After 5
          Contractual Obligations                        1 year          Years          Years           Years           Total
      ---------------------------------                  ------          -----          -----           -----           -----
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>
      Receivable-backed notes payable                   $    17        $  4,163        $    --        $ 16,870        $ 21,050
      Lines-of-credit and notes payable                  39,541          81,016            509           3,346         124,412
      10.50% senior secured notes                            --          55,000             --              --          55,000
      Jr. Subordinated debentures                            --              --             --          90,208          90,208
      Noncancelable operating leases                      9,469          14,639          9,102           2,414          35,624
                                                        -------        --------        -------        --------        --------
      Total contractual obligations                     $49,027        $154,818        $ 9,611        $112,838        $326,294
                                                        =======        ========        =======        ========        ========
</TABLE>

The following  table sets forth certain  information  regarding  future interest
obligations on outstanding debt as of December 31, 2006 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Interest Payments Due by Period
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Less than        1 -- 3         4 -- 5         After 5
         Interest Obligations (1)                       1 year          Years           Years           Years           Total
      ----------------------------------                ------          -----           -----           -----           -----
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>
      Receivable-backed notes payable                   $ 1,949        $  3,574        $ 3,148        $  2,755        $ 11,426
      Lines-of-credit and notes payable                   9,861          12,413            539           4,733          27,546
      10.50% senior secured notes                         5,775           1,443             --              --           7,219
      Jr. Subordinated debentures                         8,589          17,178         17,178         213,091         256,036
                                                        -------        --------        -------        --------        --------
      Total contractual obligations                     $26,174        $ 34,608        $20,865        $220,579        $302,227
                                                        =======        ========        =======        ========        ========
</TABLE>

(1) Assumes that  interest on variable  rate debt has assumed the interest  rate
remains the same as the rate at December 31, 2006.

We intend to use cash flow from  operations,  including  cash  received from the
sale of  vacation  ownership  notes  receivable,  and  cash  received  from  new
borrowings  under  existing  or future debt  facilities  in order to satisfy the
principal payments required on contractual obligations. While we believe that we
will be able to meet all  required  debt  payments  when  due,  there  can be no
assurance that this will be the case.

As noted above,  during 2006 we had $565,000 in  letters-of-credit  outstanding,
the  majority  of which were  issued  under the  unsecured  line-of-credit  with
Wachovia Bank, N.A. These letters-of-credit were required in connection with the
obtaining of governmental approval of plats for one of our Bluegreen Communities
projects. On December 31, 2006, $523,000 of these letters-of-credit expired.

We estimate that the total cash required to complete  resort  buildings in which
sales have  occurred and resort  amenities and other common costs in projects in
which sales have occurred to be  approximately  $17.7 million as of December 31,
2006.  We  estimate  that the total cash  required  to  complete  our  Bluegreen
Communities  projects in which sales have  occurred  to be  approximately  $77.5
million as of December 31, 2006.  These amounts assume that we are not obligated
to develop any building,  project or amenity in which a commitment  has not been
made through a sales contract to a customer; however, we anticipate that we will
incur such obligations in the future.  We plan to fund these  expenditures  over
the next five years  primarily with  available  capacity on existing or proposed
credit facilities and cash generated from operations.  There can be no assurance
that we will be  able  to  obtain  the  financing  or


                                                                              57
<PAGE>

generate the cash from  operations  necessary to complete the foregoing plans or
that actual costs will not exceed those estimated.

We believe that our existing cash,  anticipated  cash generated from operations,
anticipated  future  permitted  borrowings  under  existing or  proposed  credit
facilities and anticipated  future sales of notes  receivable under the purchase
facilities and one or more  replacement  facilities we will seek to put in place
will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital, capital expenditures
and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future. We will be required to
renew or replace credit and receivables purchase facilities that have expired or
that  will  expire  in the near  term.  We will,  in the  future,  also  require
additional  credit  facilities  or will be required to issue  corporate  debt or
equity  securities  in  connection  with  acquisitions  or  otherwise.  Any debt
incurred  or issued by us may be secured or  unsecured,  bear fixed or  variable
rate  interest  and may be subject to such terms as the lender may  require  and
management  believes  acceptable.  There  can be no  assurance  that the  credit
facilities or receivables  purchase  facilities  which have expired or which are
scheduled  to  expire  in the near  term will be  renewed  or  replaced  or that
sufficient  funds will be available from operations or under existing,  proposed
or  future  revolving  credit or other  borrowing  arrangements  or  receivables
purchase  facilities  to meet  our  cash  needs,  including,  our  debt  service
obligations.  To the extent we are not able to sell notes  receivable  or borrow
under  such  facilities,  our  ability  to  satisfy  our  obligations  would  be
materially adversely affected.

Most  of  our  credit  facilities,   indentures,   and  other  outstanding  debt
instruments, and receivables purchase facilities include customary conditions to
funding,  eligibility  requirements  for  collateral,  cross-default  and  other
acceleration  provisions,  certain  financial and other affirmative and negative
covenants,  including,  among others,  limits on the incurrence of indebtedness,
limits  on  the  repurchase  of  securities;  restrictions  on  the  payment  of
dividends,   investments  in  joint  ventures  and  other  restricted  payments;
limitations  on the  incurrence  of  liens  and  transactions  with  affiliates,
covenants   concerning   net  worth,   fixed   charge   coverage   requirements,
debt-to-equity  ratios and  portfolio  performance  requirements;  and events of
default or termination.  No assurance can be given that we will be in compliance
with  such  covenants,  that we will not be  required  to seek  waivers  of such
covenants or that such covenants will not limit our ability to raise funds, sell
receivables,  satisfy or refinance our obligations or otherwise adversely affect
our operations.  In addition,  our future  operating  performance and ability to
meet our financial obligations will be subject to future economic conditions and
to  financial,  business  and other  factors,  many of which  will be beyond our
control.

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

Foreign Currency Risk

Our total  revenues  and net assets  denominated  in a currency  other than U.S.
dollars  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2006  were  less  than  2%  of
consolidated revenues and consolidated assets, respectively.  Sales generated by
Bluegreen  Properties,  N.V.,  our  subsidiary in Aruba,  are transacted in U.S.
dollars.  The  effects of changes in foreign  currency  exchange  rates have not
historically been significant to our operations or net assets.

Interest Rate Risk

We sold  $215.5  million,  $228.8  million,  and $243.6  million  of  fixed-rate
vacation  ownership  notes  receivable  off-balance  sheet during 2004, 2005 and
2006,  respectively,   under  various  vacation  ownership  receivable  purchase
facilities  and term  securitization  transactions  (See  Note 5 of the Notes to
Consolidated  Financial Statements for further  information).  Our gains on sale
recognized are generally  based upon either fixed or variable  interest rates at
the time of sale including the prevailing  weighted-average  term treasury rate,
commercial  paper rates or LIBOR rates  (depending  on the purchase  facility in
effect)   and  many   other   factors   including,   but  not   limited  to  the
weighted-average  coupon rate and remaining  contractual life of the loans sold,
and assumptions  regarding the constant  prepayment rate, loss severity,  annual
default and discount rates. We believe that we have used appropriate assumptions
in valuing the residual  interests retained in the vacation ownership notes sold
through our various  off-balance sheet vacation ownership  receivables  purchase
facilities and term securitization transactions and that such assumptions should
mitigate the impact of a hypothetical  one-percentage point interest rate change
on these  valuations,  but there is no assurance that the assumptions will prove
to be correct.

As of December 31, 2006, we had fixed interest rate debt of approximately $148.0
million and floating  interest rate debt of  approximately  $142.7  million.  In
addition, our notes receivable from VOI and homesite customers were comprised of
$152.0  million of fixed rate loans and $5.5 million of notes  bearing  floating
interest rates. The floating interest rates are based either upon the prevailing
prime or LIBOR interest rates. For floating rate financial instruments, interest
rate  changes do not  generally  affect  the market  value of debt but do impact
future  earnings  and


                                                                              58
<PAGE>

cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. Conversely, for fixed rate
financial instruments, interest rate changes affect the market value of the debt
but do not impact earnings or cash flows.

A hypothetical  one-percentage  point increase in the prevailing  prime or LIBOR
rates,  as  applicable,  would,  as a result of  increased  interest  expense on
variable rate debt,  decrease our after-tax earnings by an immaterial amount per
year,  partially  offset  by the  increased  interest  income on  variable  rate
Bluegreen Communities notes receivable and cash and cash equivalents.  A similar
change in interest  rates would  decrease the total fair value of our fixed rate
debt,  excluding  our 10.50%  senior  secured  notes payable (the "Notes") by an
immaterial  amount.  The  fact  that  the  Notes  are  publicly  traded  in  the
over-the-counter  market  makes it  impractical  to  estimate  the effect of the
hypothetical change in interest rates on the fair value of the Notes. Due to the
non-interest  related  factors  involved in determining  the fair value of these
publicly traded  securities,  their fair values have  historically  demonstrated
increased,  decreased or at times contrary  relationships to changes in interest
rates as compared to other types of fixed-rate debt securities.  The analyses do
not consider the effects of the reduced level of overall economic  activity that
could  exist in such an  environment.  Further,  in the  event  of a  change  in
interest rates, we would likely attempt to take actions to mitigate any exposure
to the change.  However,  due to the  uncertainty  of the specific  actions that
would be taken and their possible effects,  the foregoing  sensitivity  analysis
assumes no changes in our financial structure.


                                                                              59
<PAGE>

              ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                      (in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                         2005            2006
                                                                                                         ----            ----
<S>                                                                                                   <C>             <C>
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash of  $18,321 and $21,476
   at December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively) ............................................          $  84,704       $  71,148
Contracts receivable, net ..................................................................             27,473          23,856
Notes receivable (net of allowance of $10,869 and $13,499 at December 31,
   2005 and 2006, respectively) ............................................................            127,783         144,251
Prepaid expenses ...........................................................................              6,500          10,800
Other assets ...............................................................................             17,193          27,465
Inventory, net .............................................................................            240,969         349,333
Retained interests in notes receivable sold ................................................            105,696         130,623
Property and equipment, net ................................................................             79,634          92,445
Goodwill ...................................................................................              4,291           4,291
                                                                                                      ---------       ---------
          Total assets .....................................................................          $ 694,243       $ 854,212
                                                                                                      =========       =========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities
Accounts payable ...........................................................................          $  11,071       $  18,465
Accrued liabilities and other ..............................................................             43,801          49,458
Deferred income ............................................................................             29,354          40,270
Deferred income taxes ......................................................................             75,404          87,624
Receivable-backed notes payable ............................................................             35,731          21,050
Lines-of-credit and notes payable ..........................................................             61,428         124,412
10.50% senior secured notes payable ........................................................             55,000          55,000
Junior subordinated debentures .............................................................             59,280          90,208
                                                                                                      ---------       ---------
   Total liabilities .......................................................................            371,069         486,487

Minority interest ..........................................................................              9,508          14,702

Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders' Equity
Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 1,000 shares authorized; none issued ......................                 --              --
Common stock, $.01 par value, 90,000 shares authorized; 33,193 and 33,603
   shares issued at December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively ...............................                333             336
Additional paid-in capital .................................................................            169,684         175,164
Treasury stock, 2,756 common shares at both December 31, 2005 and 2006,
   at cost .................................................................................            (12,885)        (12,885)
Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income taxes ................................              8,575          12,632
Retained earnings ..........................................................................            147,959         177,776
                                                                                                      ---------       ---------
     Total shareholders' equity ............................................................            313,666         353,023
                                                                                                      ---------       ---------
          Total liabilities and shareholders' equity .......................................          $ 694,243       $ 854,212
                                                                                                      =========       =========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              60
<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                      (in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year Ended      Year Ended     Year Ended
                                                                                     December 31,    December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                         2004            2005           2006
                                                                                         ----            ----           ----
<S>                                                                                   <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenues:
  Sales of real estate ..........................................................     $ 502,408       $ 550,335       $ 563,146
  Other resort and communities operations revenue ...............................        66,409          73,797          63,610
  Interest income ...............................................................        35,939          34,798          40,765
  Gain on sales of notes receivable .............................................        25,972          25,226           5,852
                                                                                      ---------       ---------       ---------
                                                                                        630,728         684,156         673,373
Cost and expenses:
  Cost of real estate sales .....................................................       179,728         177,800         179,054
  Cost of other resort and communities operations ...............................        70,785          77,317          53,193
  Selling, general and administrative expenses ..................................       262,424         300,239         356,989
  Interest expense ..............................................................        18,425          14,474          18,785
  Provision for loan losses .....................................................        24,434          27,587              --
  Other expense, net ............................................................         1,666           6,207           2,861
                                                                                      ---------       ---------       ---------
                                                                                        557,462         603,624         610,882
                                                                                      ---------       ---------       ---------
Income before minority interest and provision for income taxes ..................        73,266          80,532          62,491
Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiary ..........................         4,065           4,839           7,319
                                                                                      ---------       ---------       ---------
Income before provision for income taxes and cumulative effect of
    change in accounting principle ..............................................        69,201          75,693          55,172
Provision for income taxes ......................................................        26,642          29,142          20,861
                                                                                      ---------       ---------       ---------
Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ...............        42,559          46,551          34,311
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax .................            --              --          (5,678)
Minority interest in income of cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle ........................................................            --              --           1,184
                                                                                      ---------       ---------       ---------
Net income ......................................................................     $  42,559       $  46,551       $  29,817
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========

Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
   per common share:
   Basic ........................................................................     $    1.62       $    1.53       $    1.12
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========
   Diluted ......................................................................     $    1.43       $    1.49       $    1.10
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax and
    net of minority interest in income of cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle per common share:
    Basic .......................................................................     $      --       $      --       $   (0.15)
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========
    Diluted .....................................................................     $      --       $      --       $   (0.14)
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========

Net income per common share:
   Basic ........................................................................     $    1.62       $    1.53       $    0.98
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========
   Diluted ......................................................................     $    1.43       $    1.49       $    0.96
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========

Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares:
    Basic .......................................................................        26,251          30,381          30,557
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========
    Diluted .....................................................................        30,677          31,245          31,097
                                                                                      =========       =========       =========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              61
<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                                    Other
                                                                                                Comprehensive
                                                    Common             Additional    Treasury    Income, Net
                                                    Shares    Common    Paid-in      Stock at     of Income    Retained
                                                    Issued    Stock     Capital        Cost         Taxes      Earnings       Total
                                                    ------    -----     -------        ----         -----      --------       -----
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>      <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>
Balance at December 31, 2003 ..................     27,702     $277     $124,931     $(12,885)     $ 2,953     $ 58,849     $174,125
Net income ....................................         --       --           --           --           --       42,559       42,559
Net unrealized gains on retained
 interests in notes receivable
 sold, net of income taxes and
 reclassification adjustments .................         --       --           --           --        1,852           --        1,852
                                                                                                                            --------
Comprehensive income ..........................                                                                               44,411
Shares issued upon exercise of
 stock options ................................      1,150       12        6,582           --           --           --        6,594
Income tax benefit from stock
 options exercised ............................         --       --        1,961           --           --           --        1,961
Shares issued in connection with
 conversion of 8.25% convertible
 subordinated debentures ......................      4,138       41       33,934           --           --           --       33,975
                                                    ------     ----     --------     --------      -------     --------     --------
Balance at December 31, 2004 ..................     32,990      330      167,408      (12,885)       4,805      101,408      261,066
Net income ....................................         --       --           --           --           --       46,551       46,551

Net unrealized gains on retained
 interests in notes receivable
 sold, net of income taxes and
 reclassification adjustments .................         --       --           --           --        3,770           --        3,770
                                                                                                                            --------
Comprehensive income ..........................                                                                               50,321
Shares issued upon exercise of
 stock options ................................        271        3        1,403           --           --           --        1,406
Modification of equity awards and
 vesting of restricted stock ..................          6       --          327           --           --           --          327
Income tax benefit from stock
 options exercised ............................         --       --          541           --           --           --          541
Shares issued in connection with
   conversion of 8.25% convertible
   subordinated debentures ....................          1       --            5           --           --           --            5
                                                    ------     ----     --------     --------      -------     --------     --------
Balance at December 31, 2005 ..................     33,268      333      169,684      (12,885)       8,575      147,959      313,666
Net income ....................................         --       --           --           --           --       29,817       29,817

Net unrealized gains on retained
 interests in notes receivable
 sold, net of income taxes and
 reclassification adjustments .................         --       --           --           --        4,057           --        4,057
                                                                                                                            --------
Comprehensive income ..........................                                                                               33,874
Shares issued upon exercise of
 stock options ................................        312        3        2,642           --           --           --        2,645
Stock option expense ..........................         --       --        2,103           --           --           --        2,103
Modification of equity awards and
 vesting of restricted stock ..................         23       --          735           --           --           --          735
                                                    ------     ----     --------     --------      -------     --------     --------
Balance at December 31, 2006 ..................     33,603     $336     $175,164     $(12,885)     $12,632     $177,776     $353,023
                                                    ======     ====     ========     ========      =======     ========     ========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              62
<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year Ended       Year Ended        Year Ended
                                                                                     December 31,     December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                         2004             2005              2006
                                                                                         ----             ----              ----
<S>                                                                                   <C>               <C>               <C>
Operating activities:
Net income ...................................................................        $  42,559         $  46,551         $  29,817
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided (used)
by operating activities:
    Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net .................               --                --             5,678
    Non-cash stock compensation expense ......................................               --               327             2,848
    Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiary ...................            4,065             4,839             6,135
    Depreciation .............................................................            9,769            12,332            14,376
    Amortization .............................................................            3,849             5,807             2,793
    Gain on sales of notes receivable ........................................          (25,972)          (25,226)          (44,700)
    Loss on disposal of property and equipment ...............................              455                94             2,096
    Provision for loan losses ................................................           24,434            27,587            59,489
    Provision for deferred income taxes ......................................           18,664            16,979            12,835
    Interest accretion on retained interests in notes receivable sold ........           (6,035)           (9,310)          (14,569)
    Proceeds from sales of notes receivable ..................................          192,580           198,260           218,455
    Proceeds from borrowings collateralized by notes receivable ..............          105,680            24,772            68,393
    Payments on borrowings collateralized by notes receivable ................         (174,514)          (64,714)          (85,114)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
    Contracts receivable .....................................................           (2,563)              612             3,854
    Notes receivable .........................................................         (170,282)         (220,491)         (283,305)
    Prepaid expenses and other assets ........................................              565             2,120           (12,009)
    Inventory ................................................................           47,032            29,022            (8,273)
    Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other ..........................           21,470             6,022            12,906
                                                                                      ---------         ---------         ---------
Net cash provided (used) by operating activities .............................           91,756            55,583            (8,295)
                                                                                      ---------         ---------         ---------

Investing activities:
  Cash received from retained interests in notes receivable sold .............            8,688            11,016            30,032
  Business acquisition .......................................................             (825)             (675)               --
  Investments in statutory business trusts ...................................               --            (1,780)             (928)
  Purchases of property and equipment ........................................          (18,409)          (16,724)          (24,736)
  Proceeds from sales of property and equipment ..............................                8                22                93
                                                                                      ---------         ---------         ---------
Net cash  provided (used) by investing activities ............................          (10,538)           (8,141)            4,461
                                                                                      ---------         ---------         ---------

Financing activities:
  Proceeds from borrowings under line-of-credit facilities and
     notes payable ...........................................................           60,657            26,382            56,670
  Payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes payable .................         (100,479)          (92,071)          (94,586)
  Payments on 10.50% senior secured notes ....................................               --           (55,000)               --
  Payment of 8.25% subordinated convertible debentures .......................             (273)               --                --
  Proceeds from issuance of junior subordinated debentures ...................               --            59,280            30,928
  Payment of debt issuance costs .............................................           (5,731)           (3,300)           (4,438)
  Proceeds from exercise of employee and director stock options ..............            6,594             1,406             2,645
  Distributions to minority interest .........................................               --                --              (941)
                                                                                      ---------         ---------         ---------
Net cash used by financing activities ........................................          (39,232)          (63,303)           (9,722)
                                                                                      ---------         ---------         ---------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents .........................           41,986           (15,861)          (13,556)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period .............................           58,579           100,565            84,704
                                                                                      ---------         ---------         ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period ...................................          100,565            84,704            71,148
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ........................          (21,423)          (18,321)          (21,476)
                                                                                      ---------         ---------         ---------
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ......................        $  79,142         $  66,383         $  49,672
                                                                                      =========         =========         =========
</TABLE>


                                                                              63
<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS--(Continued)
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Year Ended       Year Ended      Year Ended
                                                                              December 31,     December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                  2004             2005            2006
                                                                             -------------    -------------   -------------
<S>                                                                             <C>             <C>             <C>
Supplemental schedule of non-cash operating, investing and
financing activities:
Inventory acquired through foreclosure or deedback in lieu of
   foreclosure ..........................................................       $  10,926       $  10,585       $      --
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
Inventory acquired through financing ....................................       $  21,276       $  54,054       $  95,698
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
Property and equipment acquired through financing .......................       $   2,637       $   1,114       $   4,640
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
Offset of Joint Venture distribution of operating proceeds to
   minority interest against the Prepayment (see Note 4) ................       $   2,704       $   1,340       $      --
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
Retained interests in notes receivable sold .............................       $  32,816       $  38,913       $  33,967
                                                                                =========       =========       =========

Change in unrealized gains on retained interests in notes
   receivable sold ......................................................       $   2,998       $   6,130       $   6,423
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
Conversion of 8.25% subordinated convertible debentures into
   common stock .........................................................       $  34,098       $       5       $      --
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
Income tax benefit from stock options exercised .........................       $   1,961       $     541       $      --
                                                                                =========       =========       =========

Supplemental schedule of operating cash flow information:
  Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized .............................       $  19,324       $  15,955       $  17,171
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
  Income taxes paid .....................................................       $   6,055       $   6,646       $  10,064
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              64
<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Significant Accounting Policies

Organization

      We  provide  colorful  places to live and play  through  our  resorts  and
residential communities  businesses.  Our resorts business ("Bluegreen Resorts")
acquires,  develops,  markets,  sells and  manages  real  estate-based  vacation
ownership   interests   ("VOIs")  in  resorts   generally  located  in  popular,
high-volume,  "drive-to"  vacation  destinations.  VOIs in our resorts typically
entitle  the buyer to use resort  accommodations  through an annual or  biennial
allotment of "points" which represent  their ownership and beneficial  rights in
perpetuity in our Bluegreen  Vacation  Club  (supported by an underlying  deeded
vacation  ownership  interest  held in trust for the  buyer).  Depending  on the
extent of their  ownership  and  beneficial  rights,  members  in our  Bluegreen
Vacation Club may stay in any of our participating  resorts or take advantage of
other  vacation  options,  including  cruises and stays at  approximately  3,700
resorts  offered  primarily  by  a  third-party  world-wide  vacation  ownership
exchange  network.  We are  currently  marketing  and selling VOIs in 21 resorts
located in the United States and Aruba,  19 of which have active sales  offices.
We also sell VOIs at seven  off-site  sales  offices and on the  campuses of two
resorts  under  development  located  in  the  United  States.  Our  residential
communities business ("Bluegreen Communities") acquires, develops and subdivides
property  and  markets  residential  homesites,  the  majority of which are sold
directly  to  retail  customers  who  seek to  build  a home  in a high  quality
residential  setting,  in some cases on  properties  featuring a golf course and
other  related  amenities.  During  the year  ended  December  31,  2006,  sales
recognized by Bluegreen Resorts  comprised  approximately 71% of our total sales
of real  estate  while  sales  recognized  by  Bluegreen  Communities  comprised
approximately  29% of our  total  sales of real  estate.  Our other  resort  and
communities  operations revenues consist primarily of resort property management
services,  resort title services,  resort amenity  operations,  sales incentives
provided to buyers of VOIs,  rental brokerage  services,  realty  operations and
daily-fee golf course operations.  We also generate  significant interest income
by providing financing to individual purchasers of VOIs.

Fiscal Year

      On  October  14,  2002,  our Board of  Directors  approved a change in our
fiscal year from a 52- or 53-week  period ending on the Sunday  nearest the last
day of March in each year to the calendar year ending on December 31,  effective
for the nine months ended December 31, 2002.

Principles of Consolidation

      Our consolidated  financial  statements include the accounts of all of our
wholly-owned  subsidiaries and entities in which we hold a controlling financial
interest.   The  only  non-wholly   owned  subsidiary  that  we  consolidate  is
Bluegreen/Big  Cedar  Vacations,  LLC (the  "Joint  Venture"),  as we hold a 51%
equity  interest in the Joint  Venture,  have an active  role as the  day-to-day
manager of the Joint Venture's  activities,  and have majority voting control of
the Joint Venture's management  committee.  Additionally,  we do not consolidate
our wholly-owned  statutory  business trusts (see Note 12) formed to issue trust
preferred  securities as these entities are each variable  interest  entities in
which we are not the  primary  beneficiary  as defined by  Financial  Accounting
Standards Board ("FASB")  Interpretation  No. 46R ("FIN No. 46R"). The statutory
business trusts are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. We have
eliminated all significant intercompany balances and transactions.

Use of Estimates

      U.S. generally accepted accounting principles require us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts  reported in our consolidated  financial
statements  and  accompanying  notes.  Actual  results  could  differ from those
estimates.


                                                                              65
<PAGE>

Cash and Cash Equivalents

      We invest  cash in  excess  of our  immediate  operating  requirements  in
short-term  time deposits and money market  instruments  generally with original
maturities at the date of purchase of three months or less. We maintain cash and
cash  equivalents   with  various   financial   institutions.   These  financial
institutions  are located  throughout the United States,  Canada and Aruba.  Our
policy  is  designed  to  limit  exposure  to any one  institution.  However,  a
significant  portion of our  unrestricted  cash is maintained with a single bank
and,  accordingly,  we are subject to credit risk.  Periodic  evaluations of the
relative credit standing of financial institutions  maintaining our deposits are
performed to evaluate and mitigate, if necessary, credit risk.

      Restricted  cash  consists  primarily of customer  deposits held in escrow
accounts  and  cash  pledged  to our  various  lenders  in  connection  with our
receivable-backed notes payable credit arrangements.

Revenue Recognition and Contracts Receivable

      In accordance with the  requirements of Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards  ("SFAS") No. 66,  Accounting for Sales of Real Estate,  as amended by
SFAS No. 152,  Accounting for Real Estate  Time-Sharing  Transactions ("SFAS No.
152"),  we recognize  revenue on VOI and homesite sales when a minimum of 10% of
the  sales  price  has  been  received  in  cash   (demonstrating   the  buyer's
commitment),  the legal  rescission  period has expired,  collectibility  of the
receivable  representing the remainder of the sales price is reasonably  assured
and we have completed  substantially  all of our obligations with respect to any
development related to the real estate sold. We believe that we use a reasonably
reliable   methodology  to  estimate  the   collectibility  of  the  receivables
representing  the  remainder  of the sales  price of real estate  sold.  See the
further  discussion of our policies regarding the estimation of credit losses on
our notes receivable below. Should our estimates regarding the collectibility of
our receivables change adversely,  we may have to defer the recognition of sales
and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. Upon the adoption of
SFAS No. 152 on January 1, 2006,  the  calculation  of the adequacy of a buyer's
commitment  for the sale of VOIs  changed  so that  cash  received  towards  the
purchase of our VOIs is reduced by the value of certain  incentives  provided to
the buyer at the time of sale. If after  considering  the value of the incentive
the 10%  requirement  is not met, the VOI sale,  and the related cost and direct
selling expenses,  are deferred until such time that sufficient cash is received
from the customer,  generally through receipt of mortgage  payments.  Changes to
the quantity,  type, or value of sales  incentives  that we provide to buyers of
our VOIs may result in additional VOI sales being deferred, and thus our results
of operations could be materially, adversely impacted.

      In cases  where  all  development  has not been  completed,  we  recognize
revenue in accordance  with the  percentage-of-completion  method of accounting.
Should  our  estimates  of the  total  anticipated  cost  of  completing  of our
Bluegreen  Resorts'  or  Bluegreen  Communities'  projects  increase,  we may be
required  to defer a  greater  amount of  revenue  or may be  required  to defer
revenue for a longer period of time, and thus our results of operations could be
materially, adversely impacted.

      Contracts receivable consists of: (1) amounts receivable from customers on
recent sales of VOIs pending recording of the customers' notes receivable in our
loan servicing system; (2) receivables  related to unclosed homesite sales; and,
(3)  receivables  from  third-party  escrow agents on recently  closed  homesite
sales.  Contracts receivable are reflected net of an allowance for cancellations
of unclosed Bluegreen Communities' sales contracts,  which totaled approximately
$0.3  million  and $0.6  million at December  31,  2005 and 2006,  respectively.
Contracts receivable are stated net of a reserve for loan losses of $0.9 million
and $0.5 million at December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively.

      Our other resort and communities  operations revenues consist primarily of
sales and service fees from the  activities  listed below.  The table provides a
brief description of the applicable revenue recognition policy:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     Activity                                             Revenue is recognized as:
                     --------                                             -------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>
        Vacation ownership tour sales .......................   Vacation  ownership tour sales commissions
                                                                are earned per  contract  terms with third
                                                                parties.

        Resort title fees ...................................   Escrow  amounts  are  released  and  title
                                                                documents are completed.

        Management fees .....................................   Management services are rendered.

        Rental commissions ..................................   Rental services are provided.

        Rental income .......................................   Guests     complete     stays    at    the
                                                                resorts.Effective  January 1, 2006, rental
                                                                income is  classified  as a  reduction  to
                                                                "Cost  of  other  resort  and  communities
                                                                operations".

        Realty commissions ..................................   Sales of third-party-owned real estate are
                                                                completed.

        Golf course and ski hill daily fees .................   Services are provided.

        Mini-vacation package sales to third parties ........   Mini-vacation   packages   are   fulfilled
                                                                (i.e.,  guests use mini-vacation  packages
                                                                to stay at a hotel, take a cruise,  etc.).
                                                                During   2006,   we    transitioned    our
                                                                mini-vacation     business     so     that
                                                                substantially all mini-vacation  tours are
                                                                used   internally  at  a  Bluegreen  sales
                                                                office.Mini-vacation   packages  used  for
                                                                internal   purposes   are   deferred   and
                                                                recognized   as  a  credit  to   marketing
                                                                expense.
</TABLE>


                                                                              66
<PAGE>

      Our cost of other resort and communities  operations consists of the costs
associated  with the  various  revenues  described  above  as well as  developer
subsidies and maintenance fees on our unsold VOIs.

Notes Receivable

      Our notes  receivable  are carried at amortized cost less an allowance for
bad debts.  Interest  income is  suspended  and  previously  accrued  but unpaid
interest income is reversed on all delinquent notes receivable when principal or
interest  payments  are more than three  months  contractually  past due and not
resumed until such loans are less than three months past due. As of December 31,
2005 and 2006, $8.0 million and $10.2 million, respectively, of notes receivable
were more than three months contractually past due and, hence, were not accruing
interest income.

      Prior to  January  1,  2006,  we  estimated  credit  losses  on our  notes
receivable  portfolios  generated  in  connection  with  the  sale of  VOIs  and
homesites in accordance  with SFAS No. 5, Accounting for  Contingencies,  as our
notes  receivable  portfolios  consisted  of large  groups  of  smaller-balance,
homogeneous loans.  Consistent with Staff Accounting  Bulletin No. 102, Selected
Loan Loss Allowance Methodology and Documentation Issues, we first segmented our
notes receivable by identifying risk  characteristics  that are common to groups
of loans and then  estimated  credit losses based on the risks  associated  with
these  segments.  Under  this  method,  the  amount  of loss is  reduced  by the
estimated value of the defaulted inventory to be recovered. Although this policy
continues  for  notes  receivable  generated  in  connection  with the sale of a
homesite,  effective  January 1, 2006, we changed our accounting for loan losses
for VOI notes receivable in accordance with SFAS No. 152. Under SFAS No. 152, we
estimate uncollectibles based on historical uncollectibles for similar VOI notes
receivable over the past 10 years (if available). We use a static pool analysis,
which tracks  uncollectibles for each year's sales over the entire life of those
notes.  We  also  consider  whether  the  historical   economic  conditions  are
comparable  to  current  economic  conditions.  We  currently  group  our  notes
receivable in two pools for analytical  purposes.  Although our credit  policies
are  identical  in all  locations,  the  customer  demographics  and  historical
uncollectibility have varied between these two pools.  Additionally,  under SFAS
No. 152 no consideration is given for future recoveries of defaulted  inventory.
We review our reserve for loan losses on at least a quarterly basis.

Retained Interest in Notes Receivable Sold

      When  we  sell  our  notes  receivable  either  pursuant  to our  vacation
ownership  receivables  purchase  facilities (more fully described in Note 5) or
through term  securitizations,  we evaluate whether or not such transfers should
be accounted  for as a sale pursuant to SFAS No. 140,  Accounting  for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial Assets and  Extinguishments of Liabilities ("SFAS No.
140") and related  interpretations.  The evaluation of sale treatment under SFAS
No.  140  involves  legal  assessments  of  the   transactions,   which  include
determining whether the transferred assets have been isolated from us (i.e., put
presumptively  beyond our reach and our  creditors,  even in bankruptcy or other
receivership),  determining  whether each  transferee has the right to pledge or
exchange the assets it received,  and ensuring that we do not maintain effective
control over the  transferred  assets through either an agreement that both: (1)
entitles  and  obligates  us to  repurchase  or redeem the assets  before  their
maturity;  or (2) provides us with the ability to unilaterally  cause the holder
to return the assets (other than through a cleanup call).

      In connection with such  transactions,  we retain  subordinated  tranches,
rights to excess interest spread and servicing rights, all of which are retained
interests  in the  notes  receivable  sold.  Gain  or  loss  on the  sale of the
receivables depends in part on the allocation of the previous carrying amount of
the financial  assets  involved in the transfer  between the assets sold and the
retained interests based on their relative fair value at the date of transfer.


                                                                              67
<PAGE>

      We  consider  our  retained   interests  in  notes   receivable   sold  as
available-for-sale  investments  and,  accordingly,  carry them at fair value in
accordance  with SFAS No. 115,  Accounting  for Certain  Investments in Debt and
Equity  Securities.  Accordingly,  unrealized  gains or losses  on our  retained
interests in notes receivable sold are included in our shareholders' equity, net
of income  taxes.  Declines in fair value that are  determined  to be other than
temporary are charged to operations.

      We  measure  the  fair  value  of the  retained  interests  in  the  notes
receivable sold initially and periodically  based on the present value of future
expected cash flows  estimated using our best estimates of the key assumptions -
prepayment  rates,  loss  severity  rates,  default  rates  and  discount  rates
commensurate with the risks involved. We revalue our retained interests in notes
receivable sold on a quarterly basis.

      Interest on the retained  interests in notes  receivable  sold is accreted
using the effective yield method.

Inventory

      Our inventory  consists of completed VOIs, VOIs under  construction,  land
held for future vacation ownership  development and residential land acquired or
developed for sale. We carry our inventory at the lower of cost, including costs
of improvements and amenities  incurred  subsequent to acquisition,  capitalized
interest,  real estate taxes and other costs incurred  during  construction,  or
estimated fair value, less cost to dispose. Through December 31, 2005, homesites
and VOIs reacquired upon default of the related  receivable were considered held
for sale and were  recorded  at fair  value less  costs to sell.  Although  this
practice  continues  for homesites  reacquired,  the adoption of SFAS No. 152 on
January 1, 2006 changed our method of accounting  for VOI  inventory,  including
future  recoveries from defaults.  Under SFAS No. 152, VOI inventory and cost of
sales is accounted for using the relative sales value method. Under the relative
sales value  method,  cost of sales is  calculated  as a percentage of net sales
using a cost-of-sales  percentage--the ratio of total estimated development cost
to total estimated VOI revenue, including the estimated incremental revenue from
the resale of VOI inventory repossessed, generally as a result of the default of
the  related  receivable.  Also,  pursuant  to SFAS No.  152,  we do not relieve
inventory  for VOI  cost of sales  related  to  anticipated  credit  losses.  We
periodically  evaluate  the recovery of the  carrying  amount of our  individual
resort and residential  communities' properties under the guidelines of SFAS No.
144,  Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets ("SFAS No.
144").

Property and Equipment

      Our  property  and  equipment  acquired  is  recorded  at cost.  We record
depreciation  and  amortization  in a  manner  that  recognizes  the cost of our
depreciable  assets in operations  over their  estimated  useful lives using the
straight-line method.  Leasehold  improvements are amortized over the shorter of
the  terms  of the  underlying  leases  or the  estimated  useful  lives  of the
improvements.  Depreciation expense includes the amortization of assets recorded
under  capital  leases.  We  periodically  evaluate the recovery of the carrying
amounts of our long-lived assets under the guidelines of SFAS No. 144.

Goodwill

      Our goodwill primarily relates to a business  combination  whereupon Great
Vacation  Destinations,  Inc.  ("GVD"),  one of our  wholly-owned  subsidiaries,
acquired  substantially  all the  assets  and  assumed  certain  liabilities  of
TakeMeOnVacation,   LLC,   RVM   Promotions,   LLC,  and  RVM   Vacations,   LLC
(collectively, "TMOV") in 2002. We account for our goodwill under the provisions
of SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible  Assets.  This statement requires
that goodwill  deemed to have indefinite  lives not be amortized,  but rather be
tested for  impairment on an annual basis.  Our impairment  analysis  during the
years ended  December  31,  2004,  2005,  and 2006  determined  that no goodwill
impairment existed.

Treasury Stock

      We account for  repurchases of our common stock using the cost method with
common stock in treasury  classified  in our  consolidated  balance  sheets as a
reduction of shareholders' equity.

Advertising Expense

      We expense  advertising costs as incurred.  Advertising  expense was $89.4
million,  $102.7  million and $123.0  million for the years ended  December  31,
2004, 2005, and 2006, respectively.  Advertising expense is included in selling,
general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income.


                                                                              68
<PAGE>

Stock-Based Compensation

      Effective January 1, 2006, we recognize  stock-based  compensation expense
under the provisions of SFAS No. 123 Accounting  for  Stock-based  Compensation,
("SFAS No. 123") (revised 2004),  Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS No. 123R") for our
share-based  compensation  plans.  Prior to January 1, 2006,  we  accounted  for
stock-based  compensation  under the recognition  and measurement  principles of
Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion No. 25,  Accounting  for Stock  Issued to
Employees,  ("APB 25") and related  interpretations and disclosure  requirements
established  by SFAS No. 123, as amended by SFAS No. 148,  Accounting  for Stock
Based  Compensation--Transition  and  Disclosure.  Under  APB  25,  compensation
expense was  generally  not  recorded in earnings  for our  stock-based  options
granted by the Company.

      We adopted SFAS No. 123R using the modified prospective method. Under this
transition  method, for all stock -based awards granted prior to January 1, 2006
that were outstanding as of that date,  compensation  cost is recognized for the
unvested  portion  over  the  remaining  requisite  service  period,  using  the
grant-date fair value measured under the original provisions of SFAS No. 123 for
pro forma  disclosure  purposes.  Compensation  cost is also  recognized for any
awards issued, modified, repurchased, or canceled after January 1, 2006.

      We utilized the  Black-Scholes  option pricing model for  calculating  the
fair value pro forma  disclosures  under SFAS No. 123 and  continue  to use this
model,  which is an  acceptable  valuation  approach  under SFAS No.  123R.  The
Black-Scholes  option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair
value  of  traded  options  that  have no  vesting  restrictions  and are  fully
transferable.   In  addition,  this  model  requires  the  input  of  subjective
assumptions,  including the expected price  volatility of the underlying  stock.
Projected  data related to the expected  volatility  and expected  life of stock
options  is based  upon  historical  and  other  information.  Changes  in these
subjective assumptions can materially affect the fair value of the estimate, and
therefore, the existing valuation models do not provide a precise measure of the
fair value of our employee stock options.

      SFAS No. 123R also requires us to estimate  forfeitures in calculating the
expense  relating  to  stock-based  compensation  as opposed to  accounting  for
forfeitures as they occur, which was allowed under SFAS No. 123. We adjusted for
this  effect  with  respect  to  unvested  options  as of January 1, 2006 in the
stock-based  compensation expense recognized,  which is recorded within selling,
general and  administrative  expense on our  consolidated  statements of income.
This adjustment was not recorded as a cumulative  effect  adjustment  because no
compensation cost was recognized prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123R.

      There were 668,000 stock options granted to our employees  during the year
ended  December 31, 2005.  There were 141,346  stock options and 5,734 shares of
restricted common stock granted to certain of our non-employee  directors during
the year ended  December 31, 2005.  There were 440,000 stock options  granted to
our employees  during the year ended December 31, 2006. There were 142,785 stock
options and 17,497 shares of  restricted  common stock granted to certain of our
non-employee  directors  during  the year ended  December  31,  2006.  All stock
options were granted  with an exercise  price equal to the closing  price of our
common stock on the date of grant.

      The fair value for these  options was estimated at the date of grant using
the  Black-Scholes  option-pricing  model  with the  following  weighted-average
assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                               --------------------------------------
                                                                  2004          2005            2006
                                                                  ----          ----            ----
<S>                                                            <C>            <C>           <C>
      Risk free investment rate .........................          2.1%          3.9%          5.0%
      Dividend yield ....................................          0.0%          0.0%          0.0%
      Volatility factor of expected market price ........         65.0%         61.0%         53.0%
      Life of option ....................................      3.0 years      5.5 years     5.8 years
</TABLE>

      The Company uses  historical data to estimate option exercise and employee
termination.  The risk free  investment  rate for periods within the contractual
life of the option is based on the U.S.  Treasury  yield  curve in effect at the
time of grant.  The Company  uses the  historical  volatility  of the  Company's
traded stock to estimate the volatility factory of expected market price.

      Total  compensation  costs  related to  stock-based  compensation  charged
against income during the year ended  December 31, 2006 was $2.9 million.  Total
stock-based  compensation  recorded in 2006 consists of $2.1 million  related to
the expense of existing and newly granted stock options, $0.2 million related to
existing and newly granted  restricted  stock,  and $0.6 million  related to the
modification of existing stock option grants,  which  accelerated the vesting of
approximately  85,000 stock  options for one  employee.  At the grant date,  the
Company  estimates  the  numbers  of shares  expected  to vest and  subsequently
adjusts  compensation  costs for the estimated rate of forfeitures


                                                                              69
<PAGE>

at the option grant date and on an annual  basis.  The Company  uses  historical
data to estimate  option  exercise and employee  termination in determining  the
estimated  forfeiture rate. The estimated forfeiture rate applied as of the most
recent  option grant date during 2006 was 9%. No  compensation  costs related to
stock-based  compensation  were charged  against  income  during the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2005.

      As of December 31, 2006,  there were  approximately  $8.0 million of total
unrecognized  compensation costs related to non-vested stock-based  compensation
arrangements  under our  stock  option  plans.  The  costs  are  expected  to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.1 years. As of December 31, 2004,
2005,  and 2006,  the total fair value of shares  vested  during the years ended
December  31,  2004,  2005,  and 2006 was $0.8  million,  $2.3  million and $1.8
million,  respectively.  A summary  of the  status of the  Company's  non-vested
shares as of December 31, 2006,  and changes  during the year ended December 31,
2006, is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Weighted-Average
                                                             Number         Grant-Date
            Non-vested Shares                               of Shares       Fair Value
            -----------------------------------------       ----------   ----------------
                                                            (in 000's)
<S>                                                            <C>            <C>
            Non-vested at January 1, 2006 ...........          1,334          $11.10
            Granted .................................            582           12.02
            Vested ..................................           (127)           6.15
            Forfeited ...............................           (206)          11.33
                                                              ------
            Non-vested at December 31, 2006 .........          1,583          $11.81
                                                              ======
</TABLE>

      SFAS No.  123R  requires  companies  to  continue to provide the pro forma
disclosures  required by SFAS No. 123, as amended for all periods  presented  in
which  share-based  payments were accounted for under the intrinsic value method
of APB 25. The following  table  illustrates  the pro forma effect on net income
and earnings per common  share as if we had applied the  fair-value  recognition
provisions  of SFAS No. 123 to all of our  share-based  compensation  awards for
periods prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123R (in  thousands,  except per share
data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                                          -----------------------
                                                                           2004            2005
                                                                           ----            ----
<S>                                                                       <C>             <C>
      Net income, as reported ....................................        $42,559         $46,551
      Add: Total stock-based compensation expense
        included in the determination of reported net
        income, net of related tax effects .......................             --             207
      Deduct: Total stock-based compensation expense
        determined under the fair value-based method for
        all awards, net of related tax effects ...................           (308)         (1,493)
                                                                          -------         -------
      Pro forma net income .......................................        $42,251         $45,265
                                                                          =======         =======

      Earnings per share, as reported:
        Basic ....................................................        $  1.62         $  1.53
        Diluted ..................................................        $  1.43         $  1.49
      Pro forma earnings per share:
        Basic ....................................................        $  1.61         $  1.49
        Diluted ..................................................        $  1.42         $  1.45
</TABLE>

Earnings Per Common Share

      We compute  basic  earnings per common share by dividing net income by the
weighted-average  number of common  shares  outstanding.  Diluted  earnings  per
common  share is computed in the same manner as basic  earnings  per share,  but
also gives effect to all dilutive stock options and unvested  restricted  shares
using the  treasury  stock  method and during the year ended  December  31, 2004
includes an adjustment,  if dilutive,  to both net income and shares outstanding
as if our 8.25% convertible  subordinated  debentures were converted into common
stock at the beginning of the periods  presented.  There were  approximately 0.8
million stock  options not included in diluted  earnings per common share during
the  years  ended   December  31,  2005  and  2006,   as  the  effect  would  be
anti-dilutive.  There were no anti-dilutive  stock options during the year ended
December 31, 2004.


                                                                              70
<PAGE>

    The following table sets forth our computation of basic and diluted earnings
per common share (in thousands, except per share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                              -------------------------------------------
                                                                                2004             2005              2006
                                                                                ----             ----              ----
<S>                                                                           <C>               <C>               <C>
Basic earnings per common share -- numerator:
    Net income ........................................................       $42,559           $46,551           $29,817
                                                                              =======           =======           =======
Diluted earnings per common share -- numerator:
    Net income -- basic ...............................................       $42,559           $46,551           $29,817
    Effect of dilutive securities (net of income tax effects) .........         1,357                --                --
                                                                              -------           -------           -------
    Net income -- diluted .............................................       $43,916           $46,551           $29,817
                                                                              =======           =======           =======
Denominator:
    Denominator for basic earnings per common share-weighted-
     average shares ...................................................        26,251            30,381            30,557
    Effect of dilutive securities:
    Stock options .....................................................         1,098               864               540
    Convertible securities ............................................         3,328                --                --
                                                                              -------           -------           -------
    Dilutive potential common shares ..................................         4,426               864               540
                                                                              -------           -------           -------
    Denominator for diluted earnings per common share-adjusted
     weighted-average shares and assumed conversions ..................        30,677            31,245            31,097
                                                                              =======           =======           =======
 Basic earnings per common share: .....................................       $  1.62           $  1.53           $  0.98
                                                                              =======           =======           =======
 Diluted earnings per common share: ...................................       $  1.43           $  1.49           $  0.96
                                                                              =======           =======           =======
</TABLE>

Comprehensive Income

      SFAS No. 130, Reporting  Comprehensive Income,  requires the change in net
unrealized  gains or losses on our retained  interests in notes receivable sold,
which  are  held as  available-for-sale  investments,  to be  included  in other
comprehensive  income.  Comprehensive  income is shown as a subtotal  within our
consolidated statements of shareholders' equity for each period presented.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

      In March 2006,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 156,  Accounting for Servicing of
Financial  Assets, an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140, which amends SFAS No.
140.  SFAS No. 156 changes SFAS No. 140 by  requiring  that  Mortgage  Servicing
Rights ("MSRs") be initially recognized at their fair value and by providing the
option to  either:  (1) carry  MSRs at fair  value  with  changes  in fair value
recognized  in  earnings;  or (2)  continue  recognizing  periodic  amortization
expense and assess the MSRs for  impairment as  originally  required by SFAS No.
140. This option may be applied by class of servicing  asset or liability.  SFAS
No.  156 is  effective  for  all  separately  recognized  servicing  assets  and
liabilities  acquired or issued after the  beginning of an entity's  fiscal year
that begins after September 15, 2006, with early adoption permitted. The Company
adopted  SFAS No. 156 on January 1, 2007.  We do not expect that the adoption of
SFAS No.  156 will  result  in a  material  impact to our  financial  condition,
results of operations, cash flows or disclosures.

      In July 2006, the FASB issued FASB  Interpretation  No. 48, Accounting for
Uncertainty  in Income  Taxes  ("FIN  48").  This  interpretation  prescribes  a
recognition  threshold and  measurement  attribute  for the financial  statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a
tax return.  This  interpretation  also  provides  guidance  on  de-recognition,
classification,   interest  and  penalties,   accounting  in  interim   periods,
disclosure,  and transition.  The  interpretation  is effective for fiscal years
beginning  after December 15, 2006.  Although we have not completed our analysis
of the impact  this  Interpretation  will have,  we do not  anticipate  that the
adoption of FIN 48 will result in a material impact on our financial  condition,
results of operations, cash flows or disclosures.

      In September  2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value  Measurements
("SFAS No. 157").  SFAS No. 157  establishes a common  definition for fair value
under United States generally accepted accounting  principles guidance requiring
the use of fair value,  establishes a framework for  measuring  fair value,  and
expands disclosure about such fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 is effective
for fiscal years  beginning  after November 15, 2007. We will adopt SFAS No. 157
effective January 1, 2008, and are currently  assessing the impact the statement
will have on our  financial  condition,  results  of  operations,  cash flows or
disclosures.

Reclassifications

      We have made certain  reclassifications of prior period amounts to conform
to the current period presentation.


                                                                              71
<PAGE>

2. Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle

      Effective  January 1, 2006, we adopted SFAS No. 152,  Accounting  for Real
Estate  Time-Sharing  Transactions  ("SFAS No. 152"). This statement amends SFAS
No. 66,  Accounting  for Sales of Real Estate,  and SFAS No. 67,  Accounting for
Costs and Initial Rental Operations of Real Estate Projects, in association with
the issuance of American  Institute of Certified  Public  Accountants  ("AICPA")
Statement of Position  ("SOP")  04-2,  Accounting  for Real Estate  Time-Sharing
Transactions.  SFAS No. 152 was  issued to address  the  diversity  in  practice
resulting  from a lack of guidance  specific to the  timeshare  industry.  Among
other  things,  the new standard  addresses  the  treatment of sales  incentives
provided by a seller to a buyer to consummate a transaction,  the calculation of
and presentation of uncollectible  notes receivable,  the recognition of changes
in inventory  cost  estimates,  recovery or  repossession  of VOIs,  selling and
marketing  costs,  operations  during holding  periods,  developer  subsidies to
property owners' associations and upgrade and reload  transactions.  Restatement
of previously reported financial statements is not permitted.  Accordingly, as a
result of the adoption of SFAS No. 152,  our  financial  statements  for periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2006, are not comparable,  in certain respects,
with those prepared for periods ended prior to January 1, 2006.

      Many sellers of timeshare  interests,  including us, provide incentives to
customers  in  connection  with the  purchase of a VOI.  Under SFAS No. 152, the
value of  certain  incentives  and other  similarly  treated  items  are  either
recorded as a reduction  to VOI revenue or recorded in a separate  revenue  line
item within the statements of income,  in our case other resort and  communities
operations revenue.  Furthermore,  SFAS No. 152 requires that certain incentives
and other  similarly  treated  items such as cash  credits  earned  through  our
Sampler Program be considered in calculating the buyer's down payment toward the
buyer's  commitment,  as defined in SFAS No. 152,  in  purchasing  the VOI.  Our
Sampler Program provides  purchasers with an opportunity to utilize our vacation
ownership  product  during a one year  trial  period.  In the event the  Sampler
purchaser  subsequently  purchases  a  vacation  ownership  interest  from us, a
portion of the amount paid for their Sampler Package is credited toward the down
payment on the  subsequent  purchase.  Under SFAS No. 152,  the credit  given is
treated similarly to a sales incentive. If after considering the sales incentive
the required buyer's  commitment  amount,  defined as 10% of sales value, is not
met,  the VOI  revenue and related  cost of sales and direct  selling  costs are
deferred until the buyer's  commitment test is satisfied,  generally through the
receipt of required  mortgage note payments from the buyer. The net deferred VOI
revenue and related costs are recorded as a component of deferred  income in the
accompanying  balance  sheet as of December 31,  2006.  Prior to the adoption of
SFAS No. 152, sales incentives were not recorded apart from VOI revenue and were
not considered in determining the customer down payment  required in the buyer's
commitment in purchasing the VOIs.

      SFAS No. 152 also amends the relative  sales value method of recording VOI
cost of sales. Specifically, consideration is now given not only to the costs to
build or  acquire a project  and the total  revenue  expected  to be earned on a
project,  but  also to the  sales  of  recovered  vacation  ownership  interests
reacquired  on future  cancelled  or defaulted  sales.  The cost of VOI sales is
calculated  by  estimating  these  future  costs  and  recoveries.  Prior to the
adoption  of SFAS  No.  152,  we did not  include  the  recovery  of VOIs in our
projected revenues in determining the related cost of the VOIs sold.

      SFAS No. 152 changes the treatment of losses on vacation  ownership  notes
and contracts  receivable and provides  specific guidance on methods to estimate
losses.  Specifically,  SFAS No.  152  requires  that the  estimated  losses  on
originated  mortgages  exclude an estimate  for the value of  recoveries  as the
recoveries are to be considered in inventory  costing,  as described  above.  In
addition,  the standard requires a change in the classification of our provision
for loan  losses  for  vacation  ownership  receivables  that were  historically
recorded as an expense,  requiring  that such amount be reflected as a reduction
of VOI sales.  Furthermore,  if we sell our vacation ownership notes receivables
in a transaction that qualifies for off-balance sheet sales treatment under SFAS
No.  140,  the  associated  allowance  for  loan  losses  related  to  the  sold
receivables is reversed and reflected as an increase to VOI sales.  Prior to the
adoption of SFAS No. 152, the reversal of the allowance on sold  receivables was
recorded as a component of the gain on sale.

      Under SFAS No.152,  rental operations,  including the usage of our Sampler
Program, are accounted for as incidental operations whereby incremental costs in
excess of  incremental  revenue are charged to expense as incurred.  Conversely,
incremental revenue in excess of incremental costs is recorded as a reduction to
VOI  inventory.  Incremental  costs  include costs that have been incurred by us
during the holding  period of the unsold VOIs,  such as developer  subsidies and
maintenance  fees.  During 2006, all of our rental  revenue and Sampler  revenue
recognized  was recorded as an off-set to cost of other  resort and  communities
operations revenue as such amounts were less than the incremental cost. Prior to
the adoption of SFAS No. 152, rental  revenues were separately  presented in the
consolidated statements of income as a component of other resort and communities
operations  revenue and a portion of Sampler  proceeds  was  deferred  until the
buyer purchased a VOI or the Sampler usage period expired.


                                                                              72
<PAGE>

      The adoption of SFAS No. 152 on January 1, 2006,  resulted in a net charge
of $4.5  million,  which is  presented  as a  cumulative  effect  of  change  in
accounting  principle,  net of the related tax benefit and the charge related to
minority interest.

3. Joint Venture

      On June 16, 2000,  one of our  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  entered into an
agreement  with Big Cedar LLC ("Big  Cedar"),  an  affiliate  of Bass Pro,  Inc.
("Bass  Pro"),  to form the Joint  Venture,  a vacation  ownership  development,
marketing and sales limited liability company.  The Joint Venture is developing,
marketing  and selling VOIs at The  Bluegreen  Wilderness  Club at Big Cedar,  a
324-unit,  wilderness-themed  resort  adjacent to the Big Cedar Lodge,  a luxury
hotel resort owned by Big Cedar,  on the shores of Table Rock Lake in Ridgedale,
Missouri.  During the year ended April 1, 2001,  we made an initial cash capital
contribution to the Joint Venture of approximately $3.2 million, in exchange for
a 51% ownership interest in the Joint Venture. In exchange for a 49% interest in
the Joint Venture, Big Cedar has contributed approximately 46 acres of land with
a fair  market  value of $3.2  million  to the  Joint  Venture.  (See Note 4 for
further information regarding payment of profit distributions to Big Cedar.)

      In addition to its 51%  ownership  interest,  we also  receive a quarterly
management  fee from the Joint  Venture  equal to 3% of the Joint  Venture's net
sales in exchange for our involvement in the day-to-day  operations of the Joint
Venture.  We also service the Joint Venture's notes receivable in exchange for a
servicing fee.

      Based on our role as the  day-to-day  manager  of the Joint  Venture,  its
majority control of the Joint Venture's Management Committee and our controlling
financial  interest in the Joint Venture,  the accounts of the Joint Venture are
consolidated in our financial statements.

      Because the Joint  Venture has a finite life (i.e.,  the Joint Venture can
only exist  through  the  earlier  of: i)  December  31,  2050;  ii) the sale or
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Joint Venture; iii)
a decision to  dissolve  the Joint  Venture by us and Big Cedar;  or iv) certain
other events described in the Joint Venture agreement), the minority interest in
the  Joint   Venture  meets  the   definition   of  a   mandatorily   redeemable
non-controlling  interest as specified in SFAS No. 150,  Accounting  for Certain
Financial  Instruments with  Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity. The
settlement  value of this  mandatorily  redeemable  non-controlling  interest at
December  31,  2005 and 2006 was $9.8  million and $15.2  million  respectively,
based on the sale or  disposition of all or  substantially  all of the assets of
the Joint Venture as of those respective dates.

      During the years  ended  December  31,  2004,  2005,  and 2006,  the Joint
Venture  paid  approximately  $0.5  million,  $0.6  million,  and $0.5  million,
respectively,  to Bass Pro and affiliates for construction  management  services
and  furniture  and fixtures in  connection  with the  development  of the Joint
Venture's  vacation  ownership resort and sales office.  In addition,  the Joint
Venture paid Big Cedar and affiliates  approximately $1.8 million, $2.0 million,
and $2.9 million for gift  certificates  and hotel lodging during the year ended
December 31, 2004,  2005, and 2006,  respectively,  in connection with the Joint
Venture's marketing activities.

4. Marketing Agreement

      On June  16,  2000,  we  entered  into  an  exclusive,  10-year  marketing
agreement with Bass Pro, a privately-held retailer of fishing,  marine, hunting,
camping and sports  gear.  Bass Pro is an  affiliate  of Big Cedar (see Note 3).
Pursuant to the agreement,  we have the right to market our VOIs at each of Bass
Pro's national retail  locations (we are currently in 37 of Bass Pro's stores as
of December 31, 2006),  in Bass Pro's catalogs and on its web site. We also have
access  to Bass  Pro's  customer  lists.  In  exchange  for these  services,  we
compensate Bass Pro based on the overall  success of their marketing  activities
through one of the Bass Pro marketing  channels  described  above. The amount of
compensation is dependent on the level of additional  marketing efforts required
by us to  convert  the  prospect  into a sale and a defined  time frame for such
marketing  efforts.  No  compensation  was paid to Bass Pro on sales made by the
Joint Venture.

      On June 16, 2000, we prepaid $9.0 million to Bass Pro (the  "Prepayment").
The Prepayment  was fully  amortized  from  compensation  earned by Bass Pro and
distributions  otherwise  payable  to Big Cedar from the  earnings  of the Joint
Venture as a member thereof through December 31, 2005.  Additional  compensation
and member  distributions will be paid in cash to Bass Pro or Big Cedar.  During
the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively, the Joint Venture made
member distributions of $2.7 million and $1.9 million, respectively. Of the 2005
distribution,  $1.3  million  was  payable to Big Cedar and used to pay down the
balance of the  Prepayment.  As of December 31, 2005,  the  Prepayment was fully
amortized.


                                                                              73
<PAGE>

      In 2004, 2005 and 2006, we recognized  marketing  compensation  expense to
Bass  Pro of  approximately  $4.5  million,  $5.2  million,  and  $6.4  million,
respectively.  During the years ended December 31, 2004, 2005, and 2006, we paid
affiliates  of Bass  Pro  approximately  $85,000,  $89,000,  and  $2.1  million,
respectively,  for various  services  including  tour costs,  premiums  and lead
generation.

5. Notes Receivable and Note Receivable Purchase Facilities

      The table below sets forth  additional  information  relative to our notes
receivable (in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                    --------------------------------
                                                                       2005                   2006
                                                                       ----                   ----
<S>                                                                 <C>                    <C>
            Notes receivable secured by VOIs ....................   $ 131,058              $ 150,649
            Notes receivable secured by homesites ...............       7,408                  6,915
            Other notes receivable ..............................         186                    186
                                                                    ---------              ---------
            Notes receivable, gross .............................     138,652                157,750
            Reserve for loan losses .............................     (10,869)               (13,499)
                                                                    ---------              ----------
            Notes receivable, net ...............................   $ 127,783              $ 144,251
                                                                    =========              =========
</TABLE>

      The  weighted-average  interest rate on our notes receivable was 14.6% and
14.2% at December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively. All of our vacation ownership
loans bear interest at fixed rates.  The weighted  average interest rate charged
on loans  secured  by VOIs was 14.8% and 14.3% at  December  31,  2005 and 2006,
respectively.  Approximately  80% of our notes  receivable  secured by homesites
bear  interest at variable  rates,  while the  balance  bears  interest at fixed
rates.  The weighted average interest rate charged on loans secured by homesites
was 10.7% and 11.9% at December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively.

      Our vacation  ownership loans are generally secured by property located in
Florida, Michigan, Missouri,  Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,
Wisconsin and Aruba. The majority of Bluegreen Communities' notes receivable are
secured by homesites in Georgia, Texas and Virginia.

      The table below sets forth the activity in our allowance for uncollectible
notes receivable for 2005 and 2006 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Year Ended
                                                                            December 31,
                                                                    ----------------------------
                                                                      2005                2006
                                                                      ----                ----
<S>                                                                 <C>                 <C>
            Balance, beginning of year ..........................     13,663              10,869
            Cumulative adjustment for cumulative effect of
            change in accounting principle ......................         --               1,164
            Provision for loan losses (1) .......................     27,587              59,489

            Less: Allowance on sold receivables .................    (14,607)            (38,848)

            Less: Write-offs of uncollectible receivables .......    (15,774)            (19,175)
                                                                    --------            --------
               Balance, end of year .............................   $ 10,869            $ 13,499
                                                                    ========            ========
</TABLE>

(1)   Effective  January 1, 2006,  SFAS No. 152 requires  that the provision for
      loan loss be recorded as reduction of VOI sales.

      Installments  due on our notes  receivable  during  each of the five years
subsequent to December 31, 2005,  and 2006,  and  thereafter are set forth below
(in thousands):

                                                       2005         2006
                                                       ----         ----
                       Due in 1 year ...........    $ 21,231     $ 28,912
                       Due in 2 years ..........       9,684       10,280
                       Due in 3 years ..........      10,469       11,008
                       Due in 4 years ..........      10,997       12,079
                       Due in 5 years ..........      11,888       13,693
                       Thereafter ..............      74,383       81,778
                                                    --------     --------
                                 Total .........    $138,652     $157,750
                                                    ========     ========


                                                                              74
<PAGE>

Sales of Notes Receivable

      Sales of notes receivable  during the years ended December 31, 2004, 2005,
and 2006 were as follows (in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       Year Ended
   December 31, 2004:
                                        Aggregate Principal                                 Initial Fair Value
                                          Balance of Notes     Purchase          Gain          of Retained
Facility                                  Receivable Sold        Price         Recognized        Interest
--------                                  ---------------        -----         ----------        --------
<S>                                           <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
2004 Term Securitization                      $  172.1         $  156.6         $   21.1         $   33.3
2004 GE Purchase Facility                         43.4             38.6              4.9              6.1
                                              --------         --------         --------         --------
     Total                                    $  215.5         $  195.2         $   26.0         $   39.4
                                              ========         ========         ========         ========

<CAPTION>
       Year Ended
   December 31, 2005:

                                        Aggregate Principal                                 Initial Fair Value
                                          Balance of Notes     Purchase          Gain          of Retained
Facility                                  Receivable Sold        Price         Recognized        Interest
--------                                  ---------------        -----         ----------        --------
<S>                                           <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
2004 BB&T Purchase
   Facility                                   $  211.9         $  180.1         $   25.0         $   42.4
2005 Term Securitization                          16.7             15.1              0.2              3.0
                                              --------         --------         --------         --------
     Total                                    $  228.6         $  195.2         $   25.2         $   45.4
                                              ========         ========         ========         ========

<CAPTION>
        Year Ended
    December 31, 2006:
                                        Aggregate Principal                                 Initial Fair Value
                                          Balance of Notes     Purchase          Gain          of Retained
Facility                                  Receivable Sold        Price         Recognized        Interest
--------                                  ---------------        -----         ----------        --------
<S>                                           <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
2005 Term Securitization                      $   18.6         $   16.7         $    4.6         $    3.3
2006-A GE Purchase Facility                       72.0             64.8             11.1              7.9
2006 Term Securitization                         153.0            137.0             29.0             22.8
                                              --------         --------         --------         --------
     Total                                    $  243.6         $  218.5         $   44.7         $   34.0
                                              ========         ========         ========         ========
</TABLE>

      As a result of adopting SFAS No. 152,  during the year ended  December 31,
2006, approximately $38.8 million of the gain was recorded as an increase to VOI
sales.  The  remaining  gain of $5.9 million has been  recorded as a gain on the
sales of  notes  receivable  on the  Statements  of  Income  for the year  ended
December 31, 2006.

      The following  assumptions  were used to measure the initial fair value of
the retained  interest in notes  receivable  sold or securitized for each of the
2004 transactions:  prepayment rates which decrease from 17% to 13% per annum as
the portfolios mature; loss severity rate ranging from 40% to 73%; default rates
which decrease from 10% to 1% per annum as the portfolios  mature;  and discount
rates ranging from 9% to 14%.

      The following  assumptions  were used to measure the initial fair value of
the retained  interest in notes  receivable  sold or securitized for each of the
2005  transactions:  prepayment rates which decrease from 17% to 9% per annum as
the portfolios mature; loss severity rate ranging from 35% to 45%; default rates
which decrease from 10% to 1% per annum as the portfolios  mature;  and discount
rates ranging from 9% to 12%.

      The following  assumptions  were used to measure the initial fair value of
the retained  interests in notes  receivable sold or securitized for each of the
2006  transactions:  Prepayment rates which decrease from 17% to 9% per annum as
the  portfolios  mature;  loss severity  rates ranging from 35% to 71%;  default
rates which  decrease from 11% to 1% per annum as the portfolios  mature;  and a
discount rate of 9%.

      The following is a description  of the  facilities  that were used to sell
notes  receivable  that qualified for sale  recognition  under the provisions of
SFAS 140.

2004 Term Securitization

      On July 8, 2004, BB&T Capital Markets, a division of Scott & Stringfellow,
Inc.  consummated  a  $156.6  million  private  offering  and  sale of  vacation
ownership   receivable-backed   securities   on  our  behalf   (the  "2004  Term


                                                                              75
<PAGE>

Securitization").   The  $172.1  million  in  aggregate  principal  of  vacation
ownership receivables offered and sold in the 2004 Term Securitization  included
$152.8  million in aggregate  principal of  qualified  receivables  that secured
receivable-backed  notes  payable and $19.3  million in  aggregate  principal of
qualified  vacation  ownership  receivables  that, as permitted in the 2004 Term
Securitization,  were subsequently sold without recourse (except for breaches of
certain  representations  and  warranties  at the time of sale) in two  separate
tranches on August 13, 2004 and August 24, 2004 to an owner's trust (a qualified
special  purpose  entity)  through our  wholly-owned,  special  purpose  finance
subsidiary,  Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance Corporation VIII. The proceeds from
the 2004 Term  Securitization  were used to pay Resort Finance,  LLC all amounts
then outstanding under their  receivable-backed notes payable facility, pay fees
associated with the transaction to third-parties  and deposit initial amounts in
a required cash reserve account. We received net cash proceeds of $19.1 million.
We also  recognized  an aggregate  gain of $21.1 million and recorded a retained
interest in the future cash flows of the notes  receivable  securitized of $33.3
million in connection with the 2004 Term Securitization.

2004 GE Purchase Facility

      On August  3,  2004,  we  executed  agreements  for a  vacation  ownership
receivables  purchase  facility (the "2004 GE Purchase  Facility")  with General
Electric Capital  Corporation  ("GE"). The 2004 GE Purchase Facility utilized an
owner's  trust  structure,  pursuant to which we sold  receivables  to Bluegreen
Receivables Finance  Corporation VII, our wholly-owned,  special purpose finance
subsidiary  ("BRFC VII"),  and BRFC VII sold the receivables to an owner's trust
(a qualified  special purpose entity) without  recourse to us or BRFC VII except
for breaches of certain customary  representations and warranties at the time of
sale.  We did not  enter  into any  guarantees  in  connection  with the 2004 GE
Purchase Facility.  The 2004 GE Purchase Facility had detailed requirements with
respect to the eligibility of receivables  for purchase,  and fundings under the
2004 GE Purchase Facility were subject to certain  conditions  precedent.  Under
the 2004 GE Purchase Facility,  a variable purchase price of approximately 89.5%
of the  principal  balance  of the  receivables  sold  (79.5%  in  the  case  of
receivables  originated in Aruba), subject to adjustment under certain terms and
conditions,  was paid at closing in cash.  The balance of the purchase price was
deferred  until such time as GE has  received a  specified  return,  a specified
overcollateralization  ratio is achieved, a cash reserve account is fully funded
and all  servicing,  custodial,  agent and similar fees and  expenses  have been
paid. GE earns a return equal to the applicable  Swap Rate (which is essentially
a published  interest swap  arrangement  rate as defined in the 2004 GE Purchase
Facility  agreements)  plus 3.50%,  subject to use of alternate  return rates in
certain   circumstances.   In  addition,   we  paid  GE  a  structuring  fee  of
approximately  $938,000 in October  2004.  We act as servicer  under the 2004 GE
Purchase  Facility for a fee.  The 2004 GE Purchase  Facility  includes  various
conditions to purchase, covenants, trigger events and other provisions customary
for a transaction of this type. In March 2006, we executed  agreements for a new
$125.0 million  vacation  ownership  receivables  facility with GE (see "2006 GE
Purchase Facility" below) to replace the 2004 GE Purchase Facility.

2004 BB&T Purchase Facility

      On December  31, 2004,  we executed  agreements  for a vacation  ownership
receivables  purchase  facility (the "2004 BB&T Purchase  Facility") with Branch
Banking and Trust Company ("BB&T").  The 2004 BB&T Purchase Facility utilized an
owner's  trust  structure,  pursuant to which we sold  receivables  to Bluegreen
Receivables  Finance  Corporation IX, our wholly-owned,  special purpose finance
subsidiary  ("BRFC IX"), and BRFC IX sold the receivables to an owner's trust (a
qualified  special purpose entity) without  recourse to us or BRFC IX except for
breaches of certain  customary  representations  and  warranties  at the time of
sale. We did not enter into any guarantees in connection  with the BB&T Purchase
Facility. The 2004 BB&T Purchase Facility had detailed requirements with respect
to the  eligibility of receivables  for purchase;  and,  fundings under the BB&T
Purchase Facility were subject to certain conditions  precedent.  Under the 2004
BB&T Purchase Facility,  a variable purchase price of approximately 85.0% of the
principal  balance  of the  receivables  sold,  subject  to  certain  terms  and
conditions,  was paid at closing in cash.  The balance of the purchase price was
deferred  until  such  time as BB&T had  received  a  specified  return  and all
servicing,  custodial,  agent and similar fees and  expenses had been paid.  The
specified  return was equal to the  commercial  paper  rate or London  Interbank
Offered Rate  ("LIBOR"),  as  applicable,  plus an  additional  return of 1.15%,
subject to use of alternate return rates in certain circumstances.  In addition,
we paid BB&T  structuring and other fees totaling $1.1 million in December 2004,
which was expensed over the funding  period of the 2004 BB&T Purchase  Facility.
We acted as servicer  under the 2004 BB&T Purchase  Facility for a fee. The BB&T
Purchase Facility expired on December 30, 2005.

2005 Term Securitization

      On  December  28,  2005,  BB&T  Capital  Markets,  a  division  of Scott &
Stringfellow,  Inc.,  consummated a $203.8 million private  offering and sale of
vacation    ownership    receivable-backed    securities    (the    "2005   Term
Securitization").   The  $191.1  million  in  aggregate  principal  of  vacation
ownership  receivables  offered  and sold in the 2005 Term


                                                                              76
<PAGE>

Securitization  were  previously  sold to BRFC IX. The proceeds of the 2005 Term
Securitization were used to pay BB&T all amounts outstanding under the 2004 BB&T
Purchase  Facility,  pay fees associated with the transaction to  third-parties,
deposit  initial  amounts  in a required  cash  reserve  account  and the escrow
accounts  for the  Pre-funded  Receivables  (see  below)  and  provide  net cash
proceeds of $1.1 million to us.

      In addition,  the 2005 Term Securitization allowed for an additional $35.3
million in aggregate principal of our qualifying vacation ownership  receivables
(the "Pre-funded  Receivables")  that could be sold by us through March 28, 2006
to  Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance  Corporation  X, our  wholly-owned,  special
purpose  finance  subsidiary  ("BRFC X"),  which would then sell the  Pre-funded
Receivables to BXG Receivables Note Trust 2005-A ("2005-A"), a qualified special
purpose entity, without recourse to us or BRFC X, except for breaches of certain
representations  and  warranties  at the time of  sale.  The  proceeds  of $31.8
million (at an advance  rate of 90%) as payment for the  Pre-funded  Receivables
were deposited into an escrow account by the Indenture  Trustee of the 2005 Term
Securitization until such receivables were actually sold by us to BRFC X. During
2005, we sold $16.7 million in  Pre-funded  Receivables  to BRFC X and the $15.1
million purchase price was disbursed to us from the escrow account. During 2006,
the Company sold the remaining $18.6 million in pre-funded receivables to BRFC X
and the $16.7 purchase price was disbursed to us from the escrow account.

2006 GE Purchase Facility

      In March 2006, we executed agreements for a vacation ownership receivables
purchase  facility (the "2006 GE Purchase  Facility") with General Electric Real
Estate ("GE").  The GE Purchase  Facility  utilizes an owner's trust  structure,
pursuant  to  which  we  sell  receivables  to  Bluegreen   Receivables  Finance
Corporation XI, our  wholly-owned,  special purpose  finance  subsidiary  ("BRFC
XI"), and BRFC XI sells the receivables to an owner's trust (a qualified special
purpose entity) without recourse to us or BRFC XI except for breaches of certain
customary  representations  and warranties at the time of sale. We did not enter
into any  guarantees in connection  with the 2006 GE Purchase  Facility.  The GE
Purchase  Facility has detailed  requirements with respect to the eligibility of
receivables  for  purchase,  and  fundings  under the GE Purchase  Facility  are
subject to certain conditions  precedent.  Under the2006 GE Purchase Facility, a
variable  purchase price of  approximately  90% of the principal  balance of the
receivables sold,  subject to adjustment under certain terms and conditions,  is
paid at closing in cash.  The balance of the  purchase  price is deferred  until
such   time   as   GE   has   received   a   specified   return,   a   specified
overcollateralization  ratio is achieved, a cash reserve account is fully funded
and all  servicing,  custodial,  agent and similar fees and  expenses  have been
paid.  GE is  entitled  to receive a return  equal to the  applicable  Swap Rate
(which is essentially a published  interest swap  arrangement rate as defined in
the  2006  GE  Purchase  Facility  agreements)  plus  2.35%,  subject  to use of
alternate  return  rates in certain  circumstances.  In  addition,  we paid GE a
structuring fee of approximately $437,500 in March 2006. Subject to the terms of
the agreements,  we will act as servicer under the 2006 GE Purchase Facility for
a fee.

      The 2006 GE Purchase  Facility allows for sales of notes  receivable for a
cumulative  purchase  price of up to $125.0 million  through March 2008.  During
2006, the Company sold $72.0 million in vacation  ownership  receivables  for an
aggregate purchase price of $64.8 million under the GE Purchase Facility.

2006 Term Securitization

      On September 21, 2006, BB&T Capital Markets,  served as initial  purchaser
and  placement  agent for a private  offering and sale of $139.2  million of our
vacation    ownership    receivable-backed    securities    (the    "2006   Term
Securitization").   Approximately  $153.0  million  in  aggregate  principal  of
vacation ownership receivables were securitized in this transaction,  including:
(1) $75.7 million in aggregate  principal of  receivables  that were  previously
transferred under an existing vacation ownership  receivables  purchase facility
in which BB&T serves as Agent (see 2006 BB&T Purchase Facility below); (2) $38.0
million of vacation  ownership  receivables owned by us immediately prior to the
2006  Term  Securitization  and 3) an  additional  $39.3  million  in  aggregate
principal of our qualifying vacation ownership receivables (the "2006 Pre-funded
Receivables")  that could be sold by us through  December  22,  2006.  Bluegreen
Receivables  Finance  Corporation XII, our wholly-owned  special purpose finance
subsidiary  ("BRFC XII") would then sell the 2006 Pre-funded  Receivables to BXG
Receivables  Note Trust 2006-B,  an owner's trust (a qualified  special  purpose
entity),  without  recourse  to us or BRFC XII,  except for  breaches of certain
representations  and  warranties at the time of sale.  The expected  proceeds of
$35.7  million (at an advance  rate of 91%) as payment  for the 2006  Pre-funded
Receivables  were  originally  deposited into an escrow account by the indenture
trustee of the 2006 Term  Securitization.  During  2006,  the Company sold $39.3
million  in 2006  Pre-funded  Receivables  to BRFC  XII  and the  $35.7  million
purchase  price was disbursed to us from the escrow  account.  The proceeds were
used by us for general operating purposes.


                                                                              77
<PAGE>

6. Retained Interests in Notes Receivable Sold

Retained Interests in Notes Receivable Sold

      Our retained  interests in notes  receivable sold, which are classified as
available-for-sale  investments,  and their associated  unrealized gains are set
forth below (in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      Gross
                                                                                   Amortized       Unrealized
      As of December 31, 2005:                                                        Cost             Gain         Fair Value
      ------------------------                                                     ---------        ---------       ----------
<S>                                                                                <C>              <C>              <C>
      2002 Term Securitization ............................................        $  18,491        $      --        $  18,491
      2004 Term Securitization (see Note 5) ...............................           33,371            3,373           36,744
      2004 GE Purchase Facility (see Note 5) ..............................            6,284              500            6,784
      2005 Term Securitization (see Note 5) ...............................           33,606           10,071           43,677
                                                                                   ---------        ---------        ---------
      Total ...............................................................        $  91,752        $  13,944        $ 105,696
                                                                                   =========        =========        =========

<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      Gross
                                                                                   Amortized       Unrealized
      As of December 31, 2006:                                                       Cost              Gain         Fair Value
      ------------------------                                                     ---------        ---------       ----------
<S>                                                                                <C>              <C>              <C>
      2002 Term Securitization ............................................        $  12,643        $     472        $  13,115
      2004 Term Securitization (see Note 5) ...............................           17,784            2,785           20,569
      2004 GE Purchase Facility (see Note 5) ..............................            6,695               56            6,751
      2005 Term Securitization (see Note 5) ...............................           42,469            8,291           50,760
      2006 GE Purchase Facility (see Note 5) ..............................            7,405            1,264            8,669
      2006 Term Securitization (see Note 5) ...............................           23,253            7,506           30,759
                                                                                   ---------        ---------        ---------
      Total ...............................................................        $ 110,249        $  20,374        $ 130,623
                                                                                   =========        =========        =========
</TABLE>

      As of December 31, 2005 and 2006 there were no gross unrealized  losses in
our retained interest in notes receivable sold.

      The contractual  maturities of our retained  interest in notes  receivable
sold  as of  December  31,  2006,  based  on the  final  maturity  dates  of the
underlying notes receivable, range from five to ten years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Amortized
                                                                       Cost       Fair Value
                                                                    ---------     ----------
<S>                                                                  <C>           <C>
              After one year but within five .........               $     --      $     --
              After five years but within ten ........                110,249       130,623
                                                                     --------      --------
                   Total .............................               $110,249      $130,623
                                                                     ========      ========
</TABLE>

      The following assumptions were used to measure the fair value of the above
retained interests as of December 31, 2005: prepayment rates which decrease from
20% to 9% per annum as the portfolios  mature;  loss severity rates ranging from
30% to 73%;  default  rates  which  decrease  from  10% to 1% per  annum  as the
portfolios mature; and discount rates ranging from 8% to 9%.

      The following assumptions were used to measure the fair value of the above
retained interests as of December 31, 2006: prepayment rates which decrease from
27% to 6% per annum as the portfolios  mature;  loss severity rates ranging from
30% to 71%;  default  rates  which  decrease  from  11% to 1% per  annum  as the
portfolios mature; and discount rates ranging from 8% to 9%.

      The  following  table shows the  hypothetical  fair value of our  retained
interests in notes  receivable  sold based on a 10% and a 20% adverse  change in
each of the  assumptions  used to  measure  the fair  value  of  those  retained
interests (dollars in thousands):


                                                                              78
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Hypothetical Fair Value at December 31, 2006
                                              --------------------------------------------
                        Adverse                                           2004 GE                       2006 GE
                         Change         2002 Term         2004 Term       Purchase       2005 Term      Purchase       2006 Term
                       Percentage    Securitization    Securitization     Facility    Securitization    Facility     Securitization
                       ----------    --------------    --------------     --------    --------------    --------     --------------
<S>                       <C>            <C>               <C>             <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>
Prepayment rate:          10%            $ 12,961          $ 20,195        $ 6,712        $49,814       $ 8,545         $ 30,194
                          20%              12,812            19,836          6,674         48,925         8,427           29,655

Loss severity rate:       10%              12,884            19,977          6,513         49,621         7,936           29,860
                          20%              12,653            19,384          6,275         48,481         7,206           28,961

Default rate:             10%              12,869            19,916          6,434         49,541         7,765           29,552
                          20%              12,626            19,274          6,125         48,340         6,883           28,367

Discount rate:            10%              12,882            20,222          6,594         49,998         8,360           30,023
                          20%              12,657            19,886          6,443         49,261         8,065           29,315
</TABLE>

      The table below summarizes  certain cash flows received from and (paid to)
our qualifying special purpose finance subsidiaries (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            For the year ended December 31,
                                                                         ------------------------------------
                                                                            2004          2005         2006
                                                                            ----          ----         ----
<S>                                                                      <C>           <C>          <C>
Proceeds from new sales of receivables .............................     $ 192,580     $ 198,260    $ 218,455
Collections on previously sold receivables .........................       (65,123)     (104,863)    (145,096)
Servicing fees received ............................................         2,931         4,969        6,955
Purchases of foreclosed assets .....................................            --          (631)      (1,122)
Resales of foreclosed assets .......................................       (16,886)      (30,573)     (40,566)
Remarketing fees received ..........................................         8,707        16,793       23,163
Cash received on retained interests in notes receivable sold .......         8,688        11,016       30,032
Cash paid to fund required reserve accounts ........................        (3,469)       (6,445)     (13,495)
Purchase of upgraded accounts ......................................            --        (2,443)     (17,447)
</TABLE>

      Quantitative  information about the portfolios of vacation ownership notes
receivable  previously sold without recourse in which we hold the above retained
interests is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  As of                 Year Ended
                                                                          December 31, 2006         December 31, 2006
                                                                     ---------------------------    -----------------
                                                                                     Principal
                                                                      Total            Amount
                                                                     Principal        of Loans            Credit
                                                                     Amount of      More than 60        Losses, Net
                                                                       Loans       Days Past Due       of Recoveries
                                                                     ---------     -------------       -------------
<S>                                                                   <C>              <C>                 <C>
2002 Term Securitization ......................................       $ 45,889         $1,308              $1,899
2004 Term Securitization ......................................         82,968          2,138               4,261
2004 GE Purchase Facility .....................................         26,390            426                  --
2005 Term Securitization ......................................        176,357          5,250               6,281
2006 Term Securitization ......................................        143,645          3,191                  --
2006 GE Purchase Facility .....................................         65,286          1,052                  --
</TABLE>

      The net  unrealized  gain on our retained  interests  in notes  receivable
sold, which is presented as a separate component of our shareholders' equity net
of income taxes, was approximately $8.6 million and $12.6 million as of December
31, 2005 and 2006, respectively.

      During the years ended  December 31, 2004,  2005, and 2006, we recorded an
other-than-temporary  decrease  of  approximately  $1.2  million,  $539,000  and
$39,000,  respectively,  in the fair value of our retained  interest  associated
with the 2002 Term Securitization,  based on higher than projected default rates
in the portfolio of receivables securitized. This charge has been netted against
interest income on our consolidated statements of income.


                                                                              79
<PAGE>

7. Inventory

      Our net inventory  holdings,  summarized by division,  are set forth below
(in thousands).


                                                           As of December 31,
                                                        -----------------------
                                                          2005           2006
                                                          ----           ----

              Bluegreen Resorts ...................     $173,338       $233,290
              Bluegreen Communities ...............       67,631        116,043
                                                        --------       --------
                                                        $240,969       $349,333

      Bluegreen  Resorts  inventory as of December  31, 2005,  consisted of land
inventory of $19.2 million, $54.2 million of construction-in-progress  and $99.9
million of completed vacation ownership units. Bluegreen Resorts inventory as of
December 31, 2006,  consisted of land inventory of $46.6 million,  $85.4 million
of  construction-in-progress  and $101.3 million of completed vacation ownership
units.

      Interest  capitalized  during the years ended December 31, 2004, 2005, and
2006 totaled $7.9 million, $10.0 million, and $12.1 million,  respectively.  The
interest expense  reflected in our  consolidated  statements of income is net of
capitalized interest.

8. Property and Equipment

      The table  below  sets forth the  property  and  equipment  held by us (in
thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                        -----------------------
                                                                         Useful Life       2005          2006
                                                                         -----------       ----          ----
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
      Office equipment, furniture and fixtures .......................    3-14 years    $  50,720     $  58,795
      Golf course land, land improvements, buildings and equipment ...    7-39 years       32,497        33,684
      Land, buildings and building improvements ......................    3-31 years       25,902        35,254
      Leasehold improvements .........................................    2-14 years       12,041        16,846
      Aircraft .......................................................       5 years        1,415         1,415
      Vehicles and equipment .........................................     3-5 years        1,129         1,044
                                                                                        ---------     ---------
                                                                                          123,704       147,038
      Accumulated depreciation and amortization of leasehold
         improvements ................................................                    (44,070)      (54,593)
                                                                                        ---------     ---------
                Total ................................................                  $  79,634     $  92,445
                                                                                        =========     =========
</TABLE>

9.  Receivable-Backed Notes Payable

      2006 BB&T Purchase  Facility.  In May 2006, we executed  agreements  for a
vacation  ownership  receivables  purchase  facility  (the "2006  BB&T  Purchase
Facility")  with BB&T.  While  ownership of the  receivables is transferred  for
legal purposes, the transfer of the receivables under the facility are accounted
for as a financing  transaction for financial accounting purposes.  Accordingly,
the  receivables   continue  to  be  reflected  as  assets  and  the  associated
obligations are reflected as liabilities on our balance sheet. The BB&T Purchase
Facility  utilizes  an owner's  trust  structure,  pursuant to which we transfer
receivables to Bluegreen  Timeshare  Finance  Corporation  I, our  wholly-owned,
special purpose finance subsidiary ("BTFC I"), and BTFC I subsequently transfers
the receivables to an owner's trust without recourse to us or BTFC I, except for
breaches of certain  customary  representations  and  warranties  at the time of
transfer.  We did not enter  into any  guarantees  in  connection  with the BB&T
Purchase  Facility.  The 2006 BB&T Purchase  Facility has detailed  requirements
with respect to the  eligibility  of  receivables,  and fundings  under the BB&T
Purchase Facility are subject to certain  conditions  precedent.  Under the 2006
BB&T Purchase  Facility,  a variable  purchase price of approximately 85% of the
principal balance of the receivables  transferred,  subject to certain terms and
conditions,  is paid at closing in cash.  The balance of the  purchase  price is
deferred until such time as BB&T and other liquidity  providers arranged by BB&T
have in aggregate  received a specified return (the "Specified  Return") and all
servicing,  custodial,  agent and similar fees and expenses have been paid.  The
Specified Return is equal to either the commercial paper rate or LIBOR rate plus
1.25%,  subject to use of alternate  return rates in certain  circumstances.  In
addition, we will pay BB&T structuring and other fees totaling $1.7 million over
the  term of the  facility  and we will act as  servicer  under  the  2006  BB&T
Purchase  Facility for a fee. The BB&T Purchase Facility allows for transfers of
notes receivable for a cumulative  purchase price of up to $137.5 million,  on a
revolving basis,  through May 2008. During 2006, we borrowed $68.4 million under
the 2006 BB&T Purchase  Facility.  All amounts  borrowed under this facility had
been repaid as of December 31, 2006,  through


                                                                              80
<PAGE>

principal and interest payments received on transferred receivables and the 2006
Term Securitization  described above. As such, there were no outstanding amounts
due under this facility as of December 31, 2006 and the  remaining  availability
under the BB&T Purchase Facility was $137.5 million.

      The GMAC  Receivables  Facility.  In  February  2003,  we  entered  into a
revolving vacation ownership  receivables credit facility (the "GMAC Receivables
Facility") with Residential Funding  Corporation  ("RFC"), an affiliate of GMAC.
The  borrowing  limit  under the GMAC  Receivables  Facility,  as  increased  by
amendment,  is $75.0  million.  The  borrowing  period  on the GMAC  Receivables
Facility, as amended,  expires on February 15, 2008, and outstanding  borrowings
mature no later than  February  15,  2015.  The GMAC  Receivables  Facility  has
detailed  requirements  with  respect  to the  eligibility  of  receivables  for
inclusion  and other  conditions to funding.  The borrowing  base under the GMAC
Receivables  Facility is 90% of the  outstanding  principal  balance of eligible
notes  arising from the sale of VOIs.  The GMAC  Receivables  Facility  includes
affirmative,  negative  and  financial  covenants  and  events of  default.  All
principal and interest payments  received on pledged  receivables are applied to
principal  and interest due under the GMAC  Receivables  Facility.  Indebtedness
under the  facility  bears  interest at LIBOR plus 4.00%  (9.33% at December 31,
2006).  During the year ended  December 31, 2006, we did not pledge any vacation
ownership  receivables under the GMAC Receivables  Facility.  As of December 31,
2005 and 2006, $25.4 million and $16.9 million,  respectively,  were outstanding
under the GMAC Receivables Facility.

      The  Foothill  Facility.  We are in  documentation  for the renewal of the
advance  period under a $30.0 million  revolving  credit  facility with Foothill
secured by the pledge of Bluegreen  Communities'  receivables,  with up to $10.0
million of the total  facility  available for Bluegreen  Communities'  inventory
borrowings  and up to $10.0  million  of the total  facility  available  for the
pledge of Bluegreen Resorts' receivables (the "Foothill Facility"). The Foothill
Facility  requires  principal  payments based on  agreed-upon  release prices as
sales of homesites in the encumbered  communities  are closed and bears interest
at the prime lending rate plus 1.25% (9.5% December 31, 2006). Interest payments
are due monthly. The interest rate charged on outstanding  receivable borrowings
under the Foothill  Facility,  as amended,  is the prime lending rate plus 0.25%
(8.5% at December 31, 2006) when the average monthly outstanding loan balance is
greater than or equal to $15.0 million.  If the average monthly outstanding loan
balance is less than $15.0 million, the interest rate is the greater of 4.00% or
the prime  lending rate plus 0.50% (8.75% at December 31,  2006).  All principal
and interest payments  received on pledged  receivables are applied to principal
and  interest  due under the  Foothill  Facility.  At  December  31,  2006,  the
outstanding principal balance under the facility was $2.0 million, approximately
$1.4 million of which relates to Bluegreen  Communities'  receivables borrowings
and approximately $0.6 million of which relate to Bluegreen Resorts' receivables
borrowings under the Foothill Facility. There was $3.2 million outstanding as of
December 31, 2005. Outstanding indebtedness collateralized by receivables is due
December 31, 2008.

      The Textron Facility.  During December 2003, we signed a combination $30.0
million  Acquisition  and Development  and Timeshare  Receivables  facility with
Textron Financial Corporation (the "Textron Facility"). The borrowing period for
acquisition and development  loans under the Textron Facility expired on October
1, 2004. The borrowing period for vacation ownership receivables loans under the
Textron  Facility expired on March 1, 2006, and outstanding  vacation  ownership
receivables  borrowings  mature no later than March 31, 2009.  Receivable-backed
borrowings  under the Textron  Facility  bear interest at the prime lending rate
plus 1.00% (9.25% at December 31,  2006),  subject to a 6.00%  minimum  interest
rate.  During the year ended  December  31,  2005,  we  borrowed  $10.5  million
collateralized  by  $11.6  million  of  vacation  ownership  receivables.  As of
December 31, 2006, $2.8 million was outstanding under the Textron Facility,  all
of which was receivable-backed debt.

      The Resort  Finance  Facility.  On October 8, 2003,  Resort  Finance,  LLC
("RFL")  acquired and assumed the rights,  obligations  and  commitments  of ING
Capital,  LLC ("ING") as initial  purchaser  in an existing  vacation  ownership
receivables  purchase facility (the "RFL Facility")  originally executed between
ING and us in April 2002. On September 30, 2004, we executed an extension of the
RFL  Facility  to allow for  borrowings  on notes  receivable  for a  cumulative
advance  amount of up to $100.0 million on a revolving  basis through  September
29, 2005. On September 29, 2005, we executed an extension of the RFL Facility to
December 29, 2005.

      The RFL Facility utilized an owner's trust structure, pursuant to which we
pledged  receivables to Bluegreen  Receivables Finance Corporation V, one of our
wholly-owned,  special  purpose  finance  subsidiaries  ("BRFC  V"),  and BRFC V
pledged the receivables to an owner's trust (a qualified special purpose entity)
without recourse to us or BRFC V except for breaches of certain  representations
and  warranties at the time of funding.  We did not enter into any guarantees in
connection  with the RFL Facility.  Under the RFL Facility,  a variable  advance
rate of 85.00% of the principal balance of the receivables  pledged,  subject to
certain customary terms and conditions, was paid in cash at funding. The balance
of advance was deferred  until such time as RFL had received a specified  return
and all  servicing,  custodial,  agent and similar fees and  expenses  have been
paid. RFL earned a return equal to LIBOR plus an additional  return ranging from
2.00% to 3.25% (based on the amount  outstanding  under the RFL  Facility)  from


                                                                              81
<PAGE>

October 8, 2003 through  September 30, 2004,  and earned a return equal to LIBOR
plus 3.25%  through  December 29, 2005,  subject to the use of alternate  return
rates in  certain  circumstances.  In  addition,  RFL  received  a 0.25%  annual
facility fee.  Notes  receivable  financed  under the RFL Facility  qualified as
legal  sales  but were  treated  as  borrowings  in our  consolidated  financial
statements in compliance with SFAS No. 140.

      On December 28, 2005, in connection with the 2005 Term Securitization (See
Note 5) we paid off $15.8  million of  receivable-backed  notes payable was paid
off and  $17.5  million  of  aggregate  principal  balance  of notes  receivable
previously  pledged under RFL Facility was sold. Our ability to borrow under the
RFL Facility expired on December 29, 2005.

      At December 31, 2006, $24.3 million in notes receivable  secured our $21.1
million in receivable-backed notes payable.

10. Lines-of-Credit and Notes Payable

      We have  outstanding  borrowings with various  financial  institutions and
other lenders,  which have been used to finance the  acquisition and development
of our inventory and to fund operations. Financial data related to our borrowing
facilities is set forth below (in thousands).


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                     2005            2006
                                                                                     ----            ----
<S>                                                                                 <C>            <C>
      Lines-of-credit  secured by  inventory  and golf  courses with a
      carrying value of $155.3 million at December 31, 2006.  Interest
      rates range from 8.13% to 9.09% at  December  31, 2005 and 9.25%
      to 9.83% at December 31, 2006 Maturities range from October 2007
      to September 2009 ..................................................          $35,255        $ 90,974

      Notes and mortgage notes secured by certain inventory, property,
      equipment and  investments  with an aggregate  carrying value of
      $59.3 million at December 31, 2006.  Interest  rates ranged from
      4.75%  to  8.13%  at  December  31,  2005 to  4.75%  to 9.50% at
      December 31, 2006. Maturities range from on demand to May 2026 .....           24,057          32,736

      Lease  obligations  secured  by the  underlying  assets  with an
      aggregate  carrying  value of $0.7 million at December 31, 2006.
      Imputed  interest rates ranging from 3.29% to 14.20% at December
      31,  2005 and  from  3.29%  to  14.20%  at  December  31,  2006.
      Maturities range from March 2007 to October 2010 ...................            2,116             702
                                                                                    -------        --------
             Total .......................................................          $61,428        $124,412
                                                                                    =======        ========
</TABLE>

      The table  below sets forth the  contractual  minimum  principal  payments
required on our  lines-of-credit and notes payable and capital lease obligations
for each year subsequent to December 31, 2006. Such minimum contractual payments
may differ from actual payments due to the effect of principal payments required
on a homesite or VOI  release  basis for  certain of the above  obligations  (in
thousands).

                          2007 ..........     $ 39,541
                          2008 ..........        8,583
                          2009 ..........       72,433
                          2010 ..........          278
                          2011 ..........          231
                          Thereafter ....        3,346
                                              --------
                              Total .....     $124,412
                                              ========

      The following is a discussion of our  significant  credit  facilities  and
significant new borrowings during the year ended December 31, 2006:

      The GMAC AD&C  Facility.  In September  2003, RFC also provided us with an
acquisition,   development  and  construction   revolving  credit  facility  for
Bluegreen  Resorts (the "GMAC AD&C Facility").  The borrowing period on the GMAC
AD&C  Facility,  as  amended,  expires on February  15,  2008,  and  outstanding
borrowings  mature no later  than  August  15,  2013,  although  specific  draws
typically are due four years from the borrowing  date.  Principal will be repaid
through  agreed-upon  release  prices as VOIs are sold at the financed  resorts,
subject to minimum  required  amortization.  Interest  payments are due monthly.
During the year ended  December 31, 2006,  we borrowed  $53.4  million under the
GMAC AD&C  Facility to fund the  development  of VOIs at The  Fountains  and the
Carolina Grande resorts and to finance the acquisition of property in Las Vegas,
Nevada and  Williamsburg,  Virginia.  As of December  31,  2006 and 2005,  $38.6
million and $33.1 million,  respectively,  were outstanding  under the GMAC AD&C
Facility.


                                                                              82
<PAGE>

      The RFL A&D Facility.  In January 2005, we entered into a revolving credit
facility  with RFL (the "RFL A&D  Facility").  Until its  expiration  in January
2007,  we could  use the  proceeds  from the RFL A&D  Facility  to  finance  the
acquisition and development of vacation ownership  resorts.  We were required to
pay a commitment fee equal to 1.00% of the $50.0 million facility amount,  which
is paid at the time of each  borrowing  under the RFL A&D  Facility  as 1.00% of
each borrowing with the balance being paid on the unutilized  facility amount on
January 10, 2007.  In addition,  we were  required to pay a program fee equal to
0.125% of the $50.0 million facility amount per annum,  payable monthly. The RFL
A&D Facility documents included  customary  conditions to funding,  acceleration
provisions and certain financial affirmative and negative covenants.  There were
no outstanding  amounts due under this facility as of December 31, 2006 and $9.5
million outstanding as of December 31, 2005.

      The GMAC  Communities  Facility.  We have a revolving credit facility with
RFC (the "GMAC Communities Facility") for the purpose of financing our Bluegreen
Communities  real  estate  acquisitions  and  development  activities.  The GMAC
Communities  Facility is secured by the real  property  homesites  (and personal
property related thereto) at the following Bluegreen  Communities  projects,  as
well as any Bluegreen  Communities  projects  acquired by us with funds borrowed
under the GMAC Communities  Facility (the "Secured  Projects"):  Brickshire (New
Kent County,  Virginia);  Mountain Lakes Ranch  (Bluffdale,  Texas);  Ridge Lake
Shores  (Magnolia,   Texas);  Riverwood  Forest  (Fulshear,  Texas);  Waterstone
(Boerne, Texas); Catawba Falls Preserve (Black Mountain,  North Carolina);  Lake
Ridge at Joe Pool Lake (Cedar Hill and Grand Prairie,  Texas);  Mystic Shores at
Canyon  Lake  (Spring  Branch,  Texas);  Yellowstone  Creek  Ranch  (Walsenburg,
Colorado); Havenwood at Hunter's Crossing (New Braunfels, Texas); The Bridges at
Preston Crossing (Grayson County, Texas); King Oaks (College Station, Texas) and
Vintage Oaks at the  Vineyard  (New  Braunfels,  Texas).  In addition,  the GMAC
Communities  Facility is secured by our  Carolina  National  and the Preserve at
Jordan Lake golf courses in  Southport,  North  Carolina and Chapel Hill,  North
Carolina,  respectively.  Principal  payments are effected  through  agreed-upon
release  prices paid to RFC, as  homesites  in the  Secured  Projects  are sold.
Interest  payments  are due  monthly.  The GMAC  Communities  Facility  includes
customary  conditions to funding,  acceleration and event of default  provisions
and certain financial  affirmative and negative  covenants.  We use the proceeds
from  the  GMAC  Communities  Facility  to  repay  outstanding  indebtedness  on
Bluegreen  Communities  projects,  finance the  acquisition  and  development of
Bluegreen  Communities  projects and for general corporate  purposes.  The total
borrowings under this facility during the year ended December 31, 2006 was $88.1
million.  As of December  31, 2006 and 2005,  $52.3  million and $16.5  million,
respectively, was outstanding under the GMAC Communities Facility.

      The Wachovia  Line-of-Credit.  On July 26, 2006, we executed agreements to
renew our $15.0  million  unsecured  line-of-credit  with  Wachovia  Bank,  N.A.
Amounts  borrowed under the line bear interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 2.00% (7.33%
at December 31, 2006).  Interest is due monthly and all outstanding  amounts are
due on June 30,  2007.  We can only  borrow an amount  under the  line-of-credit
which is less than the remaining availability under our current, active vacation
ownership  receivables  purchase  facilities  plus  availability  under  certain
receivables  warehouse  facilities,  less any outstanding letters of credit. The
line-of-credit  agreement  contains certain covenants and conditions  typical of
arrangements  of this  type.  This  line-of-credit  is an  available  source  of
short-term  liquidity  for us.  During 2006, we borrowed and repaid $6.5 million
under this  line-of-credit and as of December 31, 2006, there were no borrowings
outstanding  under the line.  However,  during 2006, an aggregate of $523,000 of
irrevocable letters of credit, which expired on December 31, 2006, were provided
under this  line-of-credit.  As such, no outstanding amounts were due under this
facility as of December 31, 2005 and 2006.

11. Senior Secured Notes Payable

      On April 1,  1998,  we  consummated  a  private  placement  offering  (the
"Offering")  of $110.0  million in aggregate  principal  amount of 10.50% senior
secured  notes due April 1, 2008 (the  "Notes").  On June 27, 2005,  we used the
proceeds  from our junior  subordinated  debentures  to redeem $55.0  million in
aggregate  principal  amount of the Notes at a redemption  price of 101.75% plus
accrued and unpaid interest through June 26, 2005 of approximately $1.4 million.
Interest on the Notes is payable  semiannually  on April 1 and October 1 of each
year. The Notes became  redeemable at our option,  in whole or in part, in cash,
on April 1, 2003 and  annually  thereafter,  together  with  accrued  and unpaid
interest,  if any, to the date of redemption at the following redemption prices:
2003 -- 105.25%;  2004 -- 103.50%;  2005 -- 101.75% and 2006 and  thereafter  --
100.00%. As of December 31, 2005 and 2006, the Notes totaled $55.0 million.

      The  Notes are our  senior  obligations  and rank  pari  passu in right of
payment with all of our existing and future senior  indebtedness and rank senior
in right of payment to all of our existing and future subordinated  obligations.
None of the assets of Bluegreen  Corporation  secures its obligations  under the
Notes, and the Notes are effectively subordinated to our secured indebtedness to
any third party to the extent of assets serving as security  thereon.  The Notes
are  unconditionally   guaranteed,   jointly  and  severally,  by  each  of  our
subsidiaries  (the  "Subsidiary


                                                                              83
<PAGE>

Guarantors"),  with the  exception of the Joint  Venture,  Bluegreen  Properties
N.V.,  Resort Title Agency,  Inc., any special purpose finance  subsidiary,  any
subsidiary  which is formed and continues to operate for the limited  purpose of
holding  a real  estate  license  and  acting  as a broker,  and  certain  other
subsidiaries which have individually less than $50,000 of assets  (collectively,
"Non-Guarantor  Subsidiaries").  Each of the  note  guarantees  covers  the full
amount  of the  Notes  and  each of the  Subsidiary  Guarantors  is 100%  owned,
directly or indirectly,  by us. The Note  guarantees  are senior  obligations of
each  Subsidiary  Guarantor  and rank pari  passu in right of  payment  with all
existing and future senior  indebtedness of each such  Subsidiary  Guarantor and
senior in right of payment to all existing and future subordinated  indebtedness
of each such Subsidiary  Guarantor.  The Note  guarantees of certain  Subsidiary
Guarantors are secured by a first mortgage (subject to customary  exceptions) or
similar  instrument  (each,  a  "Mortgage")  on  certain  Bluegreen  Communities
properties of such Subsidiary Guarantors (the "Pledged Properties").  Absent the
occurrence  and the  continuance  of an event of default,  the Notes  trustee is
required to release its lien on the Pledged  Properties  as property is sold and
the  Trustee  does  not have a lien on the  proceeds  of any  such  sale.  As of
December 31, 2006, the Pledged Properties had an aggregate net carrying value of
approximately $932,000. The Notes' indenture includes certain negative covenants
including  restrictions  on the  incurrence of debt and liens and on payments of
cash dividends.

      Supplemental financial information for Bluegreen Corporation, our combined
Non-Guarantor  Subsidiaries and our combined Subsidiary  Guarantors is presented
below.


                                                                              84
<PAGE>

                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         December 31, 2005
                                                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                             Combined       Combined
                                                            Bluegreen     Non-Guarantor    Subsidiary
                                                           Corporation     Subsidiaries    Guarantors    Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                           -----------     ------------    ----------    ------------   ------------
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents .............................     $   55,708      $   15,443     $   13,553     $       --     $   84,704
Contracts receivable, net .............................             --           1,801         25,672             --         27,473
Intercompany receivable ...............................         92,641              --             --        (92,641)            --
Notes receivable, net .................................             --          48,294         79,489             --        127,783
Inventory, net ........................................             --          17,857        223,112             --        240,969
Retained interests in notes receivable sold ...........             --         105,696             --             --        105,696
Property and equipment, net ...........................         14,569           1,330         63,735             --         79,634
Investments in subsidiaries ...........................        265,023              --          3,230       (268,253)            --
Other assets ..........................................          4,028           4,666         19,290             --         27,984
                                                            ----------      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
       Total assets ...................................     $  431,969      $  195,087     $  428,081     $ (360,894)    $  694,243
                                                            ==========      ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities:
 Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other ......    $   20,214      $   15,077     $   48,935     $       --     $   84,226
 Intercompany payable .................................            --           4,563         88,078        (92,641)            --
 Deferred income taxes ................................       (21,798)         41,824         55,378             --         75,404
 Lines-of-credit and notes payable ....................         5,607          27,064         64,488             --         97,159
 10.50% senior secured notes payable ..................        55,000              --             --             --         55,000
 Junior subordinated debentures .......................        59,280              --             --             --         59,280
                                                           ----------      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
    Total liabilities .................................       118,303          88,528        256,879        (92,641)       371,069
 Minority interest ....................................            --              --             --          9,508          9,508
 Total shareholders' equity ...........................       313,666         106,559        171,202       (277,761)       313,666
                                                           ----------      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------

    Total liabilities and shareholders' equity ........    $  431,969      $  195,087     $  428,081     $ (360,894)    $  694,243
                                                           ==========      ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========
</TABLE>


                                                                              85
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      December 31, 2006
                                                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                            Combined       Combined
                                                            Bluegreen     Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                           Corporation    Subsidiaries    Guarantors     Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                           -----------    ------------    ----------     ------------   ------------
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents .............................     $   36,316      $   17,002     $   17,830     $       --     $   71,148
Contracts receivable, net .............................             --           1,222         22,634             --         23,856
Intercompany receivable ...............................        159,488              --             --       (159,488)            --
Notes receivable, net .................................             --          57,845         86,406             --        144,251
Inventory, net ........................................             --          17,967        331,366             --        349,333
Retained interests in notes receivable sold ...........             --         130,623             --             --        130,623
Property and equipment, net ...........................         16,110             933         75,402             --         92,445
Investments in subsidiaries ...........................        296,593              --          3,230       (299,823)            --
Other assets ..........................................          7,860           4,582         30,114             --         42,556
                                                            ----------      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
       Total assets ...................................     $  516,367      $  230,174     $  566,982     $ (459,311)    $  854,212
                                                            ==========      ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities:
 Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other ......     $   33,303      $   20,717     $   54,173     $       --     $  108,193
 Intercompany payable .................................             --           2,458        157,030       (159,488)            --
 Deferred income taxes ................................        (19,813)         47,864         59,573             --         87,624
 Lines-of-credit and notes payable ....................          4,646          18,914        121,902             --        145,462
 10.50% senior secured notes payable ..................         55,000              --             --             --         55,000
 Junior subordinated debentures .......................         90,208              --             --             --         90,208
                                                            ----------      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
    Total liabilities .................................        163,344          89,953        392,678       (159,488)       486,487
 Minority interest ....................................             --              --             --         14,702         14,702
 Total shareholders' equity ...........................        353,023         140,221        174,304       (314,525)       353,023
                                                            ----------      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------

    Total liabilities and shareholders' equity ........     $  516,367      $  230,174     $  566,982     $ (459,311)    $  854,212
                                                            ==========      ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========
</TABLE>


                                                                              86
<PAGE>

                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Year Ended December 31, 2004
                                                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                            Combined       Combined
                                                            Bluegreen     Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                           Corporation    Subsidiaries    Guarantors     Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                           -----------    ------------    ----------     ------------   ------------
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
REVENUES
 Sales of real estate .................................     $       --     $   48,572     $  453,836      $       --     $  502,408
 Other resort and communities operations
  revenue .............................................             --          6,740         59,669              --         66,409
 Management fees ......................................         53,664             --             --         (53,664)            --
 Equity income from subsidiaries ......................         39,598             --             --         (39,598)            --
 Interest income ......................................            339         23,346         12,254              --         35,939
 Gain on sales of notes receivable ....................             --         25,972             --              --         25,972
                                                            ----------     ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------
                                                                93,601        104,630        525,759         (93,262)       630,728
COSTS AND EXPENSES
 Cost of real estate sales ............................             --         13,702        166,026              --        179,728
 Cost of other resort and communities operations ......             --          4,574         66,211              --         70,785
 Management fees ......................................             --          1,088         52,576         (53,664)            --
 Selling, general and administrative expenses .........         40,615         22,814        198,995              --        262,424
 Interest expense .....................................          8,452          4,994          4,979              --         18,425
 Provision for loan losses ............................             --         18,474          5,960              --         24,434
 Other expense ........................................            121          1,068            477              --          1,666
                                                            ----------     ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------
                                                                49,188         66,714        495,224         (53,664)       557,462
                                                            ----------     ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------
 Income before minority interest and provision
  for income taxes ....................................         44,413         37,916         30,535         (39,598)        73,226
 Minority interest in income of consolidated
  subsidiary ..........................................             --             --             --           4,065          4,065
                                                            ----------     ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------
 Income before provision for income taxes .............         44,413         37,916         30,535         (43,663)        69,201
 Provision for income taxes ...........................          1,854         13,032         11,756              --         26,642
                                                            ----------     ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------
 Net income ...........................................     $   42,559     $   24,884     $   18,779      $  (43,663)    $   42,559
                                                            ==========     ==========     ==========      ==========     ==========
</TABLE>


                                                                              87
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Year Ended December 31, 2005
                                                          --------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                            Combined       Combined
                                                           Bluegreen      Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                          Corporation     Subsidiaries    Guarantors     Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                          -----------     ------------    ----------     ------------   ------------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
REVENUES
 Sales of real estate ................................     $       --      $   55,007     $  495,328      $       --     $  550,335
 Other resort and communities operations
  revenue ............................................             --          13,236         60,561              --         73,797
 Management fees .....................................         58,360              --             --         (58,360)            --
 Equity income from subsidiaries .....................         52,045              --             --         (52,045)            --
 Interest income .....................................          1,379          17,294         16,125              --         34,798
 Gain on sales of notes receivable ...................             --          25,226             --              --         25,226
                                                           ----------      ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------

                                                              111,784         110,763        572,014        (110,405)       684,156
COSTS AND EXPENSES
 Cost of real estate sales ...........................             --          15,955        161,845              --        177,800
 Cost of other resort and communities
  operations .........................................             --           5,056         72,261              --         77,317
 Management fees .....................................             --           1,158         57,202         (58,360)            --
 Selling, general and administrative expenses ........         61,934          27,297        211,008              --        300,239
 Interest expense ....................................          4,446           2,875          7,153              --         14,474
 Provision for loan losses ...........................             --           1,416         26,171              --         27,587
 Other expense .......................................          1,967           3,117          1,123              --          6,207
                                                           ----------      ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------

                                                               68,347          56,874        536,763         (58,360)       603,624
                                                           ----------      ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------
 Income before minority interest and provision
  for income taxes ...................................         43,437          53,889         35,251         (52,045)        80,532
 Minority interest in income of consolidated
  subsidiary .........................................             --              --             --           4,839          4,839
                                                           ----------      ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------
 Income before provision for income taxes ............         43,437          53,889         35,251         (56,884)        75,693
 (Benefit) provision for income taxes ................         (3,114)         19,502         12,754              --         29,142
                                                           ----------      ----------     ----------      ----------     ----------

 Net income (loss) ...................................     $   46,551      $   34,387     $   22,497      $  (56,884)    $   46,551
                                                           ==========      ==========     ==========      ==========     ==========
</TABLE>


                                                                              88
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Year Ended December 31, 2006
                                                         ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                          Combined       Combined
                                                          Bluegreen    Non-Guarantor    Subsidiary
                                                         Corporation   Subsidiaries     Guarantors      Eliminations    Consolidated
                                                         -----------   ------------     ----------      ------------    ------------
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
REVENUES
 Sales of real estate ...............................     $       --     $   58,568      $  504,578      $       --      $  563,146
 Other resort and communities operations
   revenue ..........................................             --         14,198          49,412              --          63,610
 Management fees ....................................         57,667             --              --         (57,667)             --
 Equity income from subsidiaries ....................         26,572             --              --         (26,572)             --
 Interest income ....................................          1,768         24,753          14,244              --          40,765
 Gain on sales of notes receivable ..................             --          5,852              --              --           5,852
                                                          ----------     ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
                                                              86,007        103,371         568,234         (84,239)        673,373
COSTS AND EXPENSES
 Cost of real estate sales ..........................             --         16,134         162,920              --         179,054
 Cost of other resort and communities
   operations .......................................             --          4,913          48,280              --          53,193
 Management fees ....................................             --            844          56,823         (57,667)             --
 Selling, general and administrative expenses .......         48,158         29,953         278,878              --         356,989
 Interest expense ...................................          4,853          4,106           9,826              --          18,785
 Other expense ......................................          1,194          1,193             474              --           2,861
                                                          ----------     ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
                                                              54,205         57,143         557,201         (57,667)        610,882
                                                          ----------     ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
 Income before minority interest and provision
   for income taxes .................................         31,802         46,228          11,033         (26,572)         62,491
 Minority interest in income of consolidated
   subsidiary .......................................             --             --              --           7,319           7,319
                                                          ----------     ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
 Income before provision for income
   taxes ............................................         31,802         46,228          11,033         (33,891)         55,172
 Provision for income taxes .........................          1,985         14,681           4,195              --          20,861
                                                          ----------     ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
 Income before cumulative effect of change in
   accounting principle .............................         29,817         31,547           6,838         (33,891)         34,311
 Cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle, net of tax ............................             --         (1,942)         (3,736)             --          (5,678)
 Minority interest in income of cumulative
   effect  of change in accounting principle ........             --             --              --           1,184           1,184
                                                          ----------     ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
 Net income .........................................     $   29,817     $   29,605      $    3,102      $  (32,707)     $   29,817
                                                          ==========     ==========      ==========      ==========      ==========
</TABLE>


                                                                              89
<PAGE>

                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Year Ended December 31, 2004
                                                                         -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                          Combined        Combined
                                                                          Bluegreen     Non-Guarantor    Subsidiary
                                                                         Corporation    Subsidiaries     Guarantors     Consolidated
                                                                         -----------    ------------     ----------     ------------
<S>                                                                      <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Operating activities:
  Net cash provided by operating activities ........................     $   41,212      $    6,366      $   44,178      $   91,756
                                                                         ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Investing activities:
  Cash received from retained interests in notes receivable
    sold ...........................................................             --           8,688              --           8,688
  Business acquisition .............................................             --              --            (825)           (825)
  Purchases of property and equipment ..............................         (5,380)           (643)        (12,386)        (18,409)
  Proceeds from sales of property and equipment ....................             --              --               8               8
                                                                         ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net cash (used) provided by investing activities ...................         (5,380)          8,045         (13,203)        (10,538)
                                                                         ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Financing activities:
  Proceeds from borrowings under line-of-credit facilities and
    notes payable ..................................................             --           3,179          57,478          60,657
  Payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes payable .......         (1,769)         (8,525)        (90,185)       (100,479)
  Payment of 8.25% subordinated convertible debentures .............           (273)             --              --            (273)
  Payment of debt issuance costs ...................................             --          (3,920)         (1,811)         (5,731)
  Proceeds from exercise of employee and director stock
    options ........................................................          6,594              --              --           6,594
                                                                         ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ...................          4,552          (9,266)        (34,518)        (39,232)
                                                                         ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ...............         40,384           5,145          (3,543)         41,986
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year .....................         29,872          13,648          15,059          58,579
                                                                         ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ...........................         70,256          18,793          11,516         100,565
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year ................           (173)         (9,509)        (11,741)        (21,423)
                                                                         ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year ..............     $   70,083      $    9,284      $     (225)     $   79,142
                                                                         ==========      ==========      ==========      ==========
</TABLE>


                                                                              90
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year Ended December 31, 2005
                                                                       -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        Combined       Combined
                                                                        Bluegreen     Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                                       Corporation    Subsidiaries    Guarantors      Consolidated
                                                                       -----------    ------------    ----------      ------------
<S>                                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Operating activities:
Net cash (used) provided by operating activities .................     $  (10,409)     $  (13,000)     $   78,992      $   55,583
                                                                       ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Investing activities:
   Cash received from retained interests in notes receivable
      sold .......................................................             --          11,016              --          11,016
   Investment in statutory business trust ........................         (1,780)             --              --          (1,780)
   Installment payments on business acquisition ..................             --              --            (675)           (675)
   Purchases of property and equipment ...........................         (5,112)           (216)        (11,396)        (16,724)
   Proceeds from sales of property and equipment .................             --              --              22              22
                                                                       ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net cash (used) provided by investing activities .................         (6,892)         10,800         (12,049)         (8,141)
                                                                       ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Financing activities:
   Proceeds from borrowings under line-of-credit facilities and
      notes payable ..............................................             --              --          26,382          26,382
   Payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes payable ....         (1,071)         (1,113)        (89,887)        (92,071)
   Payments on 10.50% senior secured notes payable ...............        (55,000)             --              --         (55,000)
   Proceeds from issuance of junior subordinated debentures ......         59,280              --              --          59,280
   Payment of debt issuance costs ................................         (1,862)            (37)         (1,401)         (3,300)
   Proceeds from exercise of employee and director stock
      options ....................................................          1,406              --              --           1,406
                                                                       ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net cash provided (used) by financing activities .................          2,753          (1,150)        (64,906)        (63,303)
                                                                       ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents .............        (14,548)         (3,350)          2,037         (15,861)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period .................         70,256          18,793          11,516         100,565
                                                                       ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period .......................         55,708          15,443          13,553          84,704
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ............           (173)         (6,709)        (11,439)        (18,321)
                                                                       ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ..........     $   55,535      $    8,734      $    2,114      $   66,383
                                                                       ==========      ==========      ==========      ==========
</TABLE>


                                                                              91
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Year Ended December 31, 2006
                                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    Combined        Combined
                                                                   Bluegreen     Non-Guarantor     Subsidiary
                                                                  Corporation     Subsidiaries     Guarantors     Consolidated
                                                                  -----------     ------------     ----------     ------------
<S>                                                                <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Operating activities:
Net cash (used) provided by operating activities .............     $  (41,538)     $  (25,961)     $   59,204      $   (8,295)
                                                                   ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Investing activities:
  Cash received from retained interests in notes receivable
    sold .....................................................             --          30,032              --          30,032
  Investments in statutory business trusts ...................           (928)             --              --            (928)
  Purchases of property and equipment ........................         (7,181)            (68)        (17,488)        (24,736)
  Proceeds from sales of property and equipment ..............             --              --              93              93
                                                                   ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net cash (used) provided by investing activities .............         (8,109)         29,964         (17,395)          4,461
                                                                   ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Financing activities:
  Proceeds from borrowings under line-of-credit facilities
     and notes payable .......................................          6,500              --          50,170          56,670
    Payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes payable         (7,824)           (193)        (86,569)        (94,586)
  Proceeds from issuance of junior subordinated debentures ...         30,928              --              --          30,928
  Payment of debt issuance costs .............................         (1,054)         (2,251)         (1,133)         (4,438)
  Proceeds from exercise of employee and director stock
    options ..................................................          2,645              --              --           2,645
  Distributions to minority interest .........................           (941)             --              --            (941)
                                                                   ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net cash provided (used) by financing activities .............         30,254          (2,444)        (37,532)         (9,722)
                                                                   ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents .........        (19,392)          1,559           4,277         (13,556)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period .............         55,708          15,443          13,553          84,704
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period ...................         36,316          17,002          17,830          71,148
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ........           (173)         (8,478)        (12,825)        (21,476)
                                                                   ----------      ----------      ----------      ----------
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ......     $   36,143      $    8,524      $    5,005      $   49,672
                                                                   ==========      ==========      ==========      ==========
</TABLE>


                                                                              92
<PAGE>

12. Junior Subordinated Debentures

Trust Preferred Securities Offerings

      We have formed statutory business trusts (collectively,  the "Trusts") and
each issued trust preferred  securities and invested the proceeds thereof in our
junior  subordinated  debentures.  The Trusts are variable  interest entities in
which we are not the primary beneficiary as defined by FIN No. 46R. Accordingly,
we do not  consolidate  the  operations of the Trusts;  instead,  the Trusts are
accounted  for  under  the  equity  method  of  accounting.  In  each  of  these
transactions,  the applicable Trust issued trust preferred securities is part of
a larger pooled trust  securities  offering which was not  registered  under the
Securities Act of 1933. The applicable Trust then used the proceeds from issuing
the  trust  preferred  securities  to  purchase  an  identical  amount of junior
subordinated  debentures from us. Interest on the junior subordinated debentures
and  distributions  on the trust preferred  securities are payable  quarterly in
arrears  at  the  same  interest  rate.  Distributions  on the  trust  preferred
securities  are  cumulative  and based upon the  liquidation  value of the trust
preferred  security.  The trust  preferred  securities  are subject to mandatory
redemption,  in whole or in part,  upon  repayment  of the  junior  subordinated
debentures  at maturity or their  earlier  redemption.  The junior  subordinated
debentures  are  redeemable in whole or in part at the  Company's  option at any
time after five years from the issue date or sooner following  certain specified
events.  In addition,  we made an initial equity  contribution  to each Trust in
exchange  for its  common  securities,  all of which are owned by us,  and those
proceeds were also used to purchase an identical  amount of junior  subordinated
debentures  from us.  The terms of each  Trust's  common  securities  are nearly
identical to the trust preferred securities.

      We  had  the  following  junior  subordinated  debentures  outstanding  at
December 31, 2006 (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             Outstanding
                               Amount of                             Fixed                        Beginning
                                Junior        Initial               Interest        Variable      Optional
                             Subordinated     Equity       Issue      Rate       Interest Rate   Redemption       Maturity
          Trust               Debentures     To Trust       Date       (1)            (2)            Date           Date
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>             <C>  <C>       <C>  <C>
Bluegreen Statutory                                                                 3-month
Trust I                        $ 23,196       $   696      3/15/05      9.160%       LIBOR          3/30/10        3/30/35
                                                                                    + 4.90%
Bluegreen Statutory                                                                 3-month
Trust II                         25,774           774      5/04/05      9.158%       LIBOR          7/30/10        7/30/35
                                                                                    + 4.85%
Bluegreen Statutory                                                                 3-month
Trust III                        10,310           310      5/10/05      9.193%       LIBOR          7/30/10        7/30/35
                                                                                    + 4.85%
Bluegreen Statutory                                                                 3-month
Trust IV                         15,464           464      4/24/06     10.130%       LIBOR          6/30/11        6/30/36
                                                                                    + 4.85%
Bluegreen Statutory                                                                 3-month
Trust V                          15,464           464      7/21/06     10.280%       LIBOR          9/30/11        9/30/36
                                                                                    + 4.85%
                               ----------------------
                               $ 90,208       $ 2,708
                               ======================
</TABLE>

(2)   Both the trust  preferred  securities and junior  subordinated  debentures
      bear  interest at a fixed  interest  rate from the issue date  through the
      beginning optional redemption date.

(3)   Both the trust  preferred  securities and junior  subordinated  debentures
      bear  interest at a variable  interest  rate from the  beginning  optional
      redemption date through the maturity date.

See  Note 20 for a  discussion  on the  issuance  of  $20.6  million  of  junior
subordinated debentures that was completed in February 2007.

13. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

      In estimating  the fair values of our financial  instruments,  we used the
following methods and assumptions:

      Cash  and cash  equivalents:  The  amounts  reported  in our  consolidated
balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value.


                                                                              93
<PAGE>

      Contracts  receivable:  The amounts reported in our  consolidated  balance
sheets for contracts receivable approximate fair value. Contracts receivable are
non-interest  bearing and  generally  convert  into cash or an  interest-bearing
mortgage note receivable within thirty days.

      Notes receivable:  The amounts reported in our consolidated balance sheets
for notes  receivable  approximate  fair value based on  discounted  future cash
flows using current rates at which similar loans with similar  maturities  would
be made to borrowers with similar credit risk.

      Retained  interests in notes receivable sold:  Retained interests in notes
receivable  sold are  carried  at fair  value  based  on  discounted  cash  flow
analyses.

      Lines-of-credit, notes payable, receivable-backed notes payable and junior
subordinated debentures: The amounts reported in our consolidated balance sheets
approximate  their  fair  value for  indebtedness  that  provides  for  variable
interest  rates.  The fair value of our  fixed-rate  indebtedness  was estimated
using discounted cash flow analyses,  based on our current incremental borrowing
rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.

      10.50% senior  secured notes payable and junior  subordinated  debentures:
The fair values of our senior  secured  notes  payable  and junior  subordinated
debentures  were based on the discounted  value of  contractual  cash flows at a
market  discount  rate or market  price  quotes from the  over-the-counter  bond
market.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            December 31, 2005         December 31, 2006
                                                                         ----------------------    ----------------------
                                                                         Carrying    Estimated     Carrying    Estimated
                                                                          Amount     Fair Value     Amount     Fair Value
                                                                         --------    ----------    --------    ----------
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
            Cash and cash equivalents ..............................     $ 84,704     $ 84,704     $ 71,148     $ 71,148
            Contracts receivable, net ..............................       27,473       27,473       23,856       23,856
            Notes receivable, net ..................................      127,783      127,783      144,251      144,251
            Retained interests in notes receivable sold ............      105,696      105,696      130,623      130,623
            Lines-of-credit, notes payable, and receivable-
             backed notes payable ..................................       97,159       97,159      145,462      145,462
            10.50% senior secured notes payable ....................       55,000       55,000       55,000       55,275
            Junior subordinated debentures .........................       59,280       57,309       90,208       82,141
</TABLE>

14. Common Stock and Stock Option Plans

Shareholders' Rights Plan

      On July 27,  2006,  the Board of  Directors  declared  a  dividend  of one
preferred  share  purchase  right for each  outstanding  share of the  Company's
common  stock.  The Board of  Directors  authorized  the  adoption of the Rights
Agreement to protect  shareholders  from coercive or otherwise  unfair  takeover
tactics.  In general  terms,  the Rights impose a  significant  penalty upon any
person  or  group  which  acquires  beneficial  ownership  of 15% or more of the
Company's  outstanding  common stock without the prior  approval of the Board of
Directors. The Company, its subsidiaries,  employee benefit plans of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries,  and any entity holding common stock for or pursuant
to the terms of any such employee benefit plan will be accepted,  as will Levitt
Corporation, its affiliates, successors and assigns.

      On October 16, 2006, in connection  with the settlement of litigation then
pending  before the United States  District  Court for the Southern  District of
Florida  between the Company,  as  plaintiff,  David A. Siegel,  David A. Siegel
Revocable   Trust,  and  Central  Florida   Investments,   Inc.,  as  defendants
(collectively, the "Siegel Shareholders"),  and the directors of the Company, as
counter-defendants,  the Rights  Agreement was amended pursuant to a Stipulation
and  Order  (the  "Stipulation")  to  extend  the  period  in which  the  Siegel
Shareholders  may divest their shares of the Company's common stock to avoid the
impact of the Rights  Agreement.  Pursuant to the terms of the Stipulation,  the
Siegel  Shareholders  are required to divest their ownership of 5,383,554 shares
of the Company's  common stock within one year, and to divest their ownership of
their remaining shares of the Company's common stock within two years.  However,
if  the  Siegel  Shareholders  breach  any  provision  of the  Stipulation,  the
Company's Board of Directors may terminate the period for divestiture.


                                                                              94
<PAGE>

Stock Option Plans

      Under our employee stock option plans, options can be granted with various
vesting  periods.  All options  granted to employees on or prior to December 31,
2002 vest ratably over a five-year period from the date of grant (20% per year).
Options  granted to employees  subsequent  to December 31, 2002 vest 100% on the
five-year  anniversary of the date of grant. Our options are granted at exercise
prices that either  equal or exceed the quoted  market price of our common stock
at the respective  dates of grant.  All of our options expire ten years from the
date of grant.

      All options granted to non-employee directors (the "Outside Directors") on
or prior to December  31, 2002 vested  ratably  over a  three-year  period while
options granted after December 31, 2002 vest either immediately upon grant or on
the  five-year  anniversary  of the date of grant.  All Outside  Director  stock
options were  nonqualified and expire ten years from the date of grant,  subject
to alternative expiration dates under certain circumstances. Due to a "change in
control"  provision  in the Outside  Directors'  stock  option  agreements,  all
outstanding  Outside Directors  options as of April 10, 2002 immediately  vested
when  Levitt  Corporation  ("Levitt")  (NYSE:  LEV)  acquired  an  aggregate  of
approximately  8.0 million shares of our  outstanding  common stock from certain
real estate  funds  associated  with Morgan  Stanley Dean Witter and Company and
Grace Brothers, Ltd. in private transactions. As a result of these purchases and
the December 2003 transfer of BankAtlantic Bancorp, Inc.'s ownership interest in
our common stock to Levitt in connection with its spin-off,  Levitt beneficially
owned approximately 31% of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2006.

      We  granted   668,000  and  440,000   stock  options  in  2005  and  2006,
respectively, to our employees from our 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. Additionally,
we granted 141,346 and 142,785 stock options in 2005 and 2006, respectively,  to
certain Outside  Directors from our 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (See Note 1 of the
Notes to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for further  discussion  of stock
options granted).

      A summary  of our stock  option  activity  related to all of our prior and
current stock option plans is presented  below (in  thousands,  except per share
data).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Number                         Weighted
                                                          of                            Average      Number of
                                                        Shares      Outstanding     Exercise Price     Shares
                                                       Reserved       Options          Per Share     Exercisable
                                                       --------       -------          ---------     -----------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>               <C>              <C>
Balance at January 1, 2005 ....................         2,426          1,645             $ 5.30           845
 Approval of 2005 Stock Incentive Plan ........         2,000             --                 --
 Cancellation of 1995 Stock Incentive Plan ....          (781)            --                 --
 Granted ......................................            --            809             $18.30
 Forfeited ....................................          (168)          (168)            $ 4.23
 Exercised ....................................          (276)          (276)            $ 5.06
                                                       ------        -------
Balance at December 31, 2005 ..................         3,201          2,010             $10.65           665
 Granted ......................................            --            582             $12.02
 Forfeited ....................................           (86)          (216)            $11.20
 Exercised ....................................          (312)          (312)            $ 8.48
                                                       ------        -------
Balance at December 31, 2006 ..................         2,803          2,064             $11.31           481
                                                       ======        ======
</TABLE>

----------

      The weighted average  exercise price of shares  exercisable as of December
31, 2006 was $9.65 and the weighted average remaining  contractual term of these
shares  was 6.2  years.  The  aggregate  intrinsic  value of our  stock  options
outstanding and exercisable was $3.1 million and $1.5 million,  respectively, as
of December 31, 2006. The total intrinsic  value of our stock options  exercised
during the years ended December 31, 2004, 2005, and 2006 was $0.9 million,  $2.9
million and $1.4 million, respectively. The weighted-average exercise prices and
weighted-average remaining contractual lives of our outstanding stock options at
December 31, 2006 (grouped by range of exercise prices) were:


                                                                              95
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Weighted-
                                                                                Average                             Weighted-
                                                                               Remaining          Weighted-          Average
                                             Number         Number of         Contractual          Average       Exercise Price
                                           of Options     Vested Options          Term          Exercise Price    (Vested Only)
                                           ----------     --------------          ----          --------------    -------------
                                           (In 000's)       (In 000's)         (In years)
<S>                                            <C>               <C>              <C>                <C>             <C>
           $2.11-$3.48 ............            542               137              5.8                $ 3.42          $ 3.15
           $3.50-$11.43 ...........            303               203              5.4                $ 7.45          $ 8.18
           $12.07 .................            490                 -              9.6                $12.07              --
           $16.03-$17.44 ..........             41                41              8.6                $17.27          $17.27
           $18.36 .................            688               100              8.6                $18.36          $18.36
                                           -------           -------
                                             2,064               481              7.6
                                           =======           =======
</TABLE>

Common Stock Reserved For Future Issuance

      As of December 31, 2006,  common  stock  reserved for future  issuance was
comprised of shares issuable (in thousands):

                  Upon exercise of stock options under our
                  employee stock option plan (1) ...................      2,608
                  Upon exercise of outside director stock options
                  under our director stock option plan .............         65
                                                                          -----
                                                                          2,673
                                                                          =====

(1)   Stock options were granted to Outside  Directors  under our Employee Stock
      Option Plan during 2005 and 2006.

15. Commitments and Contingencies

      At December 31, 2006, the estimated cost to complete  development  work in
subdivisions  or resorts  from which  homesites  or VOIs have been sold  totaled
$95.2 million.  Development  is estimated to be completed  within the next three
years and thereafter as follows:  2007 -- $52.0  million,  2008 - $28.9 million,
2009 and beyond - $14.3 million.

      In 2006 we entered into a separation  agreement with our former CEO George
Donovan. Under the terms of this agreement,  Mr. Donovan will be paid a total of
$3 million over a seven year period in exchange for his services to be available
on a when and if needed basis.  The Company  recorded an expense of $2.6 million
in 2006, which represents the present value of the seven year agreement.

      Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2005, and 2006 totaled
approximately $6.3 million, $8.5 million and $11.6 million, respectively.

      Lease commitments under these  noncancelable  operating leases for each of
the five years  subsequent to December 31, 2006,  and  thereafter are as follows
(in thousands):

                  2007 ......................................          $  9,469
                  2008 ......................................             8,223
                  2009 ......................................             6,416
                  2010 ......................................             5,591
                  2011 ......................................             3,511
                  Thereafter ................................             2,414
                                                                       --------
                    Total future minimum lease payments .....          $ 35,624
                                                                       ========

      During 2006 we had approximately $565,000 in outstanding commitments under
stand-by  letters  of  credit  with  banks,   primarily   related  to  obtaining
governmental  approval of plats for one our Bluegreen  Communities  projects, of
which $523,000 expired on December 31, 2006.

      In the ordinary  course of our  business,  we become  subject to claims or
proceedings  from time to time  relating to the purchase,  subdivision,  sale or
financing of real estate. Additionally, from time to time, we become involved in


                                                                              96
<PAGE>

disputes with existing and former employees.  Unless otherwise  described below,
we believe that these claims are routine litigation incidental to our business.

      On August 21, 2000, we received a notice of Field Audit Action (the "First
Notice") from the State of Wisconsin  Department of Revenue (the "DOR") alleging
that two corporations  purchased by us had failed to collect and remit sales and
use taxes totaling $1.9 million to the State of Wisconsin  prior to the purchase
during the period from January 1, 1994 through  September  30, 1997.  On May 24,
2003,  we received a second  Notice of Field Audit Action (the "Second  Notice")
from DOR alleging  that the two  subsidiaries  failed to collect and remit sales
and use taxes to the State of  Wisconsin  during the  period  from April 1, 1998
through March 31, 2002 totaling $1.4 million. The majority of the assessment was
based on the  subsidiaries  not charging  sales tax to purchasers of VOIs at our
Christmas  Mountain  Village(TM)  resort  during the period from January 1, 1994
through December 31, 1999. The statute  requiring the assessment of sales tax on
sales of certain VOIs in Wisconsin  was repealed in December  1999.  We acquired
the  subsidiaries  that were the subject of the notices in  connection  with the
acquisition  of RDI Group,  Inc.  ("RDI") on September  30, 1997.  Under the RDI
purchase agreement, we had certain rights of offset for amounts owed the sellers
based on any breach of representations and warranties.

      On August 31, 2004, we settled the sales tax  assessments and all interest
and  penalties and  recognized  an expense of $1.5 million,  after the impact of
offsets from certain third parties,  from this settlement  during the year ended
December 31, 2004.

      In 2005, the State of Tennessee  Audit Division (the  "Division")  audited
our Resorts  Division for the period from December 1, 2001 through  December 31,
2004. On September  23, 2006,  the Division  issued a notice of  assessment  for
$656,605  of  accommodations  tax based on the use of  Bluegreen  Vacation  Club
accommodations by Bluegreen Vacation Club members who became members through the
purchase of non-Tennessee  property. We believe the attempt to impose such a tax
is contrary to Tennessee law, and we intend to vigorously oppose such assessment
by the Division. While the timeshare industry has been successful in challenging
the imposition of sales taxes on the use of  accommodations by timeshare owners,
there is no assurance  that the Company will be  successful  in  contesting  the
current assessment.

      Bluegreen  Southwest One, L.P.,  ("Southwest"),  a subsidiary of Bluegreen
Corporation,  is the developer of the Mountain Lakes  subdivision  in Texas.  In
Lesley,  et al v.  Bluegreen  Southwest  One,  L.P.  acting  through its General
Partner Bluegreen Southwest Land, Inc., et al, Cause No. 28006 District Court of
the 266th Judicial District, Erath County, Texas, plaintiffs filed a declaratory
action against  Southwest in which they seek to develop mineral interests in the
Mountain  Lakes  subdivision.  Plaintiffs'  claims  are based on  property  law,
contract and tort theories.  The property  owners  association has filed a cross
complaint against Bluegreen,  Southwest and individual directors of the property
owners  association  related  to the  mineral  rights  and  related  to  certain
amenities in the subdivision as described in the following paragraph.  The court
has confirmed the seniority of the mineral  interests of the  plaintiffs and has
held  that  restrictions   against  drilling  within  the  subdivision  are  not
enforceable. Bluegreen is evaluating whether to appeal the court's ruling and is
unable to predict the ultimate resolution of the litigation.

      One of the lakes that is an amenity in the Mountain Lakes  development has
not filled to the expected  level.  Owners of homesites  within the  subdivision
have asserted  claims  against  Bluegreen  regarding such failure as part of the
litigation  referenced  above.  Southwest  has  investigated  the  causes of the
failure of the lake to fill and currently  estimates that the cost of correcting
the condition will be  approximately  $3,000,000 and as such has been accrued as
of December 31, 2006.

      On October 16,  2006,  in  connection  with the  litigation  in the United
States  District  Court for the  Southern  District  of Florida  between  us, as
plaintiff,  the Siegel  Shareholders  , as  defendants , and our  directors,  as
counter-defendants  (the  "Litigation"),  the parties entered into a stipulation
(the  "Stipulation")  resolving the Litigation and releasing all related claims.
Among  other  items,  the  Stipulation  provides  that in the event  any  matter
recommended for shareholder approval by the Board of Directors and submitted for
a vote of our shareholders relates to a merger or a sale of all or substantially
all of our assets, the Siegel Shareholders shall have the right to require us to
purchase any of our common shares still then owned by the Siegel Shareholders at
$11.99 per share,  by delivery at least 10 business  days prior to the scheduled
vote on the  contemplated  transaction  of an  irrevocable  written notice to us
specifying  the number of shares to be sold.  Closing of the  acquisition of the
shares shall be subject to  consummation  of the proposed  transaction and shall
occur no later than 120 days following the consummation of the transaction.

      We filed  suit  against  the  general  contractor  with  regard to alleged
construction  defects  at our  Shore  Crest  Vacation  Villas  resort  in  South
Carolina.  Whether the matter is settled by litigation or by  negotiation  it is
possible that we may need to participate  financially in some way to correct the
construction  deficiencies.  We can not  predict  the  extent  of the  financial
obligation that we may incur.


                                                                              97
<PAGE>

16. Income Taxes

      Our provision for income taxes consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Year Ended     Year Ended     Year Ended
                                                                  December 31,   December 31,  December 31,
                                                                      2004          2005           2006
                                                                      ----          ----           ----
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>            <C>
            Federal:
              Current .......................................      $   6,378      $   9,418      $   7,397
              Deferred ......................................         16,967         15,600         11,913
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
                                                                      23,345         25,018         19,310
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
            State and other:
              Current .......................................          1,600          2,745            629
              Deferred ......................................          1,697          1,379            922
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
                                                                       3,297          4,124          1,551
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
                 Total ......................................      $  26,642      $  29,142      $  20,861
                                                                   =========      =========      =========
</TABLE>

      The reasons for the difference  between our provision for income taxes and
the amount that results from  applying the federal  statutory tax rate to income
before  provision  for income  taxes and  cumulative  effect are as follows  (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 December 31,   December 31,  December 31,
                                                                     2004          2005           2006
                                                                     ----          ----           ----
<S>                                                               <C>            <C>            <C>
            Income tax expense at statutory rate ............     $  23,345      $  25,018      $  19,310
            Effect of state taxes, net of federal tax
              benefit .......................................         3,297          4,124          1,551
                                                                  ---------      ---------      ---------
                                                                  $  26,642      $  29,142      $  20,861
                                                                  =========      =========      =========
</TABLE>

      Our  deferred  income  taxes  consist  of  the  following  components  (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                             2005               2006
                                                                                             ----               ----
<S>                                                                                        <C>                <C>
            Deferred federal and state tax liabilities (assets):
             Installment sales treatment of notes ................................         $ 150,146          $ 196,687
             Deferred federal and state loss carryforwards/AMT credits ...........           (89,035)          (120,609)
             Book over tax carrying value of retained interests in notes
               receivable sold ...................................................             9,526             15,565
             Book reserves for loan losses and inventory .........................            (7,613)            (7,758)
             Tax over book depreciation ..........................................             6,119              5,780
             Unrealized gains on retained interests in notes receivable
               sold (see Note 6) .................................................             5,368              7,742
             Deferral of VOI sales under SFAS No. 152 ............................                --             (7,181)
             Other ...............................................................               893             (2,602)
                                                                                           ---------          ---------
            Deferred income taxes ................................................         $  75,404          $  87,624
                                                                                           =========          =========

            Total deferred federal and state tax liabilities .....................         $ 174,055          $ 229,085
            Total deferred federal and state tax assets ..........................           (98,651)          (141,461)
                                                                                           ---------          ---------
            Deferred income taxes ................................................         $  75,404          $  87,624
                                                                                           =========          =========
</TABLE>

      We  have  available  federal  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  of $201
million,  which expire  beginning in 2021 through 2026, and alternative  minimum
tax credit carryforwards of $31 million,  which never expire.  Additionally,  we
have available state operating loss carryforwards of $443 million,  which expire
beginning  in 2008  through  2026 and  Florida  alternative  minimum  tax credit
carryforwards of $1.9 million,  which never expire. The income tax benefits from
our state operating loss carryforwards are net of a valuation  allowance of $2.8
million.

      IRS Code Section 382  addresses  limitations  on the use of net  operating
loss carry forwards following a change in ownership,  as defined in Section 382.
We do not believe that any such ownership  change  occurred  during 2006. If


                                                                              98
<PAGE>

our  interpretation  were  found to be  incorrect,  there  would be  significant
limitations  placed on these carry forwards which would result in an increase in
the Company's tax liability and a reduction of its net income.

17. Employee Retirement Savings Plan and Other Employee Matters

      Our  Employee  Retirement  Plan is an IRC code section  401(k)  Retirement
Savings Plan (the "Plan").  All employees at least 21 years of age with one year
of  employment  with us are eligible to  participate  in the Plan.  The Plan, as
amended, provides an annual discretionary matching contribution and a fixed-rate
matching  contribution  equal  to  50%  of  the  first  3%  of  a  participant's
contribution  with an annual limit of $1,000 per  participant.  During the years
ended  December  31, 2004,  2005,  and 2006,  we  recognized  expenses  totaling
approximately $554,000, $620,000 and $720,000, respectively,

      Our  employees  in Aruba,  which  comprise  approximately  1% of our total
workforce, are subject to the terms of a collective bargaining agreement.

18. Business Segments

      We have two reportable  business  segments.  Bluegreen  Resorts  develops,
markets and sells VOIs in our resorts,  primarily through the Bluegreen Vacation
Club,  and  provides  resort  management  services  to  resort  property  owners
associations.  Bluegreen Communities acquires large tracts of real estate, which
are  subdivided,  improved  (in  some  cases to  include  a golf  course  on the
property) and sold,  typically on a retail basis,  as homesites.  Our reportable
segments  are  business  units that offer  different  products.  The  reportable
segments are each managed  separately  because they sell distinct  products with
different development, marketing and selling methods.

      We evaluate  the  performance  and  allocate  resources  to each  business
segment based on its respective field operating  profit.  Field operating profit
is operating  profit prior to the  allocation  of corporate  overhead,  interest
income,  gain on  sales of notes  receivable  (prior  to  2006),  other  income,
provision  for loan losses  (prior to 2006),  interest  expense,  income  taxes,
minority  interest  and  cumulative  effect of change in  accounting  principle.
Inventory  is the only asset that we  evaluate  on a segment  basis -- all other
assets are only evaluated on a consolidated  basis.  The accounting  policies of
the  reportable  segments  are the same as those  described  in the  summary  of
significant  accounting  policies  in  Note  1  to  the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

      Required  disclosures  for  our  business  segments  are  as  follows  (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Bluegreen       Bluegreen
                                                                          Resorts       Communities       Totals
                                                                          -------       -----------       ------
<S>                                                                       <C>             <C>            <C>
As of and for the year ended December 31, 2004:
Sales of real estate ................................................     $310,608        $191,800       $502,408
Other resort and communities operations revenue .....................       59,007           7,402         66,409
Depreciation expense ................................................        5,138           1,788          6,926
Field operating profit ..............................................       50,876          37,722         88,598
Inventory ...........................................................      126,377          78,975        205,352

As of and for the year ended December 31, 2005:
Sales of real estate ................................................     $358,240        $192,095       $550,335
Other resort and communities operations revenue .....................       64,276           9,521         73,797
Depreciation expense ................................................        7,161           1,684          8,845
Field operating profit ..............................................       59,578          47,227        106,805
Inventory ...........................................................      173,338          67,631        240,969

As of and for the year ended December 31, 2006:
Sales of real estate ................................................     $399,105        $164,041       $563,146
Other resort and communities operations revenue .....................       51,688          11,922         63,610
Depreciation expense ................................................        8,322           1,641          9,963
Field operating profit ..............................................       53,937          35,824         89,761
Inventory ...........................................................      233,290         116,043        349,333
</TABLE>


                                                                              99
<PAGE>

Reconciliations to Consolidated Amounts

      Field  operating  profit for our  reportable  segments  reconciled  to our
consolidated  income before provision for income taxes and minority  interest is
as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                             ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                2004              2005              2006
                                                                                ----              ----              ----
<S>                                                                          <C>               <C>               <C>
         Field operating profit for reportable segments .............        $  88,598         $ 106,805         $  89,761
         Interest income ............................................           35,939            34,798            40,765
         Gain on sales of notes receivable ..........................           25,972            25,226             5,852
         Other expense, net .........................................           (1,666)           (6,207)           (2,861)
         Corporate general and administrative expenses ..............          (32,718)          (38,029)          (52,241)
         Interest expense ...........................................          (18,425)          (14,474)          (18,785)
         Provision for loan losses ..................................          (24,434)          (27,587)               --
                                                                             ---------         ---------         ---------
         Consolidated income before minority interest and
            provision for income taxes ..............................        $  73,266         $  80,532         $  62,491
                                                                             =========         =========         =========
</TABLE>

      Depreciation  expense  for  our  reportable  segments  reconciled  to  our
consolidated depreciation expense is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                             ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                2004              2005              2006
                                                                                ----              ----              ----
<S>                                                                          <C>               <C>               <C>
         Depreciation expense for reportable segments ...............        $   6,926         $   8,845         $   9,963
         Depreciation expense for corporate fixed assets ............            2,843             3,487             4,413
                                                                             ---------         ---------         ---------
         Consolidated depreciation expense ..........................        $   9,769         $  12,332         $  14,376
                                                                             =========         =========         =========
</TABLE>

    Assets for our reportable segments reconciled to our consolidated assets (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                             --------------------------
                                                                               2005              2006
                                                                               ----              ----
<S>                                                                          <C>               <C>
         Inventory for reportable segments ..........................        $240,969          $349,333
         Assets not allocated to reportable segments ................         453,274           504,879
                                                                             --------          --------
         Total assets ...............................................        $694,243          $854,212
                                                                             ========          ========
</TABLE>

Geographic Information

      Sales of real estate by geographic area are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                             ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                2004              2005              2006
                                                                                ----              ----              ----
<S>                                                                          <C>               <C>               <C>
         United States ..............................................        $ 491,948         $ 539,131         $ 554,904
         Aruba ......................................................           10,460            11,204             8,242
                                                                             ---------         ---------         ---------
         Consolidated totals ........................................        $ 502,408         $ 550,335         $ 563,146
                                                                             =========         =========         =========
</TABLE>

    Inventory by geographic area is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                             --------------------------
                                                                               2005              2006
                                                                               ----              ----
<S>                                                                          <C>               <C>
         United States ..............................................        $235,340          $344,817
         Aruba ......................................................           5,619             4,516
         Canada .....................................................              10                --
                                                                             --------          --------
         Consolidated totals ........................................        $240,969          $349,333
                                                                             ========          ========
</TABLE>


                                                                             100
<PAGE>

19. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

      A summary  of the  quarterly  financial  information  for the years  ended
December  31, 2005 and 2006 is  presented  below (in  thousands,  except for per
share information).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             Three Months Ended
                                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          March 31,      June 30,     September 30,    December 31,
                                                                             2005           2005          2005             2005
                                                                          ---------      --------     -------------    ------------
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>           <C>               <C>
      Sales of real estate ..........................................     $ 104,021      $ 159,328     $ 166,657         $ 120,329
      Gross profit ..................................................        71,134        108,219       113,718            79,464
      Net income ....................................................         6,400         14,910        18,332             6,910
      Net income per common share:
           Basic ....................................................     $    0.21      $    0.49     $    0.60         $    0.23
           Diluted ..................................................     $    0.20      $    0.48     $    0.59         $    0.22

<CAPTION>
                                                                                             Three Months Ended
                                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          March 31,      June 30,     September 30,    December 31,
                                                                             2006          2006            2006            2006
                                                                          ---------      --------     -------------    ------------
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>           <C>               <C>
       Sales of real estate .........................................     $ 121,760      $ 141,947     $ 172,549         $ 126,890
       Gross profit .................................................        76,538         92,925       125,822            88,807
       Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting
         principle ..................................................         4,031          6,580        21,907             1,793
       Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net
         of tax and minority interest ...............................        (4,494)            --            --                --
       Net income (loss) ............................................     $    (463)     $   6,580     $  21,907         $   1,793

       Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting
         principle per common share:
         Basic ......................................................     $    0.13      $    0.22     $    0.72         $    0.06
         Diluted ....................................................     $    0.13      $    0.21     $    0.71         $    0.06

       Net (loss) income per common share:
         Basic ......................................................     $   (0.02)     $    0.22     $    0.72         $    0.06
         Diluted ....................................................     $   (0.01)     $    0.21     $    0.71         $    0.06
</TABLE>

20. Subsequent Events

      In January 2007, we sold $22.3 million in vacation  ownership  receivables
under the 2006 GE Purchase Facility and received $20.1 million in cash proceeds.
In March 2007, we sold $16.0 million of vacation ownership receivables under the
same facility and received $14.4 million in cash proceeds.

      In February 2007, we acquired 350 acres near St. Simons  Island,  Georgia,
for $18.0  million  for a  property  to be called  Sanctuary  River  Club at St.
Andrews Sound.  The Company  borrowed  $12.6 million under the GMAC  Communities
Facility (see Note 10 for further information on the GMAC Communities  Facility)
in connection with the acquisition of this property.

      In February 2007, we formed a new statutory trust ("BST VI"), which issued
$20.0  million of trust  preferred  securities.  BST VI used the  proceeds  from
issuing the trust preferred securities to purchase an identical amount of junior
subordinated  debentures from us. Interest on the junior subordinated debentures
and distributions on the trust preferred securities will be payable quarterly in
arrears  at a fixed rate of 9.842%  through  April  2012,  and  thereafter  at a
floating rate of 4.80% over the 3-month LIBOR until the scheduled  maturity date
of April 30,  2037.  Distributions  on the trust  preferred  securities  will be
cumulative and based upon the liquidation value of the trust preferred security.
The trust preferred securities will be subject to mandatory redemption, in whole
or in part, upon repayment of the junior subordinated  debentures at maturity or
their earlier redemption.  The junior subordinated  debentures are redeemable at
any time  after  five  years  from the issue  date or sooner  following  certain
specified events. In addition, we contributed $619,000 to BST VI in exchange for
its common  securities,  all of which are owned by us, and those  proceeds  were
also used to purchase an identical amount of junior subordinated debentures from
us. The terms of BST VI's common  securities  are nearly  identical to the trust
preferred securities.


                                                                             101
<PAGE>

             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Bluegreen Corporation

We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets of  Bluegreen
Corporation  (the  Company)  as of December  31, 2005 and 2006,  and the related
consolidated statements of income,  shareholders' equity and cash flows for each
of three years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These financial statements
are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our  responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audits in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements,  assessing the accounting  principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all  material  respects,   the  consolidated  financial  position  of  Bluegreen
Corporation at December 31, 2005 and 2006, and the  consolidated  results of its
operations  and its cash flows for each of the three  years in the period  ended
December  31,  2006,  in  conformity  with U.S.  generally  accepted  accounting
principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the Company
adopted SFAS No. 123(R),  Share-Based Payment, applying the modified prospective
method at the beginning of 2006. As discussed in Note 2, in 2006 the Company has
also adopted SFAS No. 152, Accounting for Real Estate Time-Sharing Transactions.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight  Board (United  States),  the  effectiveness  of Bluegreen
Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006,
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations  of the Treadway  Commission  and our
report dated March 14, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


                                                    ERNST & YOUNG LLP
                                                    Certified Public Accountants

March 14, 2007
Miami, Florida


                                                                             102
<PAGE>

             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Bluegreen Corporation

We  have  audited   management's   assessment,   included  in  the  accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Bluegreen
Corporation (the Company)  maintained  effective internal control over financial
reporting  as of December 31, 2006,  based on criteria  established  in Internal
Control--Integrated   Framework   issued   by  the   Committee   of   Sponsoring
Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  (the  COSO  criteria).   Bluegreen
Corporation's  management is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal
control over financial  reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial  reporting.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on management's  assessment and an opinion on the  effectiveness  of the
company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted  our audit in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether  effective
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in all  material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting,  evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating  effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other  procedures as we considered  necessary in the  circumstances.  We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company's  internal control over financial  reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable  assurance  regarding the reliability of financial  reporting
and the preparation of financial  statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial  reporting  includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that, in reasonable  detail,  accurately and fairly
reflect the  transactions  and  dispositions  of the assets of the company;  (2)
provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use, or  disposition  of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent  limitations,  internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion,  management's  assessment that Bluegreen Corporation  maintained
effective internal control over financial  reporting as of December 31, 2006, is
fairly stated, in all material  respects,  based on the COSO criteria.  Also, in
our  opinion,  Bluegreen  Corporation  maintained,  in  all  material  respects,
effective  internal  control over  financial  reporting as of December 31, 2006,
based on the COSO criteria.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight Board (United States),  the consolidated balance sheets of
Bluegreen  Corporation  as of December 31, 2005 and  December 31, 2006,  and the
related consolidated  statements of income,  shareholders' equity and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period  ended  December 31, 2006 of Bluegreen
Corporation and our report dated March 14, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon.


                                                    Ernst & Young LLP
                                                    Certified Public Accountants

Miami, Florida
March 14, 2007


                                                                             103
<PAGE>

        Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting,  as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management,  including our Principal  Executive Officer and Principal  Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations  of the Treadway
Commission.  Based on our evaluation  under the framework in Internal  Control -
Integrated  Framework,  our management  concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2006.

Our  management's  assessment of the  effectiveness of our internal control over
financial  reporting  as of December  31, 2006 has been audited by Ernst & Young
LLP,  the  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  that  audited  our
financial  statements  included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as stated in
their report which immediately follows this report.


JOHN M. MALONEY, JR., President and Chief Executive Officer
ANTHONY M. PULEO, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer


                                                                             104
<PAGE>

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Management,  including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial  Officer,
does not  expect  that our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  internal
controls will prevent all errors and all improper conduct.  A control system, no
matter how well  conceived  and  operated,  can  provide  only  reasonable,  not
absolute,  assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further,
the design of a control  system must  reflect  the fact that there are  resource
constraints,  and the benefits of controls must be considered  relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide  absolute  assurance  that we have  detected all control
issues and instances of improper  conduct,  if any. These  inherent  limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making  can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,  controls
can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons,  by collusion of two
or more people, or by management override of the control.

Further,  the  design  of any  system  of  controls  also is based in part  upon
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving  its stated goals under all  potential
future conditions;  over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions,  or the degree of compliance  with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.  Because of the inherent  limitations in a  cost-effective  control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the  participation  of our management,  including
our Chief  Executive  Officer  and Chief  Financial  Officer,  we  conducted  an
evaluation  of  the  design  and  operation  of  our  "disclosure  controls  and
procedures",  as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the
Exchange  Act as of  December  31,  2006.  Based on this  evaluation,  our Chief
Executive  Officer and Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2006.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

None.

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management's  report and the Report of Independent  Registered Public Accounting
Firm on internal control over financial reporting are set forth in Part II, Item
8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report.

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certifications

Appearing as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report are the Certifications
of the Principal  Executive  Officer and the Principal  Financial  Officer.  The
Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. This Item of this Annual Report is the  information  concerning the
evaluation  referred to in the Section 302  Certifications  and this information
should be read in  conjunction  with the Section 302  Certifications  for a more
complete understanding of the topics presented.

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.

None.


                                                                             105
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Information with respect to our Directors required by Item 10 is incorporated by
reference to our Proxy  Statement for our 2007 Annual  Meeting of  Shareholders.
The  information  concerning  our  executive  officers  required  by  Item 10 is
contained in the discussion entitled "Executive Officers" in Item 1. Business of
Part I hereof.

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

The  information  required by Item 11 is  incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
           RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

The  information  required by Item 12 is  incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
           INDEPENDENCE.

The  information  required by Item 13 is  incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

The  information  required by Item 14 is  incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.


                                                                             106
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

(a)(1) and (a)(2) List of Financial Statements and Schedules.

1.    The following  list of our Financial  Statements and Notes thereto and the
      report of independent  registered public accounting firm relating thereto,
      are included in Item 8.

      Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2006.

      Consolidated  Statements of Income for the years ended  December 31, 2004,
      2005 and 2006.

      Consolidated  Statements  of  Shareholders'  Equity  for the  years  ended
      December 31, 2004, 2005 and 2006.

      Consolidated  Statements  of Cash Flows for the years ended  December  31,
      2004, 2005 and 2006.

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

2.    All  financial  statement  schedules  are  omitted  because  they  are not
      applicable, are not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of
      the schedules or the required information is presented in the Consolidated
      Financial Statements or related notes.

(a)(3) List of Exhibits.

The exhibits  which are filed with this Annual  Report on Form 10-K or which are
incorporated  herein by  reference  are set  forth in the  Exhibit  Index  which
appears  at  pages  110  through  118  hereof  and are  incorporated  herein  by
reference.

(b) Exhibits.

See (a)(3) above.

(c) Financial Statement Schedules.

All financial  statement  schedules are omitted because they are not applicable,
are not present in amounts  sufficient to require submission of the schedules or
the required  information is presented in the Consolidated  Financial Statements
or related notes.


                                                                             107
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                             BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                                                 (Registrant)


Date: March 15, 2007      By:/S/ JOHN M. MALONEY, JR.
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                  John M. Maloney, Jr.,
                                  President and Chief Executive Officer


Date: March 15, 2007      By:/S/ ANTHONY M. PULEO
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                  Anthony M. Puleo,
                                  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
                                  and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer)


Date: March 15, 2007      By:/S/ RAYMOND S. LOPEZ
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                  Raymond S. Lopez,
                                  Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
                                  (Principal Accounting Officer)


                                                                             108
<PAGE>

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities indicated on the 15th day of March, 2007.

         Signature                             Title
         ---------                             -----

/S/ JOHN M. MALONEY, JR           President, Chief Executive Officer
----------------------------
John  M. Maloney, Jr.

/S/ ANTHONY M. PULEO              Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
----------------------------      and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer)
Anthony M. Puleo

/S/ RAYMOND S. LOPEZ              Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
----------------------------      (Principal Accounting Officer)
Raymond S. Lopez

/S/ ALAN B. LEVAN                 Chairman of the Board of Directors
----------------------------
Alan B. Levan

/S/ JOHN E. ABDO                  Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
----------------------------
John E. Abdo

/S/ NORMAN H. BECKER              Director
----------------------------
Norman H. Becker

/S/ LAWRENCE CIRILLO              Director
----------------------------
Lawrence Cirillo

/S/ ROBERT F. DWORS               Director
----------------------------
Robert F. Dwors

/S/ SCOTT W. HOLLOWAY             Director
----------------------------
Scott W. Holloway

/S/ JOHN LAGUARDIA                Director
----------------------------
John Laguardia

/S/ MARK A. NERENHAUSEN           Director
----------------------------
Mark A. Nerenhausen

/S/ J. LARRY RUTHERFORD           Director
----------------------------
J. Larry Rutherford

/S/ ARNOLD SEVELL                 Director
----------------------------
Arnold Sevell


                                                                             109
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

Number                                  Description
------                                  -----------

3.1      -    Restated  Articles of  Organization,  as amended  (incorporated by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation to Annual Report on Form
              10-K for the year ended March 31, 1996).

3.2      -    Restated and amended  By-laws of the Registrant  (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Quarterly  Report on
              Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2005).

4.1      -    Bluegreen  Corporation  and Mellon  Investor  Services LLC, Rights
              Agreement  dated  July 27,  2006  (incorporated  by  reference  to
              exhibit of same  designation  to Current  Report on Form 8-K dated
              August 2, 2006).

4.2      -    Amendment to Rights Agreement  between  Bluegreen  Corporation and
              Mellon Investor Services LLC, dated October 16, 2006 (incorporated
              by reference  to exhibit 99.2 to Current  Report on Form 8-K dated
              October 18, 2006).

4.3      -    Stipulation  and Order  from the  United  States  District  Court,
              Southern District of Florida, Case No. 06-80718-CIV-Hurley/Seltzer
              between Bluegreen Corporation and David A. Siegel, David A. Siegel
              Revocable Trust, and Central Florida Investments  (incorporated by
              reference  to  exhibit  99.1 to  Current  Report on Form 8-K dated
              October 18, 2006).

4.4      -    Specimen of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit of same  designation to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
              year ended April 2, 2000).

4.7      -    Indenture  dated as of April 1, 1998 by and among the  Registrant,
              certain subsidiaries of the Registrant, and SunTrust Bank, Central
              Florida, National Association,  as trustee, for the 10 1/2% Senior
              Secured  Notes due 2008  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit of
              same  designation to Registration  Statement on Form S-4, File No.
              333-50717).

4.8      -    First  Supplemental  Indenture  dated as of March 15,  1999 by and
              among the Registrant,  certain subsidiaries of the Registrant, and
              SunTrust Bank, Central Florida, National Association,  as trustee,
              for the 10 1/2% Senior  Secured  Notes due 2008  (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation to Annual Report on Form
              10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 1999).

4.9      -    Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 31, 2000 by and
              among the Registrant,  certain subsidiaries of the Registrant, and
              SunTrust Bank, Central Florida, National Association,  as trustee,
              for the 10 1/2% Senior  Secured  Notes due 2008  (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation to Annual Report on Form
              10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

4.10     -    Third  Supplemental  Indenture dated as of October 31, 2001 by and
              among the Registrant,  certain subsidiaries of the Registrant, and
              SunTrust Bank, Central Florida, National Association,  as trustee,
              for the 10 1/2% Senior  Secured  Notes due 2008  (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation to Annual Report on Form
              10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

4.11     -    Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 31, 2001 to the
              Indenture Dated as of April 1, 1998 among the Registrant,  certain
              of its  subsidiaries  and SunTrust Bank  (formerly  SunTrust Bank,
              Central Florida, National Association), as Notes Trustee, relating
              to the Company's  $110 million  aggregate  principal  amount of 10
              1/2% Senior Secured Notes due 2008  (incorporated  by reference to
              exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
              December 30, 2001).

4.12     -    Fifth  Supplemental  Indenture  dated as of July  31,  2002 to the
              Indenture Dated as of April 1, 1998 among the Registrant,  certain
              of its  subsidiaries  and SunTrust Bank  (formerly  SunTrust Bank,
              Central Florida, National Association), as Notes Trustee, relating
              to the


                                                                             110
<PAGE>

              Company's  $110  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of 10 1/2%
              Senior  Secured  Notes  due 2008  (incorporated  by  reference  to
              exhibit of same designation to Transition Report on Form 10-KT for
              the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

4.13     -    Sixth  Supplemental  Indenture  dated as of April 30,  2003 to the
              Indenture Dated as of April 1, 1998 among the Registrant,  certain
              of its subsidiaries and the SunTrust Bank (formerly SunTrust Bank,
              Central Florida, National Association), as Notes Trustee, relating
              to the Company's  $110 million  aggregate  principal  amount of 10
              1/2% Senior Secured Notes due 2008  (incorporated  by reference to
              exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
              June 30, 2003).

4.14     -    Seventh  Supplemental  Indenture  dated as of February 29, 2004 to
              the  Indenture  Dated as of April 1, 1998  among  the  Registrant,
              certain of its subsidiaries  and SunTrust Bank (formerly  SunTrust
              Bank, Central Florida,  National  Association),  as Notes Trustee,
              relating to the Company's $110 million aggregate  principal amount
              of  10  1/2%  Senior  Secured  Notes  due  2008  (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Quarterly  Report on
              Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

4.15     -    Eigth  Supplemental  Indenture  dated as of March 31,  2006 to the
              Indenture Dated as of April 1, 1998 among the Registrant,  certain
              of its  subsidiaries  and SunTrust Bank  (formerly  SunTrust Bank,
              Central Florida, National Association), as Notes Trustee, relating
              to the Company's  $110 million  aggregate  principal  amount of 10
              1/2% Senior Secured Notes due 2008.

4.16     -    Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement dated April 1, 1998, by
              and among the Registrant  and the persons named therein,  relating
              to the 10 1/2%  Senior  Secured  Notes due 2008  (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit 10.123 to Registration Statement on Form S-4,
              File No. 333-50717).

10.1     -    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement among Bluegreen  Corporation,
              as  Depositor,   JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  National  Association  as
              Property  Trustee,  Chase  Bank  USA,  National  Association,   as
              Delaware Trustee and the  Administrative  Trustees Named Herein as
              Administrative  Trustees dated as of March 15, 2005  (incorporated
              by reference to exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on
              Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2005).

10.2     -    Junior  Subordinated  Indenture between Bluegreen  Corporation and
              JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,  as Trustee dated as of
              March 15,  2005  (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit of same
              designation  to  Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q  dated  March 31,
              2005).

10.3     -    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement among Bluegreen  Corporation,
              as  Depositor,  Wilmington  Trust  Company,  as Property  Trustee,
              Wilmington   Trust   Company,   as   Delaware   Trustee   and  the
              Administrative  Trustees Named Herein as  Administrative  Trustees
              dated as of May 4, 2005  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit of
              same  designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31,
              2005).

10.4     -    Junior  Subordinated  Indenture between Bluegreen  Corporation and
              Wilmington  Trust  Company  as  Trustee  dated  as of May 4,  2005
              (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit of same  designation  to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2005).

10.5     -    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement among Bluegreen  Corporation,
              as  Depositor,  Wilmington  Trust  Company,  as Property  Trustee,
              Wilmington   Trust   Company,   as   Delaware   Trustee   and  the
              Administrative Trustees, dated as of May 10, 2005 (incorporated by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Quarterly  Report on
              Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2005).

10.6     -    Junior  Subordinated  Indenture between Bluegreen  Corporation and
              Wilmington  Trust  Company,  as Trustee  dated as of May 10,  2005
              (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit of same  designation  to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2005).

10.7     -    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement  among Bluegreen  Corporation
              as Depositor,


                                                                             111
<PAGE>

              Wilmington Trust Company as Property Trustee and Delaware Trustee,
              and various Administrative Trustees, dated as of February 26, 2007
              (Bluegreen  Statutory  Trust  VI).(incorporated  by  reference  to
              exhibit of same  designation  to Current  Report on Form 8-K dated
              March 1, 2007).

10.8     -    Junior  Subordinated  Indenture between Bluegreen  Corporation and
              Wilmington  Trust  Company as Trustee,  dated as of  February  26,
              2007.(incorporated  by reference to exhibit of same designation to
              Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 1, 2007).

10.9     -    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement  among Bluegreen  Corporation
              as depositor,  Wilmington  Trust  Company as Property  Trustee and
              Delaware Trustee and various Administrative  Trustees, dated April
              24, 2006 (Bluegreen Statutory Trust IV).(incorporated by reference
              to Exhibit 10.61 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31,
              2006).

10.10    -    Junior  Subordinated  Indenture between Bluegreen  Corporation and
              Wilmington  Trust  Company  as  Trustee  dated  as  of  April  24,
              2006.(incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.62 to  Quarterly
              Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2006).

10.11    -    Trust  Agreement of Bluegreen  Statutory  Trust V among  Bluegreen
              Corporation as Depositor,  Wilmington Trust Company as Trustee and
              Property  Trustee,  dated  as of July  19,  2006.(incorporated  by
              reference to Exhibit 10.63 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
              June 30, 2006).

10.12    -    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement  among Bluegreen  Corporation
              as Depositor,  Wilmington  Trust  Company as Property  Trustee and
              Delaware Trustee, and various Administrative Trustees, dated as of
              July 21, 2006  (Bluegreen  Statutory  Trust V).  (incorporated  by
              reference to Exhibit 10.64 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
              June 30, 2006).

10.13    -    Junior  Subordinated  Indenture between Bluegreen  Corporation and
              Wilmington  Trust  Company as Trustee,  dated as of July 21, 2006.
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to Quarterly Report on
              Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2006).

10.14    -    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement  among Bluegreen  Corporation
              as Depositor,  Wilmington  Trust  Company as Property  Trustee and
              Delaware Trustee, and various Administrative Trustees, dated as of
              February 26, 2007 (Bluegreen Statutory Trust  VI).(incorporated by
              reference  to  Exhibit  10.7 to  Current  Report on Form 8-K dated
              March 3, 2007).

10.15    -    Junior  Subordinated  Indenture between Bluegreen  Corporation and
              Wilmington  Trust  Company as Trustee,  dated as of  February  26,
              2007.(incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.8 Current Report on
              Form 8-K dated March 3, 2007).

10.79*   -    Registrant's   1998   Non-Employee   Director  Stock  Option  Plan
              (incorporated  by reference to exhibit  10.131 to Annual report on
              Form 10-K for the year ended March 29, 1998).

10.80*   -    Registrant's  1995 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended  (incorporated
              by  reference to exhibit  10.79 to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for
              the fiscal year ended March 29, 1998).

10.81*   -    Registrant's 2005 Stock Incentive Plan* (incorporated by reference
              to exhibit 10.2010 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30,
              2005).

10.82*   -    Registrant's Retirement Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit  10.81 to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year
              ended March 31, 2002).

10.83*   -    Mandatory  Distribution   Amendment  to  Registrants'   Retirement
              Savings Plan dated as


                                                                             112
<PAGE>

              March 28, 2005.  (incorporated  by  reference to exhibit  10.82 to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2006).

10.85    -    Amended and Restated Sale and  Contribution  Agreement dated as of
              October  1, 1999 by and among  Bluegreen  Corporation  Receivables
              Finance   Corporation   III  and   BRFC   III   Deed   Corporation
              (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.103 to Quarterly  Report
              on Form 10-Q dated January 2, 2000).

10.86    -    Amended and Restated Asset Purchase  Agreement dated as of October
              1, 1999 by and among Bluegreen Corporation,  Bluegreen Receivables
              Finance  Corporation  III,  BRFC  III  Deed  Corporation,   Heller
              Financial  Inc.,  Vacation  Trust,  Inc.  and U.S.  Bank  National
              Association,  as cash administrator,  including  Definitions Annex
              (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.104 to Quarterly  Report
              on Form 10-Q dated January 2, 2000).

10.135*  -    Employment  Agreement  between  George F.  Donovan and the Company
              dated December 31, 2006.

10.136*  -    Promissory  Note dated July 1, 2002 between  George F. Donovan and
              Bluegreen Corporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.148
              to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2002).

10.137*  -    Employment  Agreement between Bluegreen  Corporation and George F.
              Donovan, dated as of June 28, 2006.  (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
              June 30, 2006).

10.138*  -    Employment  Agreement  between  Daniel C.  Koscher and the Company
              dated May 22, 2002 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.126 to
              Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year  ended  March 31,
              2002).

10.139   -    Amended  and  Restated  Loan and  Security  Agreement  dated as of
              September 23, 1997 between  Foothill  Capital  Corporation and the
              Registrant   (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  10.130  to
              Registration Statement on Form S-4, File No. 333-50717).

10.140   -    Amendment Number One to Loan and Security Agreement dated December
              1, 2000,  by and  between  the  Registrant  and  Foothill  Capital
              Corporation  (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  10.140  to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 31, 2000).

10.141   -    Amendment  Number Two to Loan and Security  Agreement  dated as of
              November  9, 2001,  by and  between the  Registrant  and  Foothill
              Capital  Corporation  (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.133
              to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 31, 2001).

10.142   -    Amendment Number Three to Loan and Security Agreement dated August
              28,  2002,  by and between the  Registrant  and  Foothill  Capital
              Corporation  (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  10.132  to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated September 29, 2002).

10.143   -    Amendment  Number Four to Loan and Security  Agreement dated March
              26,  2003,  by and between the  Registrant  and  Foothill  Capital
              Corporation   (incorporated   by  reference  to  exhibit  of  same
              designation  to Annual  Report on Form  10-K for the  fiscal  year
              ended December 31, 2003).

10.144   -    Amendment  Number  Five  to  Loan  and  Security  Agreement  dated
              September 1, 2003, by and between the  Registrant  and Wells Fargo
              Foothill, Inc. (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation)  (incorporated
              by reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on
              Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).


                                                                             113
<PAGE>

10.145   -    Amendment Number Six to Loan and Security Agreement dated April 2,
              2004 by and between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Foothill,  Inc.
              (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation) (Incorporated by reference to
              exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on Form 10-K dated
              December 31, 2004).

10.146   -    Amendment  Number  Seven  to Loan  and  Security  Agreement  dated
              September 21, 2004 by and between the  Registrant  and Wells Fargo
              Foothill, Inc. (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation). (incorporated
              by  reference to exhibit  10.140 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
              dated December 31, 2000). (Incorporated by reference to exhibit of
              same  designation to Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31,
              2004).

10.147   -    Amendment  Number  Eight  to Loan  and  Security  Agreement  dated
              October 5, 2004 by and  between  the  Registrant  and Wells  Fargo
              Foothill, Inc. (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation). (Incorporated
              by reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on
              Form 10-K dated December 31, 2004).

10.148   -    Amendment  Number  Nine  to  Loan  and  Security  Agreement  dated
              December  23, 2004 by and between the  Registrant  and Wells Fargo
              Foothill, Inc. (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation). (Incorporated
              by reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on
              Form 10-K dated December 31, 2004).

10.149   -    Promissory   Note  dated  March  26,  2003,  by  and  between  the
              Registrant and Foothill Corporation  (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit  10.134 to  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31,
              2003).  (Incorporated  by reference to exhibit of same designation
              to Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 2004).

10.156   -    Loan Agreement dated as of September 25, 2002,  between  Bluegreen
              Corporation of the Rockies,  Bluegreen Golf Clubs, Inc., Bluegreen
              Properties of Virginia,  Inc.,  Bluegreen  Southwest One, L.P. and
              Residential  Funding  Corporation  (incorporated  by  reference to
              exhibit 10.149 to Current  Report on Form 8-K dated  September 25,
              2002).

10.157   -    Revolving  Promissory Note dated as of September 25, 2002, between
              Bluegreen Corporation of the Rockies,  Bluegreen Golf Clubs, Inc.,
              Bluegreen  Properties of Virginia,  Inc., Bluegreen Southwest One,
              L.P.  and  Residential   Funding   Corporation   (incorporated  by
              reference  to exhibit  10.150 to Current  Report on Form 8-K dated
              September 25, 2002).

10.159   -    Fourth  Amended and Restated  Promissory  Note dated  December 31,
              2004 by and  among the  Registrant,  certain  subsidiaries  of the
              Registrant and Wachovia Bank, National Association,  for the $15.0
              million,  unsecured,  revolving  line-of-credit due June 30, 2006.
              (Incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit of same  designation  to
              Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 2004).

10.160   -    Third Amendment to Loan Agreement and Other Loan Documents,  dated
              October 21, 2005  between  Bluegreen  Corporation  of the Rockies,
              Bluegreen  Golf Clubs,  Inc.,  Bluegreen  Properties  of Virginia,
              Inc.,  Bluegreen  Southwest One,  L.P.,Catawba Falls, LLC, and RFC
              Construction  Funding  Corp.,  as  successor  in  interest  to and
              assignee of  Residential  Funding  Corporation.  (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Quarterly  Report on
              Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2006).

10.161   -    Fifth Amended and Restated  Promissory Note dated July 26, 2006 by
              and among the Registrant,  certain  subsidiaries of the Registrant
              and Wachovia  Bank,  N.A., for $15 million,  unsecured,  revolving
              line-of-credit  due June 30, 2007.  (incorporated  by reference to
              exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
              June 30, 2006).


                                                                             114
<PAGE>

10.163   -    Loan  Agreement  dated  February  10,  2003,   between   Bluegreen
              Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc. and  Residential  Funding  Corporation
              (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.155 to Transition  Report
              on Form 10-KT for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

10.164   -    Modification  Agreement (AD&C Loan Agreement)  dated September 10,
              2003, between Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited,  Inc. and Residential
              Funding Corporation  (incorporated by reference to exhibit of same
              designation  to Annual  Report on Form  10-K for the  fiscal  year
              ended December 31, 2003).

10.165   -    Revolving  Promissory  Note (AD&C Loan) dated  February  10, 2003,
              between  Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,   Inc.  and  Residential
              Funding  Corporation  (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.156
              to  Transition  Report  on Form  10-KT for the nine  months  ended
              December 31, 2002).

10.166   -    Amendment No. 1 to Revolving  Promissory Note (AD&C Loan) dated as
              of September 10, 2003 between Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited,  Inc.
              and Residential Funding Corporation  (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit  10.157 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated  September
              30, 2003).

10.167   -    Amendment No. 2 to Revolving  Promissory Note (AD&C Loan) dated as
              of September 15, 2004 between Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited,  Inc.
              and Residential Funding Corporation  (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
              September 30, 2004).

10.168   -    Loan and Security  Agreement dated February 10, 2003,  between the
              Registrant,  Residential Funding Corporation,  Bluegreen Vacations
              Unlimited,   Inc.   and   Bluegreen/Big   Cedar   Vacations,   LLC
              (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.157 to Transition  Report
              on Form 10-KT for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

10.169   -    Modification  Agreement  (Receivables Loan and Security Agreement)
              dated  September  10, 2003,  between the  Registrant,  Residential
              Funding  Corporation,  Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc.  and
              Bluegreen/Big  Cedar Vacations,  LLC (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit  10.168 to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
              ended December 31, 2003).

10.170   -    Second  Modification  Agreement  (Receivables  Loan  and  Security
              Agreement)  dated  September  15,  2004,  between the  Registrant,
              Residential Funding  Corporation,  Bluegreen Vacations  Unlimited,
              Inc. and Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC.

10.171   -    Project  Commitment(Big  Cedar  Wilderness  Club) dated October 1,
              2003  by  and  between  Bluegreen   Vacations   Unlimited,   Inc.,
              Blugreen/Big   Cedar   Vacations  LLC  and   Residential   Funding
              Corporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.169 to Annual
              Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

10.172   -    Revolving  Promissory Note  (Receivables  Loan) dated February 10,
              2003,  between the Registrant,  Residential  Funding  Corporation,
              Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,   Inc.  and  Bluegreen/Big  Cedar
              Vacations,  LLC  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit  10.158 to
              Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the nine months ended December
              31, 2002).

10.173   -    Amendment No. 1 to Revolving  Promissory Note  (Receivables  Loan)
              dated as of  September  10, 2003  between  Bluegreen  Corporation,
              Bluegreen   Vacations   Unlimited,   Inc.,   Bluegreen/Big   Cedar
              Vacations,  LLC and Residential Funding Corporation  (incorporated
              by  reference to exhibit  10.160 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
              dated September 30, 2003).

10.174   -    Full Guaranty  dated February 10, 2003, by the Registrant in favor
              of Residential Funding  Corporation  (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit  10.159 to  Transition  Report on Form  10-KT for the nine
              months ended December 31, 2002).

10.175   -    Third  Modification   Agreement  (Receivables  Loan  and  Security
              Agreement  dated February


                                                                             115
<PAGE>

              15th,  2006  between  Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,   Inc.  and
              Residential  Funding  Corporation.(incorporated  by  reference  to
              exhibit  10.176 to  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31,
              2006).

10.176   -    Third  Modification  Agreement  (AD&C Loan) dated  February  15th,
              2006, between Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited,  Inc. and Residential
              Funding  Corporation.(incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.175
              to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2006).

10.177   -    Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement,  dated July 26, 2006 by
              and among the Registrant,  certain  subsidiaries of the Registrant
              and Wachovia  Bank,  N.A., for $15 million,  unsecured,  revolving
              line-of-credit  due June 30,  2007.(incorporated  by  reference to
              exhibit number 10.160 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated June
              30, 2006).

10.180   -    BXG Receivables Owner Trust 2006-A  Definition Annex,  Definitions
              and Interpretations,  dated as of March 13, 2006. (incorporated by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Quarterly  Report on
              Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2006).

10.182   -    Indenture between BXG Receivables Owner Trust 2006-A and U.S. Bank
              National Association, dated as of March 13, 2006. (incorporated by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Quarterly  Report on
              Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2006).

10.183   -    Sale and Servicing  Agreement  among BXG  Receivables  Owner Trust
              2006-A,  Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance Corporation XI, the Trust
              Depositor,  Concord Servicing  Corporation,  Vacation Trust, Inc.,
              U.S.  Bank  National  Association  and  General  Electric  Capital
              Corporation  dated March 13,  2006.(incorporated  by  reference to
              exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
              March 31, 2006).

10.211   -    Purchase and  Contribution  Agreement,  dated as of May 1, 2006 by
              and among Bluegreen Corporation as Seller, and Bluegreen Timeshare
              Finance  Corporation I as Depositor  (incorporated by reference to
              exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
              June 30, 2006).

10.212   -    Indenture  dated  May 1, 2006  between  BXG  Timeshare  Trust I as
              Issuer, Bluegreen Corporation as Servicer, Vacation Trust ,Inc. as
              Club Trustee, Concord Servicing Corporation as Backup Servicer, US
              Bank, N.A. as Indenture Trustee,  Paying Agent and Custodian,  and
              Branch  Banking  and  Trust  Company  as Agent.  (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Quarterly  Report on
              Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2006).

10.213   -    Sale  Agreement  dated  May 1,  2006,  among  Bluegreen  Timeshare
              Finance  Corporation I as Depositor  and BXG Timeshare  Trust I as
              Issuer.(incorporated  by reference to exhibit of same  designation
              to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2006).

10.214   -    Note Funding Agreement dated May 1, 2006 among BXG Timeshare Trust
              I  as  Issuer,  Bluegreen  Corporation  as  Seller  and  Servicer,
              Bluegreen  Timeshare Finance  Corporation I as Depositor,  various
              Purchaser  Parties,  and  Branch  Banking  and  Trust  Company  as
              Agent.(incorporated by reference to exhibit of same designation to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2006).

10.215   -    Standard  Definitions  to Indenture  dated May 1, 2006 between BXG
              Timeshare  Trust I as Issuer,  Bluegreen  Corporation as Servicer,
              Vacation   Trust,   Inc.  as  Club  Trustee,   Concord   Servicing
              Corporation  as  Backup  Servicer,  US  Bank,  N.A.  as  Indenture
              Trustee, Paying Agent and Custodian,  and Branch Banking and Trust
              Company as  Agent.(incorporated  by  reference  to exhibit of same
              designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2006).

10.300   -    Marketing and Promotions  Agreement  dated as of June 16, 2000, by
              and between Big Cedar LLC,  Bass Pro,  Inc.,  Bluegreen  Vacations
              Unlimited,   Inc.  and   Bluegreen/Big   Cedar   Vacations,   LLC.
              (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.200 to Quarterly  Report
              on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).


                                                                             116
<PAGE>

10.301   -    Advertising  Advance Loan dated as of June 16, 2000 by and between
              Big Cedar LLC, as Maker, and Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited,  Inc.,
              as  Holder   (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  10.201  to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.302   -    Website  Hyperlink  License Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000 by
              and between Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc. (as User), Bass
              Pro,  Inc.  and  Bass  Pro  Outdoors   Online,   LLC  (as  Owners)
              (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.202 to Quarterly  Report
              on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.303   -    Website  Hyperlink  License Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000 by
              and between Bluegreen Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc. (as Owner), Bass
              Pro,   Inc.  and  Bass  Pro  Outdoors   Online,   LLC  (as  Users)
              (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.203 to Quarterly  Report
              on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.304   -    Contribution  Agreement  dated as of June 16,  2000 by and between
              Bluegreen   Vacations   Unlimited,   Inc.   and  Big   Cedar   LLC
              (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.204 to Quarterly  Report
              on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.305   -    Operating Agreement of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC dated as
              of June 16, 2000 by and among Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited,  Inc.
              and Big Cedar LLC  (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.205 to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.306   -    Administrative Services Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000 by and
              among Bluegreen/Big  Cedar Vacations,  LLC and Bluegreen Vacations
              Unlimited,  Inc.  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.206 to
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.307   -    Servicing  Agreement  dated as of June 16,  2000 by and  among the
              Registrant,  Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations,  LLC and Big Cedar LLC
              (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.207 to Quarterly  Report
              on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

18       -    Letter  re:  Change  in  Accounting  Principle   (incorporated  by
              reference to exhibit of same  designation to Transition  Report on
              Form 10-KT for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

21.1     -    List of Subsidiaries.

23.1     -    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

31.1     -    Certification  of  John  M.  Maloney,  Jr.,  President  and  Chief
              Executive  Officer,  pursuant  to  Securities  Exchange  Act Rules
              13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
              Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2     -    Certification  of Anthony M. Puleo,  Senior Vice President,  Chief
              Financial Officer and Treasurer,  pursuant to Securities  Exchange
              Act Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c),  as adopted pursuant to Section
              302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1     -    Certification  of  John  M.  Maloney,  Jr.,  President  and  Chief
              Executive Officer,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
              pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2     -    Certification  of Anthony M. Puleo,  Senior Vice President,  Chief
              Financial  Officer and  Treasurer  pursuant  to 18 U.S.C.  Section
              1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
              of 2002.

* - Compensation plan or arrangement


                                                                             117
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
