<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d63006_10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

         ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                              EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                       OR

                      For the year ended December 31, 2004

                         Commission file number 0-19292

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                      Massachusetts                              03-0300793
             (State or other jurisdiction of                  (I.R.S. Employer
              incorporation or organization)                 Identification No.)

4960 Conference Way North, Suite 100, Boca Raton, Florida            33431
        (Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (561) 912-8000

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

     Title of each class             Name of each exchange on which registered
     -------------------             -----------------------------------------
Common Stock, $.01 par value       New York Stock Exchange, Archipelago Exchange

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.

     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |X| No |_|

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in the definitive proxy statement incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. |_|

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes |X| No |_|

     State the  aggregate  market  value of the  voting  common  equity  held by
non-affiliates of the registrant: $228,746,137 based upon the closing sale price
of the  Company's  Common Stock on the New York Stock  Exchange on June 30, 2004
($13.80 per share). For this purpose,  "affiliates" include members of the Board
of  Directors of the Company,  members of executive  management  and all persons
known to be the beneficial  owners of more than 5% of the Company's  outstanding
common stock.

     Indicate  the  number of  shares  outstanding  of each of the  registrant's
classes of common  stock,  as of the latest  practicable  date:  As of March 11,
2005, there were 30,317,296  shares of the registrant's  common stock,  $.01 par
value, outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Specifically   identified  portions  of  the  Company's   definitive  proxy
statement to be filed for its 2005 Annual  Meeting of  Shareholders  (the "Proxy
Statement") are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.

<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                       INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                                     PART I

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----
Item 1.    BUSINESS......................................................      1

Item 2.    PROPERTIES....................................................     27

Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.............................................     27

Item 4.    SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS...........     27

                                     PART II

Item 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
              MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES..........     27

Item 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.......................................     28

Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
              AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS..................................     30

Item 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK....     60

Item 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA...................     62

Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
              AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE...................................    102

Item 9A.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.......................................    102

Item 9B.   OTHER INFORMATION.............................................    103

                                    PART III

Item 10.   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT............    103

Item 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION........................................    103

Item 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
              MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.................    103

Item 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS................    103

Item 14.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES........................    103

                                     PART IV

Item 15.   EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES....................    103

Signatures...............................................................    105
Exhibit Index............................................................    107

<PAGE>

                                   TRADEMARKS

     The terms "Bluegreen(R)," "Bluegreen Communities(R)," and "Bluegreen
Vacation Club(R)" are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office by
Bluegreen Corporation.

     The terms "La Cabana Beach and Racquet Club(TM)," "The Hammocks at Marathon
Resort(TM)," "Casa Del Mar Beach Resort(TM)," "Orlando's Sunshine Resort(TM),"
"Solara Surfside Resort(TM)," "Mountain Run at Boyne(TM)," "The Falls Village
Resort(TM)," "Big Cedar(R) Wilderness Club(TM)," "The Lodge Alley Inn(TM),"
"Harbour Lights Resort(TM)," "Shore Crest Vacation Villas(TM)," "Laurel Crest
Resort(TM)," "MountainLoft Resort(TM)," "Shenandoah Crossing Resort(TM),"
"Christmas Mountain Village(TM)," "Traditions of Braselton(TM)," "Sanctuary Cove
at St. Andrews Sound(TM)," "Catawba Falls Preserve(TM)," "Mountain Lakes
Ranch(TM)," "Silver Lakes Ranch(TM)," "Mystic Shores(TM)," "Lake Ridge at Joe
Pool Lake(TM)," "Ridge Lake Shores(TM)," "Mountain Springs Ranch(TM)," "Carolina
National(TM)," "Brickshire(TM)," "Golf Club at Brickshire(TM)," and "Preserve at
Jordan Lake(TM)" are trademarks or service marks of Bluegreen Corporation in the
United States.

     The term "Big Cedar(R)" is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office by Big Cedar, L.L.C.

     The term "Bass Pro Shops(R)" is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office by Bass Pro, Inc.

     The term "World Golf Village(R)" is registered in the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office by World Golf Foundation, Inc.

     All other marks are registered marks of their respective owners.

                            MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA

Market and industry data used throughout this Annual Report were obtained from
our internal surveys, industry publications, unpublished industry data and
estimates, discussions with industry sources and currently available
information. The sources for this data include, without limitation, the American
Resort Development Association ("ARDA"). Industry publications generally state
that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed
to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy and
completeness of such information. We have not independently verified such market
data. Similarly, our internal surveys, while believed by us to be reliable, have
not been verified by any independent sources. Accordingly, no assurance can be
given that any such data will prove to be accurate.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Item 1. BUSINESS.

Introduction

We are a leading provider of vacation and residential lifestyle choices through
our resorts and residential community businesses. We are organized into two
divisions: Bluegreen Resorts and Bluegreen Communities. Bluegreen Resorts
acquires, develops and markets vacation ownership interests ("VOIs") in resorts
generally located in popular high-volume, "drive-to" vacation destinations.
Bluegreen Communities acquires, develops and subdivides property and markets
residential land homesites, the majority of which are sold directly to retail
customers who seek to build a home in a high quality residential setting, in
some cases on properties featuring a golf course and related amenities. We also
generate significant interest income through our financing of individual
purchasers of VOIs and, to a nominal extent, homesites sold by Bluegreen
Communities.

Bluegreen Resorts

Bluegreen Resorts was founded in 1994 to capitalize on the growth of the
vacation ownership industry. As of December 31, 2004, we had approximately
134,000 VOI owners, including approximately 95,000 members in the Bluegreen
Vacation Club, which was established in 1997. We sell VOIs in the Bluegreen
Vacation Club through sales offices at all of our owned resorts and at our four
off-site sales offices in Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, and Texas. A VOI in any
of our resorts entitles the buyer to an annual allotment of "points" in
perpetuity in our Bluegreen Vacation Club. Club members may use their points to
stay in one of 18 Bluegreen-owned resorts and 18 other resorts or for other
vacation options, including cruises and stays at approximately 3,700 resorts
offered by our affiliated worldwide vacation ownership exchange network, Resorts
Condominium International ("RCI"). The following table sets forth the Bluegreen
Vacation Club resorts:

       Bluegreen-Owned Resorts(1)                      Location
---------------------------------------   ----------------------------------
The Hammocks at Marathon (3)              Marathon, Florida
The Fountains (3)                         Orlando, Florida
Orlando's Sunshine Resort (3)             Orlando, Florida
Casa Del Mar Beach Resort                 Ormond Beach, Florida
Grande Villas at World Golf Village (3)   St. Augustine, Florida
Solara Surfside Resort (3)                Surfside, Florida
Mountain Run at Boyne (3)                 Boyne Falls, Michigan
The Falls Village Resort (3)              Branson, Missouri
Big Cedar Wilderness Club (3)(4)          Ridgedale, Missouri
The Suites at Hershey (2)(3)              Hershey, Pennsylvania
The Lodge Alley Inn (3)                   Charleston, South Carolina
Harbour Lights (3)                        Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
Shore Crest Vacation Villas (3)           North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
MountainLoft (3)                          Gatlinburg, Tennessee
Laurel Crest (3)                          Pigeon Forge, Tennessee
Shenandoah Crossing (3)                   Gordonsville, Virginia
Christmas Mountain Village (3)            Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin
La Cabana Beach and Racquet Club          Oranjestad, Aruba


                                                                               1

<PAGE>

           Other Resorts (5)                         Location
---------------------------------------   -----------------------------
Paradise Isle Resort                      Gulf Shores, Alabama
Shoreline Towers Resort                   Gulf Shores, Alabama
Via Roma Resort (3)                       Bradenton Beach, Florida
Dolphin Beach Club (3)                    Daytona Beach Shores, Florida
Fantasy Island Resort II (3)              Daytona Beach, Florida
Mariner's Boathouse Resort                Fort Myers Beach, Florida
Tropical Sands Resort                     Fort Myers Beach, Florida
Windward Passage Resort                   Fort Myers Beach, Florida
Gulfstream Manor (3)                      Gulfstream, Florida
Resort Sixty-Six (3)                      Holmes Beach, Florida
Outrigger Beach Club (3)                  Ormond Beach, Florida
Landmark Holiday Beach Resort             Panama City Beach, Florida
Ocean Towers Beach Club                   Panama City Beach, Florida
Panama City Resort & Beach Club           Panama City Beach, Florida
Petit Crest Villas                        Marble Hill, Georgia
Pono Kai Resort (3)                       Kauai, Hawaii
Lake Condominiums at Big Sky              Big Sky, Montana
Players Club (3)                          Hilton Head, South Carolina

----------
(1)  Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any reference to resorts that
     we "own" refers to resorts where we acquired or developed a significant
     number of the VOIs associated with the resorts, even if substantially all
     of the VOIs in the property have been sold to consumers.

(2)  We acquired this resort in 2004. We will begin selling VOIs in this resort
     through the Bluegreen Vacation Club in 2005.

(3)  These resorts are managed by Bluegreen Resorts Management, Inc., one of our
     wholly-owned subsidiaries.

(4)  This resort is being developed, marketed and sold by Bluegreen/Big Cedar
     Vacations, LLC, a joint venture with Big Cedar, L.L.C. We own a 51%
     interest in this joint venture and the joint venture's results of
     operations, cash flows and financial position are included in our
     consolidated financial statements. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated
     Financial Statements.

(5)  A portion of the VOIs in these resorts were marketed and sold by us or RDI
     Group, Inc., which was purchased by us in 1997.

Throughout this report, "estimated remaining life-of-project sales" assumes
sales of the existing, currently under construction or development, and planned
VOIs or homesites, as the case may be, at current retail prices. "Field
Operating Profit" means the operating profit of one of our business segments
prior to the allocation of corporate overhead, interest income, gain on sales of
notes receivable, other income, provision for loan losses, interest expense,
income taxes, minority interest and cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle. See Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
further information and a reconciliation of Field Operating Profit for our
business segments to consolidated income before income taxes.

Since our inception, we have generated over 140,000 VOI sales transactions.
Bluegreen Resorts' estimated remaining life-of-project sales were approximately
$2.0 billion at December 31, 2004. For the year ended December 31, 2004,
Bluegreen Resorts had sales and Field Operating Profit of $310.6 million and
$52.6 million, respectively.


                                                                               2

<PAGE>

Bluegreen Resorts uses a variety of techniques to attract prospective purchasers
of VOIs, including telemarketing of mini-vacations, marketing kiosks in retail
and hotel locations, targeted mailings, marketing to current owners of VOIs and
referrals. To support our marketing and sales efforts, we have developed and
continue to enhance our database to track our vacation ownership marketing and
sales programs. We believe that as our vacation ownership operations grow, this
database will enable us to take advantage of, among other things, less costly
marketing and referral opportunities.

While historical growth rates may not continue, based on ARDA and other industry
data, we believe that vacation ownership has been one of the fastest growing
segments of the hospitality industry with 10.6% compound annual growth for sales
volume and 10.7% compound annual growth for number of VOI owners during the
period from 1990 to 2002. According to ARDA, the primary reason cited by
consumers for purchasing a VOI is the ability to exchange a VOI for
accommodations at other resorts through worldwide exchange networks.

Our affiliation with RCI, the largest worldwide vacation ownership exchange
company, entitles members of the Bluegreen Vacation Club to stay at
approximately 3,700 participating RCI resorts located in 100 countries
worldwide. To further enhance the ability of our VOI owners to customize their
vacation experience, we also have implemented our Bluegreen Vacation Club
system, which permits our VOI owners to purchase an annual allotment of points
which can be redeemed for occupancy rights at most Bluegreen-owned and certain
other participating resorts. We also have implemented the Sampler program, which
allows Sampler package purchasers to enjoy substantially the same amenities,
activities and services offered to the regular Bluegreen Vacation Club members
for a one-year trial period. We benefit from the Sampler program as it gives us
the opportunity to market our VOIs to customers when they use their trial
memberships at our resorts and to recapture some of the cost incurred relative
to the initial marketing of prospective customers.

Prior to acquiring property for resorts, Bluegreen Resorts undertakes a property
review, which includes physical and environmental assessments. This review is
presented for approval to our Management Investment Committee, which was
established in 1990 and consists of certain key members of senior management.
Once so approved, the acquisition is submitted to the Investment Committee of
our Board of Directors for final approval. During the review process, we
consider market, tourism and demographic data as well as the quality and
diversity of the location's existing amenities and attractions to determine the
potential strength of the vacation ownership market in the area and the
availability of a variety of recreational opportunities for prospective VOI
purchasers. Another important consideration when Bluegreen Resorts is reviewing
a resort location for potential acquisition is the demand for resorts in
specific geographic areas by existing Bluegreen Vacation Club members. We
periodically monitor this demand through surveys and other means. We intend to
pursue the acquisition of real estate or interests in real estate for Bluegreen
Resorts in the geographic areas in which Bluegreen Resorts currently operates,
with possible expansion into the western United States, although we may pursue
acquisitions in other areas. No assurance can be given that we will be able to
acquire property in our current target areas or be successful in our acquisition
strategy.

We have historically provided financing to approximately 95% to 99% of our
vacation ownership customers. Customers are required to make a downpayment of at
least 10% of the VOI sales price and typically finance the balance of the sales
price over a period of ten years. As of December 31, 2004, our vacation
ownership receivables portfolio totaled approximately $121.3 million in
principal amount, with a weighted-average contractual yield of approximately
14.7% per annum. During the year ended December 31, 2004, we maintained vacation
ownership receivables warehouse facilities and separate vacation ownership
receivables purchase facilities to maintain liquidity associated with our
vacation ownership receivables. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Liquidity and Capital
Resources" for a further discussion of our vacation ownership receivables
facilities and certain risks relating to such facilities.


                                                                               3

<PAGE>

Bluegreen Communities

Bluegreen Communities focuses on developing residential homesites located near
major metropolitan centers or popular retirement areas. We believe that a
majority of our customers seek a quality lifestyle improvement that is generally
unavailable in traditional, intensely subdivided suburban developments. As of
December 31, 2004, Bluegreen Communities was actively developing and selling
homesites directly to retail consumers in communities primarily located in
Texas, Georgia and North Carolina. We had $77.1 million of inventory for
Bluegreen Communities on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2004 and Bluegreen
Communities' estimated remaining life-of-project sales were approximately $362.0
million. For the year ended December 31, 2004 we had sales and Field Operating
Profit in our Bluegreen Communities division of $191.8 million and $37.7
million, respectively.

We have developed a marketing and sales program that generates a significant
number of on-site sales presentations to potential prospects through a
combination of newspaper, direct mail, television, billboard, Internet and radio
advertising. In addition, we believe Bluegreen Communities' customer
relationship management computer software system enables us to compile, process
and maintain information concerning future sales prospects within each of our
operating regions with the goal of tracking the effectiveness of advertising and
marketing programs relative to sales generated. Through our targeted sales and
marketing programs, we believe that we have been able to achieve an attractive
conversion ratio of sales to prospects receiving on-site sales presentations.

Bluegreen Communities acquires and develops land in two markets: (i) near major
metropolitan centers but outside the perimeter of intense subdivision
development; and (ii) popular retirement areas. Prior to acquiring undeveloped
land, we consider market depth and attempt to forecast market absorption. In new
market areas, we typically engage a third-party to perform a market study in the
area to evaluate market response and price acceptance. Our sales and marketing
efforts begin as soon as practicable after we enter into an agreement to acquire
a parcel of land. Our ability to bond projects to completion generally allows us
to sell a portion of our residential land inventory on a pre-development basis,
thereby reducing the amount of external capital needed to complete improvements.
As is the case with Bluegreen Resorts, all acquisitions of properties by
Bluegreen Communities are subject to the approval of both our Management
Investment Committee and the Investment Committee of our Board of Directors.

In fiscal 1997, we began construction of our first daily-fee golf course. We
believe that daily-fee golf courses are an attractive amenity that increases the
marketability of adjacent homesites. We currently intend to expand our golf
course community residential land offerings into markets with attractive
demographics for such properties. There can be no assurance that our strategy
for this expansion will be successful.

Industry Overview

Bluegreen Resorts

The Market. The resorts component of the leisure industry is serviced primarily
by two separate alternatives for overnight accommodations: commercial lodging
establishments and vacation ownership resorts. Commercial lodging consists
principally of hotels and motels in which a room is rented on a nightly, weekly
or monthly basis for the duration of the visit or rentals of privately-owned
condominium units or homes. For many vacationers, particularly those with
families, a lengthy stay at a quality commercial lodging establishment can be
expensive, and the space provided to such vacationers by these establishments
relative to the cost is often not economical. In addition, room rates at
commercial lodging establishments are subject to change periodically and
availability is often uncertain. We believe that vacation ownership presents an
attractive vacation alternative to commercial lodging.

First introduced in Europe in the mid-1960's, vacation ownership has been one of
the fastest growing segments of the hospitality industry over the past two
decades. We believe that, based on ARDA reports and other industry data, the
following factors have contributed to the increased acceptance of the vacation
ownership concept among the general public and the substantial growth of the
vacation ownership industry:


                                                                               4

<PAGE>

     o    growing consumer awareness of the potential value and benefits of
          vacation ownership, including the cost savings relative to certain
          other lodging alternatives;

     o    increasing flexibility of vacation ownership due to the growth of
          international exchange organizations such as RCI and Interval
          International, and points-based vacation club systems;

     o    the improving quality of the vacation ownership resorts and their
          management; and

     o    growing consumer confidence resulting from enhanced consumer
          protection regulation of the vacation ownership industry and the entry
          of brand name national lodging companies to the vacation ownership
          industry.

Historically, the vacation ownership industry was highly fragmented and
dominated by a large number of local and regional resort developers and
operators, each with small resort portfolios generally of differing quality. We
believe that one of the most significant factors contributing to the current
success of the vacation ownership industry has been the entry into the market of
some of the world's major lodging, hospitality and entertainment companies, such
as Marriott International, Inc., the Walt Disney Company, Hilton Hotels
Corporation, Hyatt Corporation, Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, Starwood Hotels
and Resorts Worldwide, Inc. and Cendant Corporation. Although vacation ownership
operations currently comprise only a portion of these companies' overall
operations, we believe that their involvement in the vacation ownership industry
has enhanced the industry's image with the general public.

We believe that the ongoing hostilities in the Middle East and other world
events that have decreased the amount of vacation air travel by Americans have
not, to date, had a material adverse impact on our sales in our domestic sales
offices. We believe that this is due to the "drive-to" resort destinations in
the Bluegreen Vacation Club. In addition, we believe that, in general, Americans
still desire to take family vacations and that our vacation club is positioned
to benefit from consumer demand for family vacations. However, international
hostilities, economic conditions and the rising cost of gasoline may have an
adverse effect on our operations in the future.

The Consumer. According to information compiled by industry sources, customers
in the 40-59 year old age range represented approximately 60% of all VOI owners
in the United States in 2002. Historically, the median age of a VOI buyer at the
time of purchase was 51. The median annual household income of VOI owners in the
United States in 2002 was approximately $85,000, with approximately 35% of all
VOI owners having annual household incomes greater than $100,000. Despite the
industry's growth, VOI ownership has achieved only an approximate 5% market
penetration among United States households with incomes above $50,000 per year.

VOI Ownership. The purchase of a fixed-week VOI typically entitles the buyer to
use a fully-furnished vacation residence, generally for a one-week period each
year in perpetuity. Typically, the buyer acquires an ownership interest in the
vacation residence, which is often held as tenant-in-common with other buyers of
interests in the property.

Under a points-based system, such as our Bluegreen Vacation Club, members
purchase an annual allotment of points that can be redeemed for occupancy rights
at participating resorts. Compared to other vacation ownership arrangements, the
points-based system offers members greater flexibility in planning their
vacations. The number of points required for a stay at any one resort varies,
depending on a variety of factors, including the resort location, the size of a
unit, the vacation season and the days of the week used. Under this system,
members can select vacations according to their schedules, space needs and
available points. Members' unused points are typically automatically saved for
one year beyond the year they were allotted, subject to certain usage
restrictions. Members also typically may "borrow" points from the next year,
subject to certain restrictions. Owners of VOIs in the Bluegreen Vacation Club
have an underlying deeded real estate interest in a specific VOI resort that is
held in trust on the owner's behalf. As of December 31, 2004, all of our sales
offices were only selling VOIs within our Bluegreen Vacation Club system.


                                                                               5

<PAGE>

The owners of VOIs manage the property through a nonprofit homeowners'
association, which is governed by a board of directors or trustees consisting of
representatives of the developer (as long as the developer owns VOIs in the
resort) and owners of VOIs at the resort. The board hires a management company
to which it delegates many of the rights and responsibilities of the homeowners'
association, including grounds landscaping, security, housekeeping and operating
supplies, garbage collection, utilities, insurance, laundry and repairs and
maintenance. As of December 31, 2004, we managed 24 resorts.

Each VOI owner is required to pay the vacation club homeowners' association a
share of all costs of maintaining the properties in the Bluegreen Vacation Club
system. These charges can consist of an annual maintenance fee plus applicable
real estate taxes and special assessments, assessed on an as-needed basis. If
the VOI owner does not pay such charges, such owner's use rights may be
suspended and the homeowners' association may foreclose on the owner's VOI.

Participation in Independent VOI Exchange Networks. We believe that our VOIs are
made more attractive by our affiliation with an international VOI exchange
network such as RCI. All of our VOI resorts are currently affiliated with RCI,
and most of our VOI resorts have been awarded RCI's highest designation (Gold
Crown). A VOI owner's participation in the RCI exchange network allows such
owner to exchange his annual VOI for occupancy at approximately 3,700
participating resorts, based upon availability and the payment of a variable
exchange fee. RCI's participating resorts are located throughout the world in
100 countries. A Bluegreen Vacation Club owner may make a reservation for
occupancy in a club VOI and then may attempt to exchange this occupancy right
for one in another participating RCI resort. The owner lists his occupancy right
as available with RCI and requests occupancy at another participating resort,
indicating the particular resort or geographic area to which the owner desires
to travel, the size of the unit desired and the period during which occupancy is
desired. The exchange network assigns ratings to each listed VOI, based upon a
number of factors, including the location and size of the unit, the quality of
the resort and the period during which the VOI is available, and attempts to
satisfy the exchange request by providing an occupancy right in another VOI with
a similar rating. If the exchange network is unable to meet the member's initial
request, it suggests alternative resorts based on availability. No assurance can
be given that our resorts will continue to qualify for participation in
international exchange networks, or that our customers will continue to be
satisfied with these networks. Our failure or the failure of any of our resorts
to participate in qualified exchange networks or the failure of such networks to
operate effectively could have a material adverse effect on us.

Bluegreen Communities

Bluegreen Communities operates within a specialized niche of the real estate
industry, which focuses on the sale of residential homesites to retail customers
who typically intend to build a home on such homesites at some point in the
future. The participants in this market are generally individual landowners who
are selling specific parcels of property and small developers who focus
primarily on projects in their region. Unlike commercial homebuilders who focus
on vertical development, such as the construction of single and multi-family
housing structures, Bluegreen Communities focuses primarily on horizontal
development activities, such as grading, roads and utilities. As a result, the
projects undertaken by us are significantly less capital intensive than those
generally undertaken by commercial homebuilders. We believe that our market is
also the beneficiary of a number of trends, including the large number of people
entering into the 40-59 year age bracket and the economic and population growth
in certain of our primary markets.

Bluegreen Communities also focuses on the development of daily-fee golf courses
and related amenities as the centerpieces of certain of our residential land
properties. As of December 31, 2004, we were marketing homesites in seven
projects that include golf courses developed either by us or third parties. We
currently intend to acquire and develop additional golf communities, as we
believe that the demographics and marketability of such properties are
consistent with our overall residential land strategy. Golf communities
typically are larger, multi-phase properties that require a greater capital
commitment than our single-phase residential land projects. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to successfully implement our golf community
strategy.


                                                                               6

<PAGE>

Bluegreen Communities also undertakes the development of large lakes in certain
of our projects as the centerpiece amenity. We believe that while these
development activities require a greater capital commitment than certain other
amenities that Bluegreen Communities may provide in our projects, we benefit
from the anticipated increased marketability and pricing of lakefront homesites.

Company Products

Bluegreen Resorts

Set forth below is a description of each of our owned vacation ownership
resorts. We consider resorts "owned" if we acquired or developed a significant
number of the VOIs associated with the resorts, even if we no longer own
substantial VOIs in the resorts. Units at most of the properties have certain
standard amenities, including a full kitchen, at least two televisions, a VCR
and a CD player. Some units have additional amenities, such as big screen
televisions, DVD players, fireplaces, whirlpool tubs and video game systems.
Most properties offer guests a clubhouse (with an indoor or outdoor pool, a game
room, exercise facilities and a lounge) and a hotel-type staff. We manage all of
our owned resorts with the exception of the La Cabana Beach and Racquet Club
("La Cabana") and Casa del Mar Beach Resort. La Cabana is managed by Optima
Hotel Exploitatiemaatschappij N.V., an unaffiliated third party that managed the
resort prior to our acquisition of La Cabana's unsold VOI inventory in 1997. The
Casa del Mar Beach Resort is managed by The Amber Group, Inc., an unaffiliated
third party that managed the resort prior to our acquisition of Casa Del Mar's
unsold VOI inventory in 2003.

Florida

The Hammocks at Marathon -- Marathon, Florida. Acquired in December 2003, The
Hammocks at Marathon is located in the Florida Keys within easy reach of both
Miami and Key West, Florida. This beachfront resort offers such amenities as a
pool, boat slips, an outside tiki bar and a variety of water sport recreational
vehicle rentals.

The Fountains-- Orlando, Florida. In September 2003, we acquired The Fountains
(f/k/a The Oasis Lakes Resort), an existing vacation ownership resort in
Orlando, Florida. The acquisition included certain unsold VOIs, land that can
accommodate the construction of approximately 576 additional vacation
residences, a 20,000 square-foot sales center, a clubhouse and pool complex, an
additional parcel of land zoned for commercial use and certain notes receivable.
This 54-acre resort is located on Lake Eve and is minutes away from Central
Florida's family attractions, including Walt Disney World(R), SeaWorld(R) and
Universal Studios(R). Amenities include a clubhouse with a heated indoor/outdoor
swimming pool, a pool bar, a massage room, steam and sauna rooms, a family
activity room and tennis and basketball courts.

Orlando's Sunshine Resort-- Orlando, Florida. Orlando's Sunshine Resort is
located on International Drive, near Wet'n'Wild(R) water park and Universal
Studios Florida(R). This property features an outdoor swimming pool, hot tub and
tennis courts.

Casa del Mar Beach Resort-- Ormond Beach, Florida. In January 2003, we acquired
the unsold VOI inventory (approximately 2,340 VOIs) of an existing vacation
ownership resort located in Ormond Beach, Florida. Casa del Mar is located
directly on the ocean and includes such amenities as an outdoor pool and
miniature golf.

Grande Villas at World Golf Village-- St. Augustine, Florida. In August 2003, we
acquired the unsold VOI inventory (approximately 4,000 VOIs) and undeveloped
land that can accommodate the construction of approximately 125 new "vacation
homes" (as defined below)at a vacation ownership resort located in St.
Augustine, Florida. The resort, which is minutes away from the Atlantic Ocean
and next to the World Golf Hall of Fame(R), features an extensive array of
amenities, including, among others, a golf course, outdoor and indoor pools, a
hot tub, a sauna and a playground.


                                                                               7

<PAGE>

Solara Surfside Resort-- Surfside, Florida. This oceanfront resort is located in
Surfside, Florida, near Miami Beach. Solara Surfside captures the art deco style
of its surrounding area and features one and two bedroom vacation homes, a
swimming pool, sun deck and hot tub.

Michigan

Mountain Run at Boyne-- Boyne Falls, Michigan. In October 2002, we acquired
approximately 11 acres of land to build and develop 64 vacation homes at Boyne
Mountain in northern Michigan. In connection with this acquisition, we also
acquired an option to purchase land contiguous to the 11 acres on which we
could, at our discretion, build approximately 100 additional vacation homes.
Boyne Mountain is known for skiing, snowboarding and tubing on 62 runs with
convenient lift and trail systems. In the summer, Boyne Mountain offers 162
holes of golf on world-class courses designed by some of the game's masters,
including Robert Trent Jones, Arthur Hills, Donald Ross and, soon, Pete Dye.

Missouri

The Falls Village Resort-- Branson, Missouri. The Falls Village is located in
the Ozark Mountains. Fishing, boating and swimming are available at nearby Table
Rock Lake and Lake Taneycomo, and area theaters feature shows by renowned
country music stars. Most resort guests come from areas within an eight to ten
hour drive of Branson.

The Big CedarWilderness Club-- Ridgedale, Missouri. The Big Cedar Wilderness
Club is a 312-unit, wilderness-themed resort adjacent to the world famous Big
Cedar Lodge luxury hotel resort. This vacation ownership resort is being
developed, marketed and sold by Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations LLC, a joint
venture between Big Cedar, L.L.C. and us, in which we own a 51% interest. The
Big Cedar Wilderness Club is located on Table Rock Lake, and is near Dogwood
Canyon. Guests staying in the two bedroom cabins or one and two bedroom lodge
villas enjoy fireplaces, private balconies, full kitchens and Internet access.
Amenities include, or are expected to include indoor and outdoor swimming pools
and hot tubs, a lazy river, hiking trails, a campfire area, a beach and
playground. Guests also have access to certain of the luxury amenities at the
Big Cedar Lodge, including the Jack Nicklaus Signature Top of the Rock Par Three
Golf Course, a marina, horseback riding, tennis courts and a spa.

Pennsylvania

The Suites at Hershey-- Hershey, Pennsylvania. In May 2004, we acquired The
Suites at Hershey Resort (f/k/a The Vacation Club and Resort of Hershey), an
existing vacation ownership resort. The acquisition included approximately 700
unsold VOIs in the existing buildings and land that can accommodate the
construction of 54 additional vacation residences. This 3.2-acre resort is
located near HersheyPark(R) and Hershey's(R) Chocolate World. Amenities include
an outdoor swimming pool, hot tub, playground, a picnic area with barbeque
grills, a game room, fitness center and indoor basketball courts.

South Carolina

The Lodge Alley Inn-- Charleston, South Carolina. Located in Charleston's
historic district, the Lodge Alley Inn includes one and two-bedroom suites, many
furnished with an equipped kitchen, a living room with fireplace, a dining room,
a whirlpool bath, pine wood floors and 18th century-style furniture
reproductions. The resort, which features the on-site High Cotton restaurant, is
within walking distance of many of Charleston's historical sites, open-air
markets and art galleries.

Harbour Lights-- Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Harbour Lights is located in the
Fantasy Harbour Complex in the center of Myrtle Beach. Nearby are Theater Row,
shopping, golf courses and restaurants. The resort's activities center overlooks
the Intracoastal Waterway.


                                                                               8

<PAGE>

Shore Crest Vacation Villas-- North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Shore Crest
Vacation Villas is located on the beach in the Windy Hill section of North
Myrtle Beach, a mile from the famous Barefoot Landing, with its restaurants,
theaters, shops and outlet stores.

Tennessee

MountainLoft-- Gatlinburg, Tennessee. The MountainLoft Resort in Gatlinburg,
Tennessee, is located near the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and is
minutes from the family attractions of Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. Units are
located in individual chalets or mid-rise villa buildings. Each unit is fully
furnished with a whirlpool bath and private balconies, and certain units include
gas fireplaces.

Laurel Crest-- Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. Laurel Crest is located in proximity to
the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Dollywood theme park. In
addition, visitors to Pigeon Forge can enjoy over 200 factory outlet stores and
music shows featuring renowned country music stars as well as partake in a
variety of outdoor activities, such as horseback riding, trout fishing, boating,
golfing and white water rafting.

Virginia

Shenandoah Crossing-- Gordonsville, Virginia. Shenandoah Crossing features an
18-hole golf course (which is owned and operated by an unaffiliated third
party), indoor and outdoor swimming pools, tennis courts, horseback riding
trails and a lake for fishing and boating.

Wisconsin

Christmas Mountain Village-- Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin. Christmas Mountain
Village offers a 27-hole golf course and seven ski trails served by two chair
lifts. Other on-site amenities include horseback riding, tennis courts, a
five-acre lake with paddleboats and rowboats and four outdoor swimming pools.
Christmas Mountain Village attracts customers primarily from the greater Chicago
area and other locations within an eight to ten hour drive of Wisconsin Dells.

Aruba

La Cabana Beach Resort & Racquet Club-- Aruba. Bluegreen Properties N.V.
acquired the unsold VOI inventory of La Cabana (approximately 8,000 VOIs) in
December 1997 and additional VOIs from time to time thereafter. Established in
1989, La Cabana is a 449-suite ocean front resortthat offers one, two and
three-bedroom suites, garden suites and penthouse accommodations. On-site
amenities includeracquetball, squash, a casino, two pools and private beach
cabanas, none of which are owned or managed by us.

The following table describes the relative size, stage of development and amount
of remaining inventory at each of our owned resorts. Although all inventory is
sold as VOIs, we disclose the size and inventory information in terms of number
of vacation homes for ease of comparability between our resorts and those of
other companies in the industry. "Vacation homes" are individual lodging units
(e.g., condominium-style apartments, town homes, cabins, etc.).


                                                                               9

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   The                       Orlando's    Casa Del     Grande Villas
                                 Hammocks                    Sunshine     Mar Beach    at World Golf
Resort                         At Marathon   The Fountains    Resort       Resort         Village
------                         -----------   -------------   ---------   ----------   --------------
                                Marathon,       Orlando,      Orlando,     Ormond     St. Augustine,
Location                           FL              FL            FL       Beach, FL         FL
                               -----------   -------------   ---------   ----------   --------------
<S>                              <C>            <C>             <C>         <C>          <C>
Year acquired (1)                  2003           2003          1997        2003           2003
Number of vacation homes
   completed                        58             216            90          43            102
Number of vacation homes
   under construction               --             156            --          --             --
Number of future vacation
   homes (2)                        --             350            --          --            125
Total current and future
   vacation homes                   58             722            90          43            227
Percentage of total current
   and future vacation homes
   sold (3)                         42%             20%           95%         88%            40%
Estimated remaining
   life-of-project sales (in
   millions) (4)                 $36.0          $608.5          $4.3        $3.3         $104.3
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                The Falls       Big
                                   Solara        Mountain Run    Village    CedarWilder   The Suites at
Resort                         Surfside Resort     at Boyne       Resort     ness Club       Hershey
------                         ---------------   ------------   ---------   -----------   -------------
                                  Surfside,      Boyne Falls,    Branson,    Ridgedale,      Hershey,
Location                             FL               MI            MO           MO            PA
                               ---------------   ------------   ---------   -----------   -------------
<S>                                  <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>             <C>
Year acquired (1)                     2001           2002           1997        2000           2004
Number of vacation homes
   completed                           58              56            123         142             24
Number of vacation homes
   under construction                  --              48             12          64             54
Number of future vacation
   homes (2)                           --              --            111         106             --
Total current and future
   vacation homes                      58             104            246         312             78
Percentage of total current
   and future vacation homes
   sold (3)                            88%             42%            44%         27%            14%
Estimated remaining
   life-of-project sales (in
   millions) (4)                     $7.1           $25.7         $100.6      $215.7          $42.0
</TABLE>


                                                                              10

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                The Lodge     Harbour      Shore Crest
Resort                          Alley Inn      Lights    Vacation Villas   MountainLoft   Laurel Crest
------                         -----------   ---------   ---------------   ------------   ------------
                               Charleston,     Myrtle      North Myrtle     Gatlinburg,      Pigeon
Location                           SC        Beach, SC       Beach, SC          TN         Forge, TN
                               -----------   ---------   ---------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                <C>         <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>
Year acquired (1)                  1998         1997           1996             1994           1995
Number of vacation homes
   completed                         90          228            240              164            152
Number of vacation homes
   under construction                --           --             --               --             --
Number of future vacation
   homes (2)                         --           36             --               25             50
Total current and future
   vacation homes                    90          264            240              189            202
Percentage of total current
   and future vacation homes
   sold (3)                          97%          78%            96%              81%            66%
Estimated remaining
   life-of-project sales (in
   millions) (4)                   $2.4        $39.8           $8.5            $40.1          $57.5
</TABLE>

                                               Christmas     La Cabana
                                 Shenandoah    Mountain      Beach and
Resort                            Crossing      Village    Racquet Club
------                         -------------   ---------   ------------
                               Gordonsville,   Wisconsin    Oranjestad,
Location                            VA         Dells, WI      Aruba
                               -------------   ---------   ------------
Year acquired (1)                   1997           1997         1997
Number of vacation homes
   completed                         162            309          449
Number of vacation homes
   under construction                 --             --           --
Number of future vacation
   homes (2)                         100            130           --
Total current and future
   vacation homes                    262            439          449
Percentage of total current
   and future vacation homes
   sold (3)                           59%            65%          91%
Estimated remaining
   life-of-project sales (in
   millions) (4)                   $91.3         $172.2        $28.0

(1)  Year that we first acquired the land to develop each resort or the year we
     first acquired existing VOIs at each resort, as applicable.

(2)  Number of vacation homes that can be developed at each resort in the
     future. We cannot provide any assurance that we will have the resources, or
     will decide to commence or complete the development of any of these future
     vacation homes or that the resulting VOIs will be sold at favorable prices.

(3)  This is the portion of each resort that has been sold through December 31,
     2004, including sales made by prior owners of the resorts, if applicable.
     The unsold portion includes vacation homes that are either completed, under
     construction or subject to future development.


                                                                              11

<PAGE>

(4)  Estimated remaining life-of-project sales as of December 31, 2004. This
     table excludes VOI inventory that we own at several non-owned resorts
     ("Miscellaneous Inventory"). The aggregate estimated remaining
     life-of-project sales for our Miscellaneous Inventory as of December 31,
     2004 was $6.0 million or less than 1% of Bluegreen Resorts' estimated
     remaining life-of-project sales.

     The table also excludes planned VOI inventory to be developed on two
     parcels of land in Eastern Tennessee (the "Future Tennessee Inventory") and
     one parcel in Big Sky, Montana (the "Future Montana Inventory"), all of
     which was acquired in 2004. The aggregate estimated life-of-project sales
     for the Future Tennessee Inventory and the Future Montana Inventory as of
     December 31, 2004 was $580.2 million and $85.9 million, respectively.

We believe that each of our resorts is adequately covered by property and
casualty insurance, in the case of our completed resorts, or builder's risk
insurance, in the case of resorts that are under construction. In addition, we,
or general contractors hired by us, purchase performance bonds if required by
the local jurisdictions in which we develop our resorts.

Bluegreen Communities

Described below are the communities with the most significant estimated
remaining life-of-project sales marketed by Bluegreen Communities as of December
31, 2004.

Georgia

Traditions of Braselton-- Braselton, Georgia. In March 2003, we acquired 1,142
acres of land in Braselton, Georgia for $12.3 million. This property is a golf
course community offering an 18-hole golf course and other amenities, such as a
clubhouse, swimming pool, tennis courts, nature trails and a children's
recreation area. The golf course and clubhouse will be owned by us and operated
on a daily-fee basis. General improvements relative to the homesites at
Traditions of Braselton being performed by us include, in most cases, water,
sewer, electric, telephone and cable television utilities as well as selective
homesite clearing. We began selling homesites at Traditions of Braselton in
April 2003.

Sanctuary Cove at St. Andrew's Sound-- Waverly, Georgia. In November 2003, we
acquired 564 acres of land near St. Simons Island in Brunswick County, Georgia
for $11.3 million. Amenities at this golf community will include an 18-hole Fred
Couples Signature Golf Course to be designed by Love Golf Design, clubhouse and
swimming and tennis facilities. The golf course and clubhouse will be owned by
us and operated on a daily-fee basis. Sanctuary Cove adjoins approximately 1,000
acres of preserved saltwater marshes and coastal wetlands. General improvements
relative to the homesites at Sanctuary Cove being performed by us include, in
most cases, water, sewer, electric, telephone and cable television utilities as
well as selective homesite clearing. We began selling homesites at Sanctuary
Cove in December 2003.

North Carolina

Catawba Falls Preserve-- Black Mountain, North Carolina. We acquired
approximately 785 acres located in Black Mountain, North Carolina (approximately
18 miles from Asheville, North Carolina) for $2.6 million in June 2002. The
project is expected to include horse and hiking trails, a swimming hole, picnic
area, playground area and trail access to Pisgah National Forest and Catawba
Falls. We anticipate that the project will consist of a total of approximately
238 homesites, which range in size from approximately 1 acre to 16 acres.
General improvements on the homesites at Catawba Falls Preserve being performed
by us include, in most cases, selective homesite clearing. We began selling
homesites at Catawba Falls Preserve in January 2003.

Chapel Ridge--- Chatham County, North Carolina. In July 2004, we acquired
approximately 800 acres of land centrally located between Chapel Hill/Durham,
Cary/Apex, Sanford/Siler City and the Triad areas in Chatham County, North
Carolina for $5.5 million. Amenities at this golf community will include an
18-hole Fred Couples Signature Golf Course, a clubhouse and conservation areas.
The golf course and


                                                                              12

<PAGE>

clubhouse will be owned by us and operated on a daily-fee basis. General
improvements relative to the homesites at Chapel Ridge being performed by us
include in most cases, water, sewer, electric, telephone and cable television
utilities as well as selective homesite clearing. We began selling homesites at
Chapel Ridge in July 2004.

Texas

Mystic Shores-- Canyon Lake, Texas. We acquired 6,966 acres located 25 miles
north of San Antonio, Texas in October 1999 for $14.9 million. On May 5, 2000,
we purchased an additional 435 acres for $2.7 million. The project includes
approximately 2,400 homesites, ranging in size from one to twenty acres. Mystic
Shores is situated on Canyon Lake and is in close proximity to the Guadeloupe
River, which is well known for fishing, rafting and water sports. The property
also features a junior Olympic swimming pool, bathhouse, open-air pavilion
andpicnic area. General improvements on homesites at Mystic Shores performed by
us include, in most cases, water and selective homesite clearing, while some
sections of the project also include electric and telephone utilities. We began
selling homesites at Mystic Shores in March 2000.

Lake Ridge at Joe Pool Lake-- Cedar Hill, Texas. We acquired 1,400 acres located
approximately 19 miles outside of Dallas, Texas and 30 miles outside of Fort
Worth, Texas in April 1994 for $6.1 million. In fiscal 2000, we acquired an
additional 1,766 acres for $14.9 million. The property is located at Joe Pool
Lake and is atop the highest elevation within 100 miles. The lake has in excess
of 7,500 acres of water for boating, fishing, windsurfing and other water
activities. Adjacent amenities, not owned by us, include a 154-acre park with
baseball, football and soccer fields, camping areas and an 18-hole golf course.
The existing acreage will yield approximately 2,530 homesites, with most
homesites ranging in size from 1/4 to five acres. General improvements on the
homesites at Lake Ridge performed by us include, in most cases, water, sewer,
electric, telephone and cable television utilities as well as selective homesite
clearing. We began selling homesites at this project in April 1994.

SugarTree on the Brazos-- Parker County, Texas. In November 2004, we acquired
approximately 429 acres of land located near Fort Worth, Texas in Parker County,
Texas for $4.3 million. SugarTree is surrounded by a championship golf course
and is nestled along the shores of the Brazos River. Amenities at this community
will include a swimming center and clubhouse. General improvements on the
homesites at SugarTree being performed by us include, in most cases, water and
sewer utilities and selective homesite clearing. We began sales of homesites at
SugarTree in March 2005.

Mountain Springs Ranch-- Smithson Valley, Texas. In April 2003, we acquired
1,125 acres located approximately 15 miles north of San Antonio, Texas for $4.8
million. This master planned community offers wooded and acreage homesites with
views of the scenic Texas Hill Country. General improvements to the homesites in
Mountain Springs Ranch performed by us include, in most cases, water, selective
homesite clearing, electric and telephone. We began selling homesites at this
project in December 2003.


                                                                              13

<PAGE>

The following table shows certain information about the significant Bluegreen
Communities projects listed above:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Sanctuary
                                               Cove at St.
                               Traditions of     Andrews         Catawba        Chapel
Community                        Braselton        Sound      Falls Preserve      Ridge
---------                      -------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
                                 Braselton,      Waverly,         Black         Chatham
Location                            GA             GA         Mountain, NC    County, NC
                               -------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
<S>                                <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
Year acquired (1)                   2003           2003            2002          2004
Total acreage                       1,142           500             785            800
Number of homesites
   anticipated (2)                  1,550           700             238            698
Percentage of anticipated
   homesites sold (3)                  66%           43%             58%            56%
Estimated remaining
   life-of-project sales (in
   millions) (4)                   $ 27.6         $50.6           $13.2          $49.9
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Lake Ridge                     Mountain
                                  Mystic      at Joe Pool    SugarTree on      Springs
Community                         Shores          Lake        the Brazos        Ranch
---------                      ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
                               Canyon Lake,   Cedar Hill,   Parker County,    Smithson
Location                            TX            TX              TX         Valley, TX
                               ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
<S>                               <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>
Year acquired (1)                  1999           1994           2004            2003
Total acreage                      7,401          3,166            429          1,125
Number of homesites
   anticipated (2)                 2,400          2,530            463            625
Percentage of anticipated
   homesites sold (3)                 54%            72%             0%            20%
Estimated remaining
   life-of-project sales (in
   millions) (4)                  $ 66.7         $ 63.3          $21.6         $ 25.8
</TABLE>

(1)  Year that we first acquired the land to commence development of each
     community. Certain communities were acquired in phases.

(2)  Number of homesites anticipated within each community. We cannot provide
     any assurance that we will have the resources, or will decide, to develop
     such homesites at each community, that required platting and other
     approvals will be obtained to develop such homesites or that such homesites
     will be sold at favorable prices.

(3)  This is the percentage of anticipated homesites sold through December 31,
     2004.

(4)  Estimated remaining life-of-project sales as of December 31, 2004. This
     table excludes certain projects currently being marketed by Bluegreen
     Communities with an aggregate estimated remaining life-of-project sales as
     of December 31, 2004 of $43.3 million, or approximately 12% of Bluegreen
     Communities total estimated remaining life-of-project sales.

We believe that each of our Bluegreen Communities projects is adequately covered
by builder's risk insurance during the construction period or property and
casualty insurance for homesites that are held in our inventory prior to sale to
consumers, as well as our owned golf course amenities. Once a homesite is sold,
the consumer assumes the risk of loss on such homesite. In addition, the
applicable property owners' association bears the risk of loss on any common
amenities at each project.


                                                                              14

<PAGE>

We also purchase performance bonds on most of our projects, to provide assurance
to homesite buyers that construction of the project will be completed. We
believe that our ability to obtain such performance bonds assists us in our
pre-construction sales efforts.

Acquisition of Bluegreen Resorts and Bluegreen Communities Inventory

Bluegreen Resorts

We intend to continue to pursue growth by expanding or supplementing our
existing resorts operations through acquisitions in destinations that we believe
will complement such operations. We may consider acquiring additional VOI
inventory, operating companies, management contracts, VOI mortgage portfolios
and properties or other vacation ownership-related assets that may be integrated
into our operations. We currently intend to pursue the acquisition of real
estate or interests in real estate for Bluegreen Resorts in the areas in which
Bluegreen Resorts currently operates, with a possible expansion into the western
United States, although we may pursue acquisitions in other areas. No assurances
can be given that we will be successful in our acquisition strategy.

We obtain information with respect to resort acquisition opportunities through
interaction by our management team with resort operators, lodging companies and
financial institutions with which we have established business relationships. We
evaluate the following factors, among others, to determine the viability of a
potential new vacation ownership resort:

     o    anticipated supply/demand ratio for VOIs in the relevant market;

     o    the market's potential growth as a vacation destination;

     o    competitive accommodation alternatives in the market;

     o    the uniqueness of location and demand for the location by existing
          Bluegreen Vacation Club members; and

     o    barriers to entry that would limit competition.

Bluegreen Communities

Bluegreen Communities seeks to acquire property that:

     o    is located near a major population center but outside the perimeter of
          intense subdivision development or in popular retirement areas;

     o    is suitable for subdivision;

     o    has attractive topographical features;

     o    for certain projects, could accommodate a golf course and related
          amenities; and

     o    we believe will result in an acceptable profit margin and cash flow to
          us based upon anticipated retail value.

Properties are generally subdivided for sale into homesites typically ranging in
size from 1/4 acre to 5 acres.

In connection with our review of potential Bluegreen Communities inventory, we
consider economic conditions in the area in which the parcel is located,
environmental sensitivity, availability of financing, whether the property is
consistent with our general policies and the anticipated ability of that
property to


                                                                              15

<PAGE>

produce acceptable profit margins and cash flow. As part of our long-term
strategy for Bluegreen Communities, in recent years we have focused on fewer,
more capital-intensive projects. We intend to continue to focus Bluegreen
Communities on those regions where we believe the market for our products is
strongest, such as the southeast and southwest regions of the United States and
to replenish and increase our residential land inventory in such regions as
existing projects are sold-out.

Bluegreen Communities has established contacts with numerous land owners and
real estate brokers in many of our market areas, and because of such contacts
and our long history of acquiring properties, we believe that we are generally
in a favorable position to learn of available properties, sometimes before the
availability of such properties is publicly known. In order to ensure such
access, we attempt to develop and maintain strong relationships with major
property owners and brokers in our markets.

Prior to acquiring property in new areas, we will generally conduct test
marketing for a prospective project to determine whether sufficient customer
demand exists for the project.

By requiring, in most cases, that regulatory approvals be obtained prior to
closing and by limiting the amount of the downpayment upon signing a purchase
agreement, we are typically able to place a number of properties under contract
without expending significant amounts of cash. This strategy helps Bluegreen
Communities to reduce:

     o    the time during which it actually owns specific properties between
          initial acquisition and the ultimate sale;

     o    the market risk associated with holding such properties; and

     o    the risk of acquiring properties that may not be suitable for sale.

Marketing and Sale of Inventory

Bluegreen Resorts

Bluegreen Resorts uses a variety of methods to attract prospective purchasers of
VOIs, including selling discount mini-vacations through telemarketing methods or
at Bass Pro Shop locations (see further discussion of our relationship with Bass
Pro Shops, below), placing marketing kiosks in retail locations and acquiring
the right to market to prospective purchasers from third-party vendors. In
addition to attracting new customers, we seek additional sales to existing VOI
owners, such sales being called "upgrades", and referrals of prospective
purchasers from existing VOI owners and others. Upgrades and referral sales
require relatively less marketing expense and typically result in relative
higher operating margins than sales through other marketing channels. Bluegreen
Resorts sometimes provides hotel accommodations to prospective purchasers at
reduced rates in exchange for their touring one of our resorts. To support our
marketing and sales efforts, we have developed and work to continue to enhance
our customer relationship management methods, techniques and computer software
tools to track our VOI marketing and sales programs. We believe that as
Bluegreen Resorts' operations grow, this database will become an increasingly
significant asset, enabling us to focus our marketing and sales efforts to take
advantage of, among other things, less costly marketing and referral
opportunities.

In recent years, we have been focusing on increasing Bluegreen Resorts use of
"permission" marketing and branding programs. "Permission" marketing methods
involve obtaining the prospective purchasers' permission, directly or
indirectly, to contact them in the future regarding an offer to purchase a
product or service. Branding involves forming alliances with third-party
entities that possess what we believe to be a nationally or regionally known
brand name, a good reputation and a customer base with similar demographic
characteristics to our target market.

In June 2000, we entered into an exclusive marketing agreement with Bass Pro,
Inc. and Big Cedar, L.L.C., a Bass Pro affiliate. Under the terms of the
ten-year agreement,we have the right to market our VOIs at


                                                                              16

<PAGE>

each of Bass Pro's retail locations, in Bass Pro's catalogs and on Bass Pro's
website. We also have access to Bass Pro's customer mailing lists. We believe
that the branding aspects of this alliance are consistent with our overall
marketing strategy for Bluegreen Resorts. In exchange for these services, we
agreed to pay Bass Pro a commission of either 7.0% or 3.5%, depending on certain
circumstances, on each sale of a VOI that is made through one of the Bass Pro
marketing channels described above. The amount of the commission is dependent on
the level of additional marketing efforts required by us to convert the prospect
into a sale and a defined time frame for such marketing efforts. There is no
commission paid to Bass Pro on sales made by the Big Cedar Wilderness Club sales
office, as this sales office is part of a joint venture between Big Cedar,
L.L.C. and us. We currently market discounted three-day, two-night mini-vacation
packages at most of Bass Pro's national retail locations. Most of these
mini-vacation packages require the buyer to participate in a sales presentation
at either a Bluegreen Vacation Club sales office or the Big Cedar Wilderness
Club sales office, which is one of our "permission" marketing techniques. We
also have an exclusive VOI marketing presence on Bass Pro's website, which is
linked to our website. We believe that this arrangement results in effective and
cost-efficient marketing for Bluegreen Resorts.

On June 16, 2000, we prepaid $9.0 million to Bass Pro in connection with the
above marketing agreement. The prepayment is amortized from commissions earned
by Bass Pro and member distributions otherwise payable to Big Cedar, L.L.C. from
the earnings of the joint venture. No additional commissions or member
distributions will be paid in cash to Bass Pro or Big Cedar, L.L.C.,
respectively, until the prepayment has been fully utilized. The marketing
agreement expires on the earlier of: (i) June 16, 2010 or (ii) such time as 90%
of the joint venture's proposed VOIs have been sold and conveyed. As of December
31, 2004, the unamortized balance of the prepayment to Bass Pro was
approximately $2.9 million.

On October 2, 2002, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Great Vacation
Destinations, Inc. ("GVD"), we acquired substantially all of the assets and
assumed certain liabilities of TakeMeOnVacation, LLC and certain of its
affiliates ("TMOV"). Utilizing the assets acquired from TMOV, GVD generates
"permission" marketing sales leads for VOI sales utilizing various marketing
strategies. Through the application of a proprietary, computer software system,
these leads are then contacted and given the opportunity to purchase discount
mini-vacation packages. These packages sometimes combine hotel stays, cruises
and gift premiums. Buyers of these mini-vacation packages are then usually
required to participate in a VOI sales presentation. GVD seeks to generate sales
prospects for our VOI sales business and for sales prospects that will be sold
to other VOI developers. We believe that GVD's "permission" marketing lead
generation programs and the potential benefits of tracking and controlling the
subsequent marketing efforts are consistent with Bluegreen Resorts' overall
marketing strategy.

Also in October 2002, in connection with the acquisition of land and completed
VOIs from Boyne USA Resorts ("Boyne"), we obtained the right to market the
Bluegreen Vacation Club at two of Boyne's resort properties: Boyne Mountain and
Boyne Highlands. In addition, Bluegreen Resorts entered into an exclusive
marketing arrangement with an affiliate of Boyne, Boyne Country Sports ("BCS").
BCS owns and operates six ski, snowboard and golf equipment retail stores
throughout Michigan. Bluegreen Resorts markets our vacation club through a
variety of programs directed to BCS's customer base, including lead generation
operations in four of BCS's locations and tour generation operations in two of
BCS's locations. We believe that these arrangements will allow Bluegreen Resorts
to benefit from marketing to customers that it believes are within our target
demographic through an affiliation with a known regional brand.

VOI resorts are staffed with sales representatives, sales managers and an
on-site manager who oversees the day-to-day operations, all of whom are our
employees. We sponsor ongoing training for our personnel. During the year ended
December 31, 2004, total selling and marketing expense for Bluegreen Resorts was
$165.2 million or 53% of the division's $310.6 million in sales.

We require our sales staff to provide each VOI customer with a written
disclosure statement regarding the VOI to be sold prior to the time the customer
signs a purchase agreement. This disclosure statement explains relevant
information regarding VOI ownership at the resort and must be signed by every
purchaser. After deciding to purchase a VOI, a purchaser enters into a purchase
agreement and is required to pay us a deposit of at least 10% of the purchase
price. Purchasers are entitled to cancel purchase agreements within required
legal rescission periods after execution in accordance with statutory


                                                                              17

<PAGE>

requirements. Substantially all VOI purchasers visit one of our resorts or one
of our off-site sales offices prior to purchasing.

In addition to sales offices located at our resorts, we also operate four
off-site sales offices serving the Indianapolis, Indiana; Detroit, Michigan;
Minneapolis, Minnesota; and Dallas, Texas markets. We are also in the process of
opening a new off-site sales office in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, serving
the greater Philadelphia market. Our off-site sales offices market and sell VOIs
in the Bluegreen Vacation Club, and allow us to bring our products to markets
with favorable demographics and low competition for prospective buyers. We
continue to evaluate our ongoing utilization of off-site sales operations and
may elect to open new locations or close existing locations in the future.

Bluegreen Communities

In general, as soon as practicable after agreeing to acquire a property and
during the time period that improvements are being completed, we establish
selling prices for the individual homesites. We take into account such matters
as regional economic conditions, quality as a building site, scenic views, road
frontage, golf course views (if applicable) and natural features such as lakes,
mountains, streams, ponds and wooded areas. We also consider recent sales of
comparable parcels in the area. Once selling prices are established, we commence
our marketing efforts.

The marketing method most widely used by Bluegreen Communities is advertising in
local newspapers and in major newspapers in metropolitan areas located within a
one to three hour drive from the property. In addition, we use our customer
relationship management system, which we believe enables us to identify
prospects who are most likely to be interested in a particular project.
Bluegreen Communities also conducts direct mail campaigns to market property
through the use of brochures describing available homesites, as well as
television, billboard, Internet and radio advertising. Through our sales and
marketing programs, we believe that we have been able to achieve a high
conversion ratio of sales to prospects receiving on-site sales presentations. A
sales representative who is knowledgeable about the property answers inquiries
generated by our marketing efforts, discusses the property with the prospective
purchaser, attempts to ascertain the purchaser's needs and arranges an
appointment for the purchaser to visit the property. Substantially all
prospective purchasers inspect a property before purchasing.

The success of our marketing efforts depends heavily on the knowledge and
experience of our sales personnel. We require that, prior to initiating the
marketing effort for a property, all sales representatives walk the property and
become knowledgeable about each parcel and applicable zoning, subdivision and
building code requirements. Continued training programs are conducted, including
training with regional office sales managers, weekly sales meetings and frequent
site visits by our executive officers. We enhance our sales and marketing
organization through the Bluegreen Institute, a mandatory training program that
is designed to instill our marketing and customer service philosophy in middle
and lower-level management. Additionally, the sales staff is evaluated against
performance standards established by our executive officers. Substantially all
of a sales representative's compensation is commission-based.

We require our sales staff to provide each prospective homesite purchaser with a
written disclosure statement regarding the property to be sold prior to the time
such purchaser signs a purchase agreement. This information statement, which is
either in the form of a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ("HUD")
lot information statement, where required, or a "Vital Information Statement"
that we generate states relevant information with respect to, and risks
associated with, the property and must be signed by each purchaser.

After deciding to purchase a homesite, a purchaser enters into a purchase
agreement and is required to pay us a deposit of at least 10% of the purchase
price. Purchasers may cancel purchase agreements within specified periods after
execution in accordance with statutory requirements. The closing of a homesite
sale usually occurs two to eight weeks after payment of the deposit. Upon
closing of a homesite sale, we typically deliver a warranty deed and a recent
survey of the property to the purchaser. Title insurance is available at the
purchaser's expense.


                                                                              18

<PAGE>

Customer Financing

General

Approximately 99% of our VOI customers utilized our financing during the year
ended December 31, 2004. Sales of VOIs accounted for 62% of consolidated sales
during the year ended December 31, 2004. In recent years, the percentage of
Bluegreen Communities customers who utilized our financing has been less than 2%
of all homesite purchasers due to, among other things, an increased willingness
on the part of banks to extend direct lot financing to purchasers.

We offer financing of up to 90% of the purchase price of our VOIs. The typical
financing extended by us on a VOI during the year ended December 31, 2004,
provided for a term of ten years and a fixed interest rate. In connection with
our VOI sales within our vacation club system, we deliver the deed on behalf of
the purchasers to the trustee of our vacation club and secure repayment of the
purchaser's obligation by obtaining a mortgage on the purchaser's VOI.

The weighted-average interest rate on our notes receivable by division was as
follows:

                                      As of
                           ---------------------------
                           December 31,   December 31,
        Division               2003           2004
------------------------   ------------   ------------
Bluegreen Resorts.......       14.9%          14.7%
Bluegreen Communities...        9.1%           9.2%
Consolidated............       14.3%          14.2%

See "Sale of Receivables/Pledging of Receivables," below, for information
regarding our receivable financing activities.

Loan Underwriting

Bluegreen Resorts

Consistent with accepted industry practice, our VOI financing is not subject to
any significant loan underwriting criteria. Currently, customer financing on
sales of VOIs typically requires (i) receipt of a minimum downpayment of 10% of
the purchase price, (ii) a note and mortgage and (iii) other closing documents
between the purchaser and ourselves. We encourage purchasers to make higher
downpayments by offering a lower interest rate. In addition, purchasers who do
not elect to participate in our pre-authorized payment plan are charged interest
at a rate which is 1% greater than the otherwise prevailing rate. As of December
31, 2004, approximately 77% of our VOI notes receivable serviced were on our
pre-authorized payment plan.

Bluegreen Communities

At Bluegreen Communities, we have established loan underwriting criteria and
procedures designed to reduce credit losses. The loan underwriting process
undertaken by our credit department may includereviewing the applicant's credit
history, verifying employment and income as well as calculating certain
debt-to-income ratios. The primary focus of our underwriting review is to
determine the applicant's ability to repay the loan in accordance with our
terms.

Collection Policies

Bluegreen Resorts

Collection efforts and delinquency information concerning Bluegreen Resorts'
notes receivable are managed at our corporate headquarters. A staff of
experienced collectors, assisted by a mortgage collection computer system,
handles servicing of the division's receivables. We generally make collection
efforts by


                                                                              19

<PAGE>

mail and telephone. Our vacation ownership receivables originated prior to
fiscal 1999 were documented by contracts for deed, which allows us to retain
title to the VOI until the obligation is paid in full, thereby eliminating the
need to foreclose in the event of a default. If a contract for deed becomes
delinquent for sixteen days, telephone contact commences with the customer.
After an account is 30 days delinquent, we typically send a letter advising the
customer that such customer has 30 days within which to bring the account
current. Under the terms of the contract for deed, the borrower is in default
when the account becomes 60 days delinquent. At this time, we send a default
letter advising the customer that he or she has 30 days to bring the account
current or lose his or her contractual interest in the VOI. When the account
becomes 90 days delinquent, we forward a final letter informing the customer
that the contract for deed has been terminated. We can then resell the VOI to a
new purchaser.

In fiscal 1999, in connection with the implementation of the Bluegreen Vacation
Club, we converted to a note and mortgage arrangement. In addition to telephone
contact commencing at sixteen days past due, a 30-day collection letter is sent.
At sixty days delinquent, we send a lockout letter to the customer advising them
that they cannot make any future reservations for lodging at a Resort. At ninety
days past due, we stop the accrual of interest on the note receivable and mail a
Notice of Intent to Cancel Membership, which informs the customer that unless
the delinquency is cured within 30 days, we will terminate the customer's VOI
ownership. At this point the account is reviewed by the Collection Manager to
determine if, in certain limited circumstances, additional correspondence should
be sent offering repayment options. At approximately 120 days delinquent, we
send a Termination Letter, return receipt requested. The VOI is placed back into
our inventory generally by the calendar month following the return of the
delivery receipt. We can then resell the VOI to a new purchaser.

Bluegreen Communities

Collection efforts and delinquency information concerning Bluegreen Communities'
notes receivable are also managed at our corporate headquarters. A staff of
experienced collectors handles servicing of the division's receivables. We
generally make collection efforts by mail and telephone. Collection efforts
begin when an account is sixteen days past due, at which time we contact the
customer by telephone and attempt to determine the reason for the delinquency
and to bring the account current. The determination of how to handle a
delinquent loan is based upon many factors, including the customer's payment
history and the reason for the current inability to make timely payments. If no
agreement is reached or the customer does not abide by the agreement, collection
efforts continue until the account is either brought current or legal action is
commenced. If not accelerated sooner, we typically declare the loan in default
when the loan becomes 60 days delinquent. When the loan is 90 days past due, we
stop the accrual of interest (unless the loan is deemed to be an in-substance
foreclosure loan, in which case all accrued interest is reversed since our means
of recovery is determined through the resale of the underlying collateral and
not through collection on the note) and the Collection Manager determines the
action to be taken.

Loan Loss Reserves

The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of our outstanding notes
receivable was approximately 8% at both December 31, 2003 and 2004. We determine
the adequacy of our reserve for loan losses and review it on a regular basis
considering, among other factors, historical frequency of default, loss
experience, static pool analyses, estimated value of the underlying collateral,
present and expected economic conditions as well as other factors. During the
nine months ended December 31, 2002, the year ended December 31, 2003 and the
year ended December 31, 2004, the default rates on Bluegreen Resorts' and
Bluegreen Communities' receivables owned or serviced by us were as follows:

                            Nine Months
                               Ended       Year Ended     Year Ended
                           December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
        Division               2002           2003           2004
------------------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
Bluegreen Resorts.......       4.4%           7.9%           8.5%
Bluegreen Communities...       2.2%           2.0%           1.9%


                                                                              20

<PAGE>

The default rate for Bluegreen Resorts was lower during the nine months ended
December 31, 2002 as compared to the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004, as
the months of January through March of each year historically have had higher
seasonally adjusted default rates than other months during the year.

Sales of Receivables/Pledging of Receivables

During the nine months ended December 31, 2002 and the year sended December 31,
2003 and 2004, all of our notes receivable sold and the majority of our notes
receivable pledged consisted of notes receivable generated by Bluegreen Resorts.

Since 1986, we have sold or pledged a significant amount of our receivables,
generally retaining the right and obligation to service such receivables. In the
case of Bluegreen Communities' receivables pledged to a financial institution,
we generally must maintain a debt to eligible collateral rate (based on the
outstanding principal balance of the pledged loans) of 90%. We are obligated to
pledge additional eligible receivables or make additional principal payments in
order to maintain this collateralization rate. Since fiscal 1999, we have
maintained various vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities with
financial institutions. Our ability to sell and/or borrow against our notes
receivable from VOI buyers is a critical factor in our continued liquidity. The
vacation ownership business involves making sales of a product pursuant to which
a financed buyer is only required to pay a minimum of 10% of the purchase price
in cash up front, yet selling, marketing and administrative expenses are
primarily cash expenses, which, in our case for the year ended December 31,
2004, approximated 58% of sales. Accordingly, having facilities for the sale and
hypothecation of these vacation ownership receivables is a critical factor to
our meeting our short- and long-term cash needs.

The vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities that we have historically
maintained have typically utilized an owner's trust structure, pursuant to which
we sell receivables to one of our wholly-owned, special purpose finance
subsidiaries. These subsidiaries then sell the receivables to an owners' trust
(qualified special purpose entity) without recourse to us or our subsidiaries
except for breaches of certain representations and warranties at the time of
sale. We historically have not entered into any guarantees in connection with
our vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities. These facilities usually
have detailed requirements with respect to the eligibility of receivables for
purchase; and, fundings under these facilities are typically subject to certain
conditions precedent. Under such purchase facilities, a variable purchase price
of a portion of the principal balance of the receivables sold, subject to
certain terms and conditions, is paid at closing in cash. The balance of the
purchase price is deferred until such time as the purchaser of our vacation
ownership receivables has received a specified return and all servicing,
custodial, agent and similar fees and expenses have been paid. We have
historically acted as servicer of the vacation ownership receivables we have
sold under these purchase facilities for a fee.

Our vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities typically include various
conditions to purchase, covenants, trigger events and other provisions customary
for these types of transactions.

See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations - Vacation Ownership Receivables Purchase Facilities - Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements" for information about our current VOI receivables purchase
facilities.

Receivables Servicing

Receivables servicing includes collecting payments from borrowers and remitting
such funds to the owners, lenders or investors in such receivables, accounting
for principal and interest on such receivables, making advances when required,
contacting delinquent borrowers, foreclosing, or terminating a contract for deed
or membership in our vacation club in the event that defaults are not remedied,
and performing other administrative duties. Our obligation to service the
receivables and our right to collect fees for a given pool of receivables are
set forth in a servicing agreement. We have the obligation and right to service
all of the receivables we originate and have retained the obligation and right
with respect to the receivables we have sold under any of our vacation ownership
receivable purchase facilities to date, although in certain circumstances the
purchasers may elect to appoint a new servicer. We typically receive an annual
servicing


                                                                              21

<PAGE>

fee ranging from approximately 1.5% to 2.0% of the principal balance of the
loans serviced on behalf of others. During the nine months ended December 31,
2002 and the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004, we recognized aggregate
servicing fee income of $2.5 million, $3.8 million and $4.4 million,
respectively.

Regulation

The vacation ownership and real estate industries are subject to extensive and
complex regulation. We are subject to compliance with various federal, state,
local and foreign environmental, zoning, consumer protection and other statutes
and regulations regarding the acquisition, subdivision and sale of real estate
and VOIs and various aspects of our financing operations. On a federal level,
the Federal Trade Commission has taken an active regulatory role through the
Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or unfair
competition in interstate commerce. In addition to the laws applicable to our
customer financing and other operations discussed below, we are or may be
subject to the Fair Housing Act and various other federal statutes and
regulations. We are also subject to various foreign laws with respect to La
Cabana. In addition, there can be no assurance that in the future, VOIs will not
be deemed to be securities subject to regulation as such, which could have a
material adverse effect on us. There is no assurance that the cost of complying
with applicable laws and regulations will not be significant or that we are in
compliance with all applicable laws, including those discussed below. Any
failure to comply with current or future applicable laws or regulations could
have a material adverse effect on us.

Our sales and marketing of homesites are subject to various consumer protection
laws and to the Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act, which establishes
strict guidelines with respect to the marketing and sale of land in interstate
commerce. HUD has enforcement powers with respect to this statute. In some
instances, we have been exempt from HUD registration requirements because of the
size or number of the subdivided parcels and the limited nature of our
offerings. In those cases where we and our legal counsel determine parcels must
be registered to be sold, we file registration materials disclosing financial
information concerning the property, evidence of title and a description of the
intended manner of offering and advertising such property. We bear the cost of
such registration, which includes legal and filing fees. Many states also have
statutes and regulations governing the sale of real estate. Consequently, we
regularly consult with counsel for assistance in complying with federal, state
and local law. We must obtain the approval of numerous governmental authorities
for our acquisition and marketing activities; and,changes in local circumstances
or applicable laws may necessitate the application for, or the modification of,
existing approvals.

Our vacation ownership resorts are subject to various regulatory requirements
including state and local approvals. The laws of most states require us to file
with a designated state authority a detailed offering statement describing our
business and all material aspects of the project and sale of VOIs. Laws in each
state where we sell VOIs generally grant the purchaser of a VOI the right to
cancel a contract of purchase at any time within a specified rescission period
following the earlier of the date the contract was signed or the date the
purchaser has received the last of the documents required to be provided by us.
Most states have other laws that regulate our activities, including: real estate
licensure; sellers of travel licensure; anti-fraud laws; telemarketing laws;
prize, gift and sweepstakes laws; and labor laws. In addition, certain state and
local laws may impose liability on property developers with respect to
construction defects discovered or repairs made by future owners of such
property. Under these laws, future owners may recover from us amounts in
connection with the repairs made to the developed property. As required by state
laws, we provide our VOI purchasers with a public disclosure statement that
contains, among other items, detailed information about the surrounding
vicinity, the resort and the purchaser's rights and obligations as a VOI owner.
The development of our resorts is subject to various Federal, state and local
laws and regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act.

Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, the
owner of real property generally is liable for the costs of removal or
remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on or in, or
emanating from, the property, as well as related costs of investigation and
property damage. These laws often impose such liability without regard to
whether the owner knew of the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances.
The presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate these
substances,


                                                                              22

<PAGE>

may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or lease a property or to
borrow using the real property as collateral. Other federal and state laws
require the removal or encapsulation of asbestos-containing material when this
material is in poor condition or in the event of construction, demolition,
remodeling or renovation. Other statutes may require the removal of underground
storage tanks. Noncompliance with these and other environmental, health or
safety requirements may result in the need to cease or alter operations at a
property.

Our customer financing activities are also subject to extensive regulation,
which may include, the Truth-in-Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Fair Housing
Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act
and Regulation B, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E, the Home
Mortgage Disclosure Act and Regulation C, Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices
and Regulation AA, the Patriot Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act and the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.

During the year ended December 31, 2004, approximately 13% of our VOI sales were
generated by marketing to prospective purchasers obtained through internal and
affiliated telemarketing efforts. In addition, approximately16% of our VOI sales
during the year ended December 31, 2004, were generated by marketing to
prospective purchasers obtained from third-party VOI prospect vendors, many of
whom use telemarketing operations to generate these prospects. In recent years,
state regulators have increased legislation and enforcement regarding
telemarketing operations, including requiring the adherence to state "do not
call" lists. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission has implemented national
"do not call" legislation. While we continue to be subject to telemarketing
risks and potential liability, we believe that our exposure to adverse impacts
from this heightened telemarketing legislation and enforcement has been and will
continue to be mitigated in some instances by the use of "permission marketing"
techniques, whereby prospective purchasers have directly or indirectly granted
us permission to contact them in the future, and through our exclusive marketing
agreement with Bass Pro. We have implemented procedures which we believe will
help reduce the possibility that individuals who have formally requested to the
applicable federal or state regulators that they be placed on a "do not call"
list are not contacted through one of our in-house or third-party contracted
telemarketing operations, although there can be no assurance that such
procedures will be effective in ensuring regulatory compliance. These measures
have increased and are expected to continue to increase our marketing costs.
Through December 31, 2004, we have not been subject to any material fines or
penalties as a result of our telemarketing operations. However, there is no
assurance that we will be able to efficiently or effectively market to
prospective purchasers through telemarketing operations in the future or that we
will be able to develop alternative sources of prospective purchasers of our VOI
products at acceptable costs.

Competition

Bluegreen Resorts competes with various high profile and well-established
operators. Many of the world's most recognized lodging, hospitality and
entertainment companies develop and sell VOIs in resort properties. Major
companies that now operate or are developing or planning to develop vacation
ownership resorts include Marriott International, Inc., the Walt Disney Company,
Hilton Hotels Corporation, Hyatt Corporation, Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts,
Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, Inc. and Cendant Corporation. We also
compete with numerous other smaller owners and operators of vacation ownership
resorts. In addition to competing for sales leads and prospects, we compete with
other VOI developers for sales personnel. We believe that each of our vacation
ownership resorts faces the same general competitive conditions. Although, as
noted above, Bluegreen Resorts competes with various high profile and
well-established operators, we believe that we can compete on the basis of our
general reputation; the price, location and quality of our vacation ownership
resorts and the flexibility of our points-based Bluegreen Vacation Club product.
The development and operation of additional vacation ownership resorts by
competitors in our markets could have a material adverse impact on the demand
for our VOIs and our results of operations.

Bluegreen Communities competes with builders, developers and others for the
acquisition of property and with local, regional and national developers,
homebuilders and others with respect to the sale of homesites. Competition may
be generally less intense with respect to our homesite sales in the more rural
markets in which it operates. We believe that each of our Bluegreen Communities
projects faces the same general


                                                                              23

<PAGE>

competitive conditions. We believe that we can compete on the basis of our
reputation and the price, location and quality of the products we offer for
sale, as well as on the basis of our experience in land acquisition, development
and sale.

Our golf courses face competition for business from other operators of daily fee
and, to a lesser extent, private golf courses within the local markets where we
operate. Competition in these markets affects the rates that we charge per round
of golf, the level of maintenance on the golf courses and the types of
additional amenities available to golfers, such as food and beverage operations.
We do not believe that such competitive factors have a material adverse impact
on our results of operations or financial position.

In our customer financing activities, we compete with banks, mortgage companies,
other financial institutions and government agencies offering financing of real
estate. In recent years, we have experienced increased competition with respect
to the financing of Bluegreen Communities sales as evidenced by the low
percentage of homesite sales internally financed since 1995.

Website Access to Exchange Act Reports

We post publicly  available reports required to be filed with the SEC ("Exchange
Act  Reports") on our website,  www.bluegreenonline.com,  as soon as  reasonably
practicable  after filing such  reports with the SEC. We also make  available on
our website the  beneficial  ownership  reports  (Forms 3, 4 and 5) filed by our
officers,  directors  and  other  reporting  persons  under  Section  16 of  the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934 (the  "Exchange  Act").  Our  website  and the
information  contained  therein or connected  thereto are not incorporated  into
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports,  proxy and information
statements,  and other information  regarding  issuers that file  electronically
with the SEC. The website address for this site is www.sec.gov.

Personnel

As of December 31, 2004, we had 4,076 employees. Of the 4,076 employees, 477
were located at our headquarters in Boca Raton, Florida, and 3,599 in regional
field offices throughout the United States and Aruba (the field personnel
include 368 field employees supporting Bluegreen Communities and 3,231 field
employees supporting Bluegreen Resorts). Only our employees in Aruba are
represented by a collective bargaining unit, and we believe that our relations
with our employees are generally good.


                                                                              24

<PAGE>

Executive Officers

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive
officers as of March 11, 2005.

          Name              Age                    Position
-------------------------   ---   -----------------------------------------

George F. Donovan........    66   President and Chief Executive Officer

John F. Chiste...........    48   Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                  Officer and Treasurer

Daniel C. Koscher........    47   Senior Vice President -- President,
                                  Bluegreen Communities

John M. Maloney, Jr......    43   Senior Vice President -- President,
                                  Bluegreen Resorts

Sheila B. Beauchesne.....    40   Senior Vice President and Chief
                                  Information Officer

Allan J. Herz............    45   Senior Vice President, Mortgage
                                  Operations

Douglas O. Kinsey........    46   Senior Vice President, Acquisitions
                                  and Development

James R. Martin..........    57   Senior Vice President and General Counsel
                                  and Clerk

Susan J. Milanese........    45   Senior Vice President and Chief Human
                                  Resources Officer

Anthony M. Puleo.........    37   Senior Vice President and Chief
                                  Accounting Officer

George F. Donovan joined us as a Director in 1991 and was appointed President
and Chief Operating Officer in October 1993. He became Chief Executive Officer
in December 1993. Mr. Donovan has served as an officer of a number of other
recreational real estate corporations, including Leisure Management
International, of which he was President from 1991 to 1993, and Fairfield
Communities, Inc., of which he was President from April 1979 to December 1985.
Mr. Donovan holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and is a Registered Resort
Professional.

John F. Chiste joined us in 1997 as Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. In
1998, Mr. Chiste was also named Senior Vice President. From January 1997 to June
1997, Mr. Chiste was the Chief Financial Officer of Compscript, Inc., an entity
that provides institutional pharmacy services to long-term health care
facilities. From December 1992 to January 1997, he served as the Chief Financial
Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Computer Integration Corporation, a
publicly-held distribution company that provides information products and
services to corporations nationwide. From 1983 through 1992, Mr. Chiste held
various positions with Ernst & Young LLP, most recently serving as a Senior
Manager. Mr. Chiste holds a B.B.A. in Accounting and is a Certified Public
Accountant.

Daniel C. Koscher joined us in 1986. During his tenure, he has served in various
financial management positions including Chief Accounting Officer and Vice
President and Director of Planning/Budgeting. In 1996, he became Senior Vice
President -- President, Bluegreen Communities. Prior to his employment


                                                                              25

<PAGE>

with us, Mr. Koscher was employed by the William Carter Company, a manufacturing
company located in Needham, Massachusetts. He has also been employed by Cipher
Data Products, Inc., a computer peripheral manufacturer located in San Diego,
California, as well as the State of Nevada as an audit agent. Mr. Koscher holds
an M.B.A. along with a B.B.A. in Accounting and is a Registered Resort
Professional.

John M. Maloney, Jr. joined us in 2001 as Senior Vice President of Operations
and Business Development for Bluegreen Resorts. In May 2002, Mr. Maloney was
named our Senior Vice President and President of Bluegreen Resorts. From 1997 to
2000, Mr. Maloney served in various positions with ClubCorp, most recently as
the Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the Owners Club by
ClubCorp. From 1994 to 1997, Mr. Maloney held various positions with Hilton
Grand Vacations Company, most recently as the Director of Sales and Marketing
for the South Florida area.

Sheila B. Beauchesne joined us in 2004 as Senior Vice President and Chief
Information Officer. From 1997 to 1999, Ms. Beauchesne served as Vice President
of Information Technology for the North American Rental Group of AutoNation,
Inc., a publicly held automobile retailer. From 1999 to 2003, Ms. Beauchesne was
the Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Martha Stewart Living
Omnimedia, Inc., a publicly held, integrated content and commerce company that
creates "how-to" content and domestic merchandise for homemakers and other
consumers. Ms. Beauchesne holds a B.S. in Computer Science.

Allan J. Herz joined us in 1992 and was named Director of Mortgage Operations in
September 1992. Mr. Herz was elected Vice President in 1993 and Senior Vice
President in 2004. From 1982 to 1992, Mr. Herz worked for AmeriFirst Federal
Savings Bank based in Miami, Florida. During his 10-year tenure with the bank,
he held various lending positions, the most recent being Division Vice President
in Consumer Lending. Mr. Herz holds a B.B.A. in Finance and Management and an
M.B.A.

Douglas O. Kinsey joined us in 2003 as Senior Vice President, Acquisitions and
Development. From 1997 to 2003, Mr. Kinsey served as Senior Vice President of
Real Estate Acquisitions for Fairfield Resorts, a vacation ownership resort
developer that was publicly-traded until its acquisition by another publicly
held company, Cendant Corporation. Mr. Kinsey holds a B.S.B.A. in finance.

James R. Martin joined us in 2004 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Clerk. Prior to joining us, Mr. Martin was a partner with the law firm of Baker
& Hostetler LLP since 1985, focusing his practice on real estate, resort
development, vacation ownership, federal and state regulatory matters and
commercial and consumer law. Mr. Martin holds a B.A. and a Juris Doctorate.

Susan J. Milanese joined us in 1988. During her tenure, she has held various
management positions with us including Assistant to the Chief Financial Officer,
Divisional Controller and Director of Accounting. In 1995, she was elected Vice
President and Director of Human Resources and Administration. In 2004, Ms.
Milanese was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer.
From 1983 to 1988, Ms. Milanese was employed by General Electric Company in
various financial management positions including the corporate audit staff. Ms.
Milanese holds a Masters of Science in Human Resource Management and a B.B.A. in
Accounting.

Anthony M. Puleo joined us in 1997 as Chief Accounting Officer. In 1998, Mr.
Puleo was elected Vice President and he was elected Senior Vice President in
2004. From December 1990 through October 1997, Mr. Puleo held various positions
with Ernst & Young LLP, most recently serving as a Senior Manager in the
Assurance and Advisory Business Services group. Mr. Puleo holds a B.B.A. in
Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Our by-laws provide that, except as otherwise provided by law or our charter and
by-laws,  the  President,  Treasurer  and the Clerk hold office  until the first
meeting  of the  Board  of  Directors  following  the  next  annual  meeting  of
shareholders and until their respective  successors are chosen and qualified and
that all other officers hold office for the same period unless a shorter time is
specified in the vote appointing such officer or officers.


                                                                              26

<PAGE>

Item 2. PROPERTIES.

Our principal executive office is located in Boca Raton, Florida in
approximately 102,000 square feet of leased space. On December 31, 2004, we also
maintained regional sales offices in the Northeastern, Mid-Atlantic,
Southeastern, Midwestern, Southwestern and Western regions of the United States
as well as the island of Aruba. For a further description of our resort and
communities properties, please see "Item 1. Business--Company Products."

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

In the ordinary course of our business, we become subject to claims or
proceedings from time to time relating to the purchase, subdivision, marketing,
sale or financing of real estate. Additionally, from time to time, we become
involved in disputes with existing and former employees. We believe that these
claims are routine litigation incidental to our business and the resolution of
these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial
position or results of operations.

Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

     None.

                                     PART II

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
        STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and the
Archipelago Stock Exchange (formerly known as the Pacific Stock Exchange) under
the symbol "BXG". The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the
high and low closing price of our common stock as reported on the NYSE:

                     Price Range                          Price Range
                    -------------                       ---------------
                     High    Low                         High     Low
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
The Year Ended                      The Year Ended
December 31, 2003                   December 31, 2004
-----------------                   -----------------
First Quarter       $3.70   $3.36   First Quarter       $12.96   $ 6.25
Second Quarter       4.93    3.45   Second Quarter       13.99    10.28
Third Quarter        6.08    4.66   Third Quarter        13.77     9.61
Fourth Quarter       7.07    5.54   Fourth Quarter       20.07    10.48

There were approximately 1,020 record holders of our common stock as of March
11, 2005. The number of record holders does not reflect the number of persons or
entities holding their stock in "street" name through brokerage firms or other
entities.

We did not pay any cash or stock dividends during the year ended December 31,
2003, or the year ended December 31, 2004. Our Board of Directors has discussed
the possibility of paying cash dividends at some point in the future. However,
any decision by our Board to pay dividends will be based on our cash position,
operating and capital needs and the restrictions discussed below, and there is
no assurance that we will pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Restrictions contained in the Indenture related to our $110 million 10 1/2%
Senior Secured Notes due 2008 issued in April 1998 restrict, and the terms of
certain of our credit facilities may, in certain instances, limit the payment of
cash dividends on our common stock and restrict our ability to repurchase
shares.

From time to time, our Board of Directors has adopted and publicly announced a
share repurchase program. Repurchases under such programs are subject to the
price of our stock, prevailing market conditions, our financial condition and
available resources, other investment alternatives and other factors. We are not
required to seek shareholder approval of share repurchase programs, have not
done so in the past, and do


                                                                              27

<PAGE>

not anticipate doing so in the future, except to the extent we may be required
to do so under applicable law. We have not repurchased any shares since the
fiscal year ended April 1, 2001. As of December 31, 2004, there were 694,500
shares remaining for purchase under our current repurchase program; however, we
have no present intention of acquiring these remaining shares in the foreseeable
future.

Our shareholders have approved all of our equity compensation plans, which
consist of our 1995 Stock Incentive Plan, our 1988 Outside Directors' Stock
Option Plan and our 1998 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. Information
about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as
of December 31, 2004, is as follows (in thousands, except per option data):

                                               Number of Securities Remaining
Number of Securities to    Weighted-Average    Available for Future Issuance
be Issued Upon Exercise   Exercise Price of   Under Equity Compensation Plans
  of Outstanding Stock    Outstanding Stock     (Excluding Outstanding Stock
        Options                Options                    Options)
-----------------------   -----------------   -------------------------------
         1,645                  $5.29                       781

Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

The selected consolidated financial data set forth below should be read in
conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, related notes, and other
financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report (dollars in
thousands, except per share data).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             As of or for
                                                                  the
                                    As of or for the Years    Nine Months      As of or for the Years
                                            Ended                Ended                 Ended
                                    ----------------------   ------------   ---------------------------
                                     April 1,   March 31,    December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                       2001        2002          2002           2003           2004
                                     --------   ---------    ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                  <C>         <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
Income Statement Data
Sales of real estate.............    $229,874    $240,628      $222,655       $358,312       $502,396
Other resort and communities
   operations revenues...........      24,649      25,470        27,048         55,394         69,032
Interest income..................      17,317      15,447        12,235         17,536         21,583
Gain on sales of notes
   receivable....................       3,281       6,280        10,035          6,563          8,612
Other income.....................          --          --            --            649             --
                                     --------    --------      --------       --------       --------
Total revenues...................     275,121     287,825       271,973        438,454        601,623
Income before income taxes,
   minority interest and
   cumulative effect of change
   in accounting principle(1)....       3,002      19,482        24,671         45,325         63,341
Income before cumulative
   effect of change in
   accounting principle(1).......       2,717      11,732        15,376         25,827         36,455
Net income.......................       2,717      11,732         9,797         25,827         36,455
Earnings per share before
   cumulative effect of change in
   accounting principle (1):
   Basic.........................        0.11        0.48          0.63           1.05           1.39
   Diluted.......................        0.11        0.46          0.58           0.94           1.23
Earnings per common share:
   Basic.........................        0.11        0.48          0.40           1.05           1.39
   Diluted.......................        0.11        0.46          0.39           0.94           1.23
</TABLE>


                                                                              28

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           As of or for
                                                                the
                                  As of or for the Years    Nine Months      As of or for the Years
                                          Ended                Ended                 Ended
                                  ----------------------   ------------   ---------------------------
                                   April 1,   March 31,    December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                     2001        2002          2002           2003           2004
                                   --------   ---------    ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                <C>         <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
Balance Sheet Data
Notes receivable, net..........      74,796      55,648        61,795         94,194        121,949
Inventory, net.................     193,634     187,688       173,131        219,890        205,213
Total assets...................     405,177     416,366       425,272        551,022        634,809
Shareholders' equity...........     136,790     149,656       158,283        186,880        264,867
Book value per common share....        5.65        6.16          6.44           7.49           8.76

Selected Operating Data
Weighted-average interest
   rate on notes receivable at
   period end..................          15%         15%           14%            14%            14%
Bluegreen Resorts statistics:
   VOI sales...................    $140,975    $144,226      $144,026       $253,939       $310,596
   Gross margin on VOI sales...          78%         77%           75%            80%            76%
   Selling, general and
      administrative expenses
      as a percentage of VOI
      sales (1)................          71%         65%           64%            59%            58%
   Field Operating Profit (2)..    $  9,724    $ 19,729      $ 17,218       $ 49,514       $ 52,550
   Number of resorts at period
      end......................          11          12            13             17             18
   Number of VOI sale
      transactions(3)..........      16,240      16,414        16,347         26,839         31,574
Bluegreen Communities
   Statistics:
   Homesite sales..............    $ 88,899    $ 96,402      $ 78,629       $104,373       $191,800
   Gross margin on homesite
      sales....................          46%         45%           46%            45%            45%
   Selling, general and
      administrative expenses
      as a percentage of
      homesite sales...........          30%         28%           28%            32%            25%
   Field Operating
      Profit (2)...............    $ 12,991    $ 15,415      $ 13,570       $ 12,580       $ 37,722
   Number of homesites
      sold (3).................       1,614       1,640         1,242          1,962          2,765
</TABLE>

----------
(1)  Effective April 1, 2002, we elected to change our accounting policy to
     expense previously deferred costs of generating VOI tours through
     telemarketing programs. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
     Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 1 of the Notes to
     Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.


                                                                              29

<PAGE>

(2)  Field Operating Profit is operating profit prior to the allocation of
     corporate overhead, interest income, gain on sales of notes receivable,
     other income, provision for loan losses, interest expense, income taxes,
     minority interest and cumulative effect of change in accounting principles.
     See Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further
     information.

(3)  "Number of VOI sale transactions" and "number of homesites sold" include
     those sales made during the applicable period where recognition of revenue
     is deferred under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. See
     "Revenue Recognition and Contracts Receivable" under Note 1 of the Notes to
     Consolidated Financial Statements.

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
     OF OPERATIONS.

Certain Definitions, Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
and Risk Factors

The following discussion of our results of operations and financial condition
should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and
related Notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual
Report. Unless otherwise indicated in this discussion (and throughout this
Annual Report), references to "real estate" and to "inventories" collectively
encompass the inventories held for sale by Bluegreen Resorts and Bluegreen
Communities.

We desire to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private
Securities Reform Act of 1995 (the "Act") and are making the following
statements pursuant to the Act to do so. Certain statements in this Annual
Report and our other filings with the SEC constitute "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act. You may identify these statements by forward-looking
words such as "may," "intend," "expect," "anticipate," "believe" "will,"
"should," "project," "estimate," "plan" or other comparable terminology or by
other statements that do not relate to historical facts. All statements, trend
analyses and other information relative to the market for our products,
remaining life of project sales, our expected future sales, financial position,
operating results, liquidity and capital resources, our business strategy,
financial plan and expected capital requirements as well as trends in our
operations or results are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of
which are beyond our control, including changes in economic conditions,
generally, in areas where we operate, or in the travel and tourism industry,
increases in interest rates, changes in regulations and other factors discussed
throughout our SEC filings, all of which could cause our actual results,
performance or achievements, or industry trends, to differ materially from any
future results, performance, or achievements or trends expressed or implied
herein. Given these uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements and no assurance can be given that
the plans, estimates and expectations reflected herein will be achieved. Factors
that could adversely affect our future results can also be considered general
"risk factors" with respect to our business, whether or not they relate to a
forward-looking statement. We wish to caution you that the important factors set
forth below and elsewhere in this report in some cases have affected, and in the
future could affect, our actual results and could cause our actual consolidated
results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements.

Our continued liquidity depends on our ability to sell or borrow against our
notes receivable.

We offer financing of up to 90% of the purchase price to purchasers of VOIs and
homesites. Approximately 99% of our VOI customers and 2% of our homesite
customers utilized our in-house financing during the year ended December 31,
2004. However, we incur selling, marketing and administrative cash expenditures
prior to and concurrent with the sale. These costs generally exceed the
downpayment we receive at the time of the sale. Accordingly, our ability to
borrow against or sell the notes receivable we receive from our customers is a
critical factor in our continued liquidity. We generally pledge the receivables
arising from our sales of VOIs to institutional lenders. We are also a party to
a number of


                                                                              30

<PAGE>

customary securitization-type transactions under which we sell receivables to a
wholly-owned special purpose entity which, in turn, sells the receivables either
directly to third parties or to a trust established for the transaction. If our
pledged receivables facilities terminate or expire and we are unable to replace
them with comparable facilities, or if we are unable to continue in our
participation in securitizations on the terms currently available to us, our
liquidity and cash flow would be materially and adversely affected. If any of
our current facilities terminate or expire, there is no assurance that we will
be able to negotiate the pledge or sale of such customer notes at favorable
rates, or at all.

We depend on additional funding to finance our operations.

We anticipate that we will finance our future business activities, in whole or
in part, with indebtedness that we obtain pursuant to additional borrowings
under our existing credit facilities, under credit facilities that we may obtain
in the future or under securitizations in which we may participate in the
future. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain sufficient
external sources of liquidity on attractive terms, or at all. Moreover, we are,
and will be, required to seek external sources of liquidity to:

     o    support our operations;

     o    finance the acquisition and development of VOI inventory and
          residential land;

     o    finance a substantial percentage of our sales; and

     o    satisfy our debt and other obligations.

Our ability to service or to refinance our indebtedness or to obtain additional
financing (including our ability to consummate future notes receivable
securitizations) depends on our future performance, which is subject to a number
of factors, including our business, results of operations, leverage, financial
condition and business prospects, prevailing interest rates, general economic
conditions and perceptions about the residential land and vacation ownership
industries.

Our success depends on our ability to market our products efficiently.

We compete for customers with other hotel and resort properties and vacation
ownership resorts. Accordingly, the identification of sales prospects and leads,
and the marketing of our products to them are essential to our success. We have
expended and expect to continue to expend significant amounts of our resources
to identify and capitalize on future customers and upgrade opportunities. Among
our marketing initiatives, we utilize our proprietary computer software system
to identify and target leads. The leads we identify are then contacted and given
the opportunity to purchase mini-vacation packages which may sometimes combine
hotel stays, cruises and gift premiums. Buyers of these mini-vacation packages
are then usually required to participate in a vacation ownership sales
presentation. We have incurred and will incur the expenses associated with these
and our other marketing programs in advance of closing sales to the leads that
we identify. If our lead identification and marketing efforts do not yield
enough leads that we are able successfully to convert to a sufficient number of
sales, we may be unable to recover the value of our investment in our marketing
programs and systems and our business may be adversely effected.

We would incur substantial losses if the customers we finance default on their
obligations to pay the balance of the purchase price.

Under the terms of our pledged receivables facilities, we may be required, under
certain circumstances, to replace receivables or to pay down the loan to within
permitted loan to value ratios if our pledged receivables reach certain levels
of delinquency. Additionally, the terms of our securitization-type transactions
require us to repurchase or replace loans if we breach any of the
representations and warranties we made at the time we sold the receivables.
Further, if defaults and other performance criteria differ from estimates used
to value our retained interests in notes receivable sold in the securitization
transactions, we may be required to write down these assets, which could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations. As servicer of the notes,
we may also be required to advance delinquent payments to the extent


                                                                              31

<PAGE>

we deem them recoverable. Accordingly, we bear some risks of delinquencies and
defaults by buyers who finance the purchase of their VOIs or residential land
through us, regardless of whether or not we sell or pledge the customer's loan
to a third party.

As of December 31, 2004, approximately 7% of our vacation ownership receivables
and approximately 20% of residential land receivables which we held or which
third parties held under sales transactions which are serviced by us were more
than 30 days past due. Although in many cases we may have recourse against a
buyer for the unpaid purchase price, certain states have laws that limit our
ability to recover personal judgments against customers who have defaulted on
their loans or the cost of doing so may not be justified. Historically, we have
generally not exercised such recourse against our customers. If we are unable to
collect the defaulted amount or to obtain a voluntary quitclaim to the interest,
if applicable, we will be required to foreclose on or otherwise seek recovery of
the customer's collateral and then remarket the recovered property. Irrespective
of our remedy in the event of a default, we cannot recover the marketing,
selling, and administrative costs associated with the original sale and we would
have to incur such costs again to resell the VOI or homesite.

We are subject to the risks of the real estate market and the risks associated
with real estate development, including the risks and uncertainties relating to
the cost and availability of land and construction materials.

Real estate markets are cyclical in nature and highly sensitive to changes in
national and regional economic conditions, including:

     o    levels of unemployment;

     o    levels of discretionary disposable income;

     o    levels of consumer confidence;

     o    the availability of financing;

     o    overbuilding or decreases in demand;

     o    interest rates; and

     o    our ability to identify and enter into agreements with strategic
          marketing partners.

A downturn in the economy in general or in the market for residential land or
VOIs could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In addition, the availability of land at favorable prices for the development of
our Bluegreen Resorts and Bluegreen Communities real estate projects is critical
to having adequate inventory to sustain our sales volume and maintain an
adequate gross profit on our sales to cover our significant selling, general and
administrative expenses, cost of capital and other expenses in order to generate
favorable results of operations. Land prices increased significantly in 2004 and
the availability of Florida properties was extremely limited. If we were unable
to acquire such land or, in the case of Bluegreen Resorts, resort properties at
a favorable cost, it could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

Another factor impacting the profitability of our real estate development
activities is the cost of construction materials and services. Should the cost
of construction materials and services rise, as recent trends have indicated,
the ultimate cost of our Bluegreen Resorts and Bluegreen Communities inventories
under development could increase and have a material, adverse impact on our
results of operations.


                                                                              32

<PAGE>

We may not successfully execute our growth strategy.

A principal component of our growth strategy is to acquire additional real
estate for the development of VOIs or completed VOIs. We seek to acquire
properties in destinations that we believe will complement our existing
operations. In addition, we have to continually acquire additional real estate
for Bluegreen Communities to develop and sell. Our ability to execute this
growth strategy will depend upon a number of factors, including the following:

     o    the availability of attractive real estate opportunities;

     o    our ability to acquire properties for such development opportunities
          on economically feasible terms;

     o    our ability to market and sell VOIs at newly developed or acquired
          resorts;

     o    our ability to manage newly developed or acquired resorts in a manner
          that results in customer satisfaction; and

     o    our ability to develop, market and sell acquired real estate for
          Bluegreen Communities in a manner that results in customer
          satisfaction.

In particular, the success of our Bluegreen Vacation Club will depend upon our
ability to continue to acquire and develop a sufficient number of participating
resorts to make membership interests attractive to consumers and to permit the
continued growth of our vacation club's membership. There is no assurance that
we will be successful with respect to any or all of these factors.

We may face a variety of risks when we expand our operations.

Our growth strategy includes the expansion of the number of our resorts. Risks
associated with such expansion include the following:

     o    construction costs may exceed original estimates;

     o    we may be unable to complete construction, conversion or required
          legal registrations and approvals as scheduled;

     o    we may be unable to control the timing, quality and completion of any
          construction activity;

     o    our quarterly results may fluctuate due to an increase or decrease in
          the number of residential land or VOI projects subject to "percentage
          of completion accounting," which requires that we recognize profit on
          projects on a pro rata basis as development is completed;

     o    market demand may not be present; and

     o    the value of our inventories may decline.

Any of the foregoing could make any expansion less profitable. There is no
assurance that we will complete all of our planned expansion of our properties
or, if completed, that such expansion will be profitable.

Moreover, to successfully implement our growth strategy, we must integrate the
newly acquired or developed properties into our existing sales and marketing
programs. During the start-up phase of a new resort or residential community
project, we could experience lower operating margins at that project until its
operations mature. The lower margins could be substantial and could negatively
impact our cash flow. We cannot provide assurance that we will maintain or
improve our operating margins as our projects achieve maturity and our new
resorts and communities may reduce our overall operating margins.


                                                                              33

<PAGE>

Excessive claims for development-related defects could adversely affect our
financial condition and operating results.

We engage third-party contractors to construct our resorts and to develop our
communities. However, our customers may assert claims against us for
construction defects or other perceived development defects, including
structural integrity, the presence of mold as a result of leaks or other
defects, asbestos, electrical issues, plumbing issues, road construction, water
and sewer defects, etc. In addition, certain state and local laws may impose
liability on property developers with respect to development defects discovered
in the future. A significant number of claims for development-related defects
could adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition, and operating
results.

We may face additional risks as we expand into new markets.

We currently intend to acquire real estate for the development of VOIs or
completed VOIs for Bluegreen Resorts both in the geographic areas where
Bluegreen Resorts currently operates and in other areas. Bluegreen Communities
intends to acquire real estate in the geographic areas where it currently
operates as well as other areas where we anticipate successful sales of
homesites in residential communities. Our prior success in the markets in which
we currently operate does not ensure our continued success as we acquire,
develop or operate future projects in new markets. Accordingly, in connection
with expansion into new markets, we may be exposed to a number of additional
risks, including the following:

     o    our lack of familiarity and understanding of local consumer
          preferences;

     o    our inability to attract, hire, train, and retain additional sales,
          marketing, and resort staff at competitive costs;

     o    our inability to obtain, or to obtain in a timely manner, necessary
          permits and approvals from state and local government agencies and
          qualified construction services at acceptable costs;

     o    our inability to capitalize on new marketing relationships and
          development agreements; and

     o    the uncertainty involved in, and additional costs associated with,
          marketing VOIs and homesites prior to completion of marketed units.

Bluegreen Communities primarily depends on third party lenders to finance the
purchase of homesites as the majority of our residential land sales are
currently financed by customers through local banks and finance companies. A
decrease in the willingness of such lenders to extend financing to our customers
could cause a decline in our sales or require material additional credit
facilities in order to enable us to provide financing to our customers.

The limited resale market for VOIs could adversely affect our business.

Based on our experience at our resorts and at destination resorts owned by third
parties, we believe that resales of VOIs generally are made at net sales prices
below their original customer purchase price. The relatively lower sales price
is partly attributable to the high marketing and sales costs associated with the
initial sales of such VOIs. Accordingly, the initial purchase of a VOI may be
less attractive to prospective buyers. Also, buyers who seek to resell their
VOIs compete with our efforts to sell our VOIs. While VOI resale clearing houses
or brokers currently do not have a material impact on our business, if a
secondary market for VOIs were to become more organized and liquid, the
resulting availability of resale VOIs at lower prices could adversely affect our
prices and the number of sales we can close, which in turn would adversely
affect our business and results of operations.


                                                                              34

<PAGE>

Extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations affect the way we
conduct our business.

The federal government and the states and local jurisdictions in which we
conduct business have enacted extensive regulations that affect the manner in
which we market and sell VOIs and homesites and conduct our other business
operations. In addition, many states have adopted specific laws and regulations
regarding the sale of VOIs and homesites. These laws and regulations require us,
among other things, to obtain and file numerous documents and supporting
information with the responsible state agency to obtain the agency's approval
for an offering statement that describes all material aspects of the sale of
VOIs, and to deliver an offering statement or public report, together with
certain additional information concerning the terms of the purchase, to all
prospective purchasers of a VOI.

Most states also have other laws that regulate our activities, such as:

     o    real estate licensure laws;

     o    sellers of travel licensure laws;

     o    anti-fraud laws;

     o    consumer protection laws;

     o    telemarketing laws;

     o    prize, gift, and sweepstakes laws and

     o    consumer credit laws.

We currently are authorized to market and sell VOIs and homesites in all states
in which our operations are currently conducted. If our agents or employees
violate applicable regulations or licensing requirements, their acts or
omissions could cause the states where the violations occurred to revoke or
refuse to renew our licenses, which could materially and adversely affect our
business.

In addition, the federal government and the states and local jurisdictions in
which we conduct business have enacted extensive regulations relating to direct
marketing and telemarketing generally, including the federal government's
national "Do Not Call" list. The regulations have impacted our marketing of VOIs
and we have taken steps in an attempt to decrease our dependence on restricted
calls. However, these steps have increased and are expected to continue to
increase our marketing costs. We cannot predict the impact that these
legislative initiatives or any other legislative measures that may be proposed
or enacted now or in the future may have on our marketing strategies and
results.

We believe we are in material compliance with applicable federal, state, and
local laws and regulations relating to the sale and marketing of VOIs and
homesites. From time to time, however, consumers file complaints against us in
the ordinary course of our business. We could be required to incur significant
costs to resolve these complaints. There is no assurance that we will remain in
material compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and
regulations, or that violations of applicable laws will not have adverse
implications for us, including, negative public relations, potential litigation,
and regulatory sanctions. The expense, negative publicity, and potential
sanctions associated with any failure to comply with applicable laws or
regulations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
liquidity or financial position.

Environmental liabilities, including claims with respect to mold or hazardous or
toxic substances, could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, as well
as common law, we may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of
certain hazardous or toxic substances, including mold,


                                                                              35

<PAGE>

located on, in, or emanating from property that we own, lease, or operate, as
well as related costs of investigation and property damage at such property.
These laws often impose liability without regard to whether we knew of, or were
responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The presence
of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may
adversely affect our ability to sell or lease our property or to borrow money
using such real property as collateral. Noncompliance with environmental, health
or safety requirements may require us to cease or alter operations at one or
more of our properties. Further, we may be subject to common law claims by third
parties based on damages and costs resulting from violations of environmental
regulations or from contamination associated with one or more of our properties.

We could incur costs to comply with laws governing accessibility of facilities
by disabled persons.

A number of state and federal laws, including the Fair Housing Act and the
Americans with Disabilities Act, impose requirements related to access and use
by disabled persons of a variety of public accommodations and facilities.
Although we believe our resorts are substantially in compliance with laws
governing accessibility by disabled persons, we may incur additional costs to
comply with such laws at our existing or subsequently acquired resorts.
Additional federal, state, and local legislation with respect to access by
disabled persons may impose further burdens or restrictions on us. We cannot
forecast the ultimate cost of compliance with such legislation, but such costs
could be substantial and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.

Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted if
our estimates concerning our notes receivable are incorrect.

A portion of our revenues historically has been and is expected to continue to
be comprised of gains on sales of notes receivable. The amount of any gains
recognized and the fair value of the retained interests recorded are based in
part on management's best estimates of future prepayment, default and loss
severity rates, discount rates and other considerations in light of then-current
conditions. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected if:

     o    actual prepayments with respect to loans sold occur more quickly than
          was projected;

     o    actual defaults and/or loss severity rates with respect to loans sold
          are greater than estimated; or

     o    the portfolio of receivables sold fails to satisfy specified
          performance criteria or in certain other circumstances.

In any of these events, the cash flow on the retained interests in notes
receivable sold could be reduced until the outside investors were paid or the
regular payment formula was resumed. If these situations were to occur, it could
cause a decline in the fair value of the retained interests and a charge to
earnings currently.

Executive Overview

We operate through two business segments. Bluegreen Resorts develops, markets
and sells VOIs in our Bluegreen Vacation Club resorts, and provides resort
management services to resort property owners associations. Bluegreen
Communities acquires large tracts of real estate, which are subdivided, improved
(in some cases to include a golf course on the property) and sold, typically on
a retail basis, as homesites.

We have historically experienced and expect to continue to experience seasonal
fluctuations in our gross revenues and net earnings. This seasonality may cause
significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, with the majority
of our gross revenues and net earnings historically occurring in the quarters
ending in June and September each year. Other material fluctuations in operating
results may occur due to the timing of development and the requirement that we
use the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. Under this method of
income recognition, income is recognized as work progresses. Measures of
progress are based on the relationship of costs incurred to date to expected
total costs. We expect that we will continue to invest in projects that will
require substantial development (with significant capital


                                                                              36

<PAGE>

requirements), and hence that our results of operations may fluctuate
significantly between quarterly and annual periods as a result of the required
use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting.

We do not believe that inflation and changing prices currently have had or will
have for the foreseeable future a material impact on our revenues and results of
operations, other than to the extent that we continually review and have
historically increased the sales prices of our VOIs annually and that
construction costs have and are expected to continue to increase. There is no
assurance that we will be able to continue to increase our sales prices or that
increased construction costs will not have a material adverse impact on our
results of operations. To the extent inflationary trends affect interest rates,
a portion of our debt service costs and pricing on our receivable sales
transactions may be adversely affected.

We recognize revenue on homesite and VOI sales when a minimum of 10% of the
sales price has been received in cash, the refund or rescission period has
expired, collectibility of the receivable representing the remainder of the
sales price is reasonably assured and we have completed substantially all of our
obligations with respect to any development of the real estate sold. In cases
where we otherwise meet the revenue recognition criteria previously noted but
all development has not been completed, we recognize revenue in accordance with
the percentage-of-completion method of accounting.

Costs associated with the acquisition and development of vacation ownership
resorts and residential communities, including carrying costs such as interest
and taxes, are capitalized as inventory and are allocated to cost of real estate
sold as the respective revenues are recognized.

A portion of our revenues historically has been and is expected to continue to
be comprised of gains on sales of notes receivable. The gains are recorded on
our consolidated statements of income and the related retained interests in the
notes receivable sold are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at the
time of sale. The amount of gains recognized and the fair value of the retained
interests recorded are based in part on management's best estimates of future
prepayment, default rates, loss severity rates, discount rates and other
considerations in light of then-current conditions. If actual prepayments with
respect to loans occur more quickly than we projected at the time such loans
were sold, as can occur when interest rates decline, interest would be less than
expected and may cause a decline in the fair value of the retained interests and
a charge to operations. If actual defaults or other factors discussed above with
respect to loans sold are greater than estimated, charge-offs would exceed
previously estimated amounts and the cash flow from the retained interests in
notes receivable sold would decrease. Also, to the extent the portfolio of
receivables sold fails to satisfy specified performance criteria (as may occur
due to, for example, an increase in default rates or loan loss severity) or
certain other events occur, the funds received from obligors must be distributed
on an accelerated basis to investors. If the accelerated payment formula were to
become applicable, the cash flow to us from the retained interests in notes
receivable sold would be reduced until the outside investors were paid or the
regular payment formula was resumed. If these situations were to occur on a
material basis, it could cause a decline in the fair value of the retained
interests and a charge to earnings currently. There is no assurance that the
carrying value of our retained interests in notes receivable sold will be fully
realized or that future loan sales will be consummated or, if consummated,
result in gains. See "Vacation Ownership Receivables Purchase Facilities - Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements," below.

We are spending a substantial amount of management time and resources to comply
with changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance
and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new Securities
and Exchange Commission regulations and New York Stock Exchange rules. In
particular, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires management's
annual review and evaluation of our internal control systems, and attestations
as to the effectiveness of these systems by our independent registered
accounting firm. Included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are a report of our
management on the effectiveness of internal controls and an attestation report
of our independent auditors with respect thereto. However, we expect to continue
to expend significant management time and resources documenting, and testing our
internal control systems and procedures. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of
our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended
from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an
ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting
in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Failure


                                                                              37

<PAGE>

to maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material
adverse effect on the market price of our stock.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are
based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The
preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of commitments and contingencies. On an
ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those that relate
to the recognition of revenue, including revenue recognition under the
percentage-of-completion method of accounting; our reserve for loan losses; the
valuation of retained interests in notes receivable sold and the related gains
on sales of notes receivable; the recovery of the carrying value of real estate
inventories, golf courses, intangible assets and other assets; and the estimate
of contingent liabilities related to litigation and other claims and
assessments. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under
different assumptions and conditions. If actual results significantly differ
from management's estimates, our results of operations and financial condition
could be materially adversely impacted.

We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more
significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements:

     o    Revenue Recognition and InventoryCost Allocation. In accordance with
          the requirements of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
          ("SFAS") No. 66, "Accounting for Sales of Real Estate," we recognize
          revenue on VOI and homesite sales when a minimum of 10% of the sales
          price has been received in cash, the legal rescission period has
          expired, collectibility of the receivable representing the remainder
          of the sales price is reasonably assured and we have completed
          substantially all of our obligations with respect to any development
          related to the real estate sold. We believe that we use a reasonably
          reliable methodology to estimate the collectibility of the receivables
          representing the remainder of the sales price of real estate sold. See
          the further discussion of our policies regarding the estimation of
          credit losses on our notes receivable, below. Should our estimates
          regarding the collectibility of our receivables change adversely, we
          may have to defer the recognition of sales and our results of
          operations could be negatively impacted.

          In cases where all development has not been completed, we recognize
          revenue in accordance with the percentage-of-completion method of
          accounting. Should our estimates of the total anticipated cost of
          completing of our Bluegreen Resorts' or Bluegreen Communities'
          projects increase, we may be required to defer a greater amount of
          revenue or may be required to defer revenue for a longer period of
          time, and thus our results of operations could be materially,
          adversely impacted.

          In accordance with SFAS No. 67, "Accounting for Costs and Initial
          Rental Operations of Real Estate Projects," the capitalized costs of
          our real estate projects are assigned to individual VOIs or homesites
          in the projects based on the relative estimated sales value of each
          VOI or homesite. Should our estimates of the sales values of our VOI
          and homesite inventories differ materially from their ultimate selling
          prices, our gross profit could be adversely impacted.

     o    Allowance For Loan Losses. We estimate credit losses on our notes
          receivable portfolios in accordance with SFAS No. 5, "Accounting for
          Contingencies," as our notes receivable portfolios consist of a large
          group of smaller-balance, homogeneous loans. Consistent with Staff
          Accounting Bulletin No. 102, "Selected Loan Loss Allowance Methodology
          and Documentation Issues," we first segment our notes receivable by
          identifying risk characteristics that are common to groups of loans
          and then estimate credit losses based on the risks associated with
          these segments. We consider many factors when establishing and
          evaluating the adequacy of our reserve for loan losses. These


                                                                              38
<PAGE>

          factors include recent and historical default rates, static pool
          analyses, current delinquency rates, contractual payment terms, loss
          severity rates along with present and expected economic conditions. We
          review these factors and measure loan impairment by applying
          historical loss rates, adjusted for relevant environmental and
          collateral values, to the segments' aggregate loan balances. We adjust
          our reserve for loan losses on at least a quarterly basis. Should our
          estimates of these and other pertinent factors change, our results of
          operations, financial condition and liquidity position could be
          materially, adversely affected.

     o    Transfers of Financial Assets. When we transfer financial assets to
          third parties, such as when we sell notes receivable pursuant to our
          vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities, we evaluate
          whether or not such transfer should be accounted for as a sale
          pursuant to SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
          Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities" and related
          interpretations. The evaluation of sale treatment under SFAS No. 140
          involves legal assessments of the transactions, which include
          determining whether the transferred assets have been isolated from us
          (i.e. put presumptively beyond our reach or the reach of our
          creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership), determining
          whether each transferee has the right to pledge or exchange the assets
          it received, and ensuring that we do not maintain effective control
          over the transferred assets through either (1) an agreement that both
          entitles and obligates the transferor to repurchase or redeem them
          before their maturity or (2) the ability to unilaterally cause the
          holder to return specific assets (other than through a cleanup call).
          We believe that we have obtained appropriate legal opinions and other
          guidance deemed necessary to properly account for our transfers of
          financial assets as sales in accordance with SFAS No. 140.

          In connection with the sales of notes receivable referred to above, we
          retain subordinated tranches, rights to excess interest spread and
          servicing rights, all of which are retained interests in the notes
          receivable sold. Gain or loss on the sale of the notes receivable
          depends in part on the allocation of the previous carrying amount of
          the financial assets involved in the transfer between the assets sold
          and the retained interests based on their relative fair value at the
          date of transfer. We initially and periodically estimate fair value
          based on the present value of future expected cash flows using
          management's best estimates of the key assumptions -- prepayment
          rates, loss severity rates, default rates and discount rates
          commensurate with the risks involved. Should our estimates of these
          key assumptions change or should the portfolios sold fail to satisfy
          specified performance criteria and therefore trigger provisions
          whereby outside investors in the portfolios are paid on an accelerated
          basis, there could be a reduction in the fair value of the retained
          interests and our results of operations and financial condition could
          be adversely impacted. During the year ended December 31, 2004, we
          recognized an other-than-temporary decrease of approximately $2.1
          million, in the fair market value of our retained interest in a 2002
          vacation ownership receivables securitization, based on higher than
          anticipated default rates in the portfolio sold.

     o    Asset Impairment. We periodically evaluate the recovery of the
          carrying amounts of our long-lived assets including our real estate
          properties under the guidelines of SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
          Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." Factors that we consider
          in making this evaluation include the estimated remaining
          life-of-project sales for each project based on current retail prices
          and the estimated costs to complete each project. Should our estimates
          of these factors change, our results of operations and financial
          condition could be adversely impacted.

     o    Goodwill and Intangible Assets. Goodwill is not amortized but is
          subject to an annual impairment test in accordance with SFAS No. 142,
          "Accounting for Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." Other
          intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives. Goodwill and
          other intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis
          by estimating the fair value of the reporting unit to which the
          goodwill or intangible assets have been assigned. As of December 31,
          2004, only our Bluegreen Resorts reporting unit had any recorded
          goodwill and intangible assets. Should our estimates of the fair value
          of our reporting units change, our results of operations and financial
          condition could be adversely impacted.


                                                                              39

<PAGE>

Results of Operations

We review financial information, allocate resources and manage our business as
two segments, Bluegreen Resorts and Bluegreen Communities. The information
reviewed is based on internal reports and excludes general and administrative
expenses attributable to corporate overhead. The information provided is based
on a management approach and is used by us for the purpose of tracking trends
and changes in results. It does not reflect the actual economic costs,
contributions or results of operations of the segments as stand alone
businesses. If a different basis of presentation or allocation were utilized,
the relative contributions of the segments might differ but the relative trends,
in our view, would likely not be materially impacted. The table below sets forth
net revenue and income from operations by segment.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Bluegreen                Bluegreen
                                            Resorts                Communities                 Total
                                    ----------------------   ----------------------   ----------------------
                                                Percentage               Percentage               Percentage
                                      Amount     of Sales      Amount     of Sales      Amount     of Sales
                                    ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------
                                                             (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                 <C>            <C>       <C>            <C>       <C>            <C>
Year Ended December 31, 2002
   (2)
Sales of real estate ............   $ 177,406      100%      $ 101,174      100%      $ 278,580      100%
Cost of real estate sales .......     (43,422)     (25)        (56,893)     (56)       (100,315)     (36)
                                    ---------                ---------                ---------
Gross profit ....................     133,984       75          44,281       44         178,265       64
Other resort and communities
   operations revenues ..........      29,194       16           4,140        4          33,334       12
Cost of other resort and
   communities operations .......     (28,379)     (16)         (4,814)      (5)        (33,193)     (12)
Selling and marketing
   expenses .....................    (102,176)     (58)        (20,334)     (20)       (122,510)     (44)
Field general and
   administrative expenses (1) ..     (10,646)      (6)         (8,497)      (8)        (19,143)      (7)
                                    ---------                ---------                ---------
Field Operating Profit ..........   $  21,977       12%      $  14,776       15%      $  36,753       13%
                                    =========                =========                =========
Year Ended December 31, 2003
Sales of real estate ............   $ 253,939      100%      $ 104,373      100%      $ 358,312      100%
Cost of real estate sales .......     (51,695)     (20)        (57,315)     (55)       (109,010)     (30)
                                    ---------                ---------                ---------
Gross profit ....................     202,244       80          47,058       45         249,302       70
Other resort and communities
   operations revenues ..........      48,915       19           6,479        6          55,394       15
Cost of other resort and
   communities operations .......     (53,544)     (21)         (7,477)      (7)        (61,021)     (17)
Selling and marketing
   expenses .....................    (132,050)     (52)        (23,223)     (22)       (155,273)     (43)
Field general and
   administrative expenses (1) ..     (16,051)      (6)        (10,257)     (10)        (26,308)      (7)
                                    ---------                ---------                ---------
Field Operating Profit ..........   $  49,514       20%      $  12,580       12%      $  62,094       17%
                                    =========                =========                =========
Year Ended December 31, 2004
Sales of real estate ............   $ 310,596      100%      $ 191,800      100%      $ 502,396      100%
Cost of real estate sales .......     (73,963)     (24)       (105,759)     (55)       (179,722)     (36)
                                    ---------                ---------                ---------
Gross profit ....................     236,633       76          86,041       45         322,674       64
Other resort and communities
   operations revenues ..........      61,630       20           7,402        4          69,032       14
Cost of other resort
and communities operations ......     (64,453)     (21)         (7,275)      (4)        (71,728)     (14)
Selling and marketing
   expenses .....................    (165,162)     (53)        (36,766)     (19)       (201,928)     (40)
Field general and
   administrative expenses (1) ..     (16,098)      (5)        (11,680)      (6)        (27,778)      (6)
                                    ---------                ---------                ---------
Field Operating Profit ..........   $  52,550       17%      $  37,722       20%      $  90,272       18%
                                    =========                =========                =========
</TABLE>


                                                                              40
<PAGE>

----------
(1)  General and administrative expenses attributable to corporate overhead have
     been excluded from the tables. Corporate general and administrative
     expenses totaled $20.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2002, $21.4
     million for the year ended December 31, 2003 and $34.0 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2004. See "Corporate General and Administrative
     Expenses," below, for further discussion.

(2)  We have disclosed the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
     2002 for purposes of comparability. December 31, 2002 was the year we
     transitioned from a March 31 year-end to a December 31 year-end.

Sales and Field Operations. Consolidated sales were $278.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2002, $358.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2003 and
$502.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2004. Consolidated sales
increased 29% from the year ended December 31, 2002 to the year ended December
31, 2003 and 40% from year ended December 31, 2003 to the year ended December
31, 2004.

Bluegreen Resorts. During the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004,
sales of VOIs contributed $177.4 million (64%), $253.9 million (71%) and $310.6
million (62%) of our total consolidated sales, respectively.

The following table sets forth certain information for sales of VOIs for the
periods indicated, before giving effect to the percentage-of-completion method
of accounting.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Year Ended
                                         ------------------------------------------
                                         December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                             2002           2003           2004
                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>            <C>
Number of VOI sale transactions.......       19,915        26,839         31,574
Average sales price per transaction...      $ 9,268       $ 9,704        $10,025
Gross margin..........................           75%           80%            76%
</TABLE>

The $56.7 million, or 22.3%, increase in Bluegreen Resorts' sales during the
year ended December 31, 2004, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003,
was due in part to the opening of five sales sites either after or just prior to
December 31, 2003: Grande Villas at World Golf Village (opened in November
2003), The Fountains in Orlando, Florida (opened in December 2003), an off-site
sales office in Destin, Florida (opened in July 2004, but closed prior to
December 31, 2004), the Hammocks at Marathon resort sales office in Marathon,
Florida (opened August 2004) and an off-site sales office in Dallas, Texas
(opened in October 2004). These new sales sites generated a combined $21.0
million of incremental sales during the year ended December 31, 2004 as compared
to the year ended December 31, 2003. The remainder of the sales increase was due
to same-store sales increases primarily as a result of greater focus on
marketing to our growing Bluegreen Vacation Club owner base and to sales
prospects referred to us by existing Bluegreen Vacation Club owners and other
prospects. Sales to owner and referral prospects increased by 48.2% during the
year ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003.
This, combined with an 18.3% overall increase in the number of sales prospects
seen by Bluegreen Resorts from approximately 218,000 prospects during the year
ended December 31, 2003 to approximately 257,000 prospects during the year ended
December 31, 2004 at a consistent sale-to-tour conversion ratio of 12.6% and
12.4% during the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively,
significantly contributed to the overall sales increase during the year ended
December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003. The increase
in the average sales price per transaction reflected in the above table also
contributed to the increase in sales.

The $76.5 million or 43.1% increase in Bluegreen Resorts' sales during the year
ended December 31, 2003, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2002, was
due in part to the opening of six new sales sites: Mountain Run at Boyne in
Boyne Falls, Michigan (opened in November 2002), an off-site sales office in


                                                                              41
<PAGE>

Minneapolis, Minnesota (opened in November 2002), Solara Surfsidein Surfside,
Florida (opened January 2003), an off-site sales office in Harbor Springs,
Michigan (opened in March 2003 on the campus of the Boyne Highlands resort,
pursuant to a marketing agreement with Boyne USA Resorts), Grande Villas at
World Golf Village (opened in November 2003) and The Fountainsin Orlando,
Florida (opened in December 2003). These new sales sites generated a combined
$26.7 million of incremental sales during the year ended December 31, 2003 as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2002. The remainder of the sales
increase was due to same-store sales increases primarily as a result of greater
focus on marketing to our growing Bluegreen Vacation Club owner base and to
sales prospects referred to us by existing Bluegreen Vacation Club owners and
other prospects. Sales to owner and referral prospects increased by 44.1% during
the year ended December 31, 2003 as compared to the year ended December 31,
2002. This, combined with a 25.0% overall increase in the number of sales
prospects seen by Bluegreen Resorts from approximately 174,000 prospects during
the year ended December 31, 2002 to approximately 218,000 prospects during the
year ended December 31, 2003 and an increase in the sale-to-tour conversion
ratio from 11.6% to 12.6% during these periods, respectively, significantly
contributed to the overall sales increase during the year ended December 31,
2003 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2002. The increase in the
average sales price per transaction reflected in the above table also
contributed to the increase in sales.

Gross margin percentages vary between periods based on the relative costs of the
specific VOIs sold in each respective period. The gross margin percentage for
Bluegreen Resorts during 2004 and currently is trending back to historical
levels from the higher gross margins realized in 2003 and the first quarter of
2004. We were able to make some opportunistic acquisitions of relatively lower
cost VOI inventories in 2003, which contributed to our favorable gross margins
in 2003 and the beginning of 2004. As much of this lower cost VOI inventory has
been sold and due to rising land and construction costs we are experiencing at
projects under development, we anticipate that our gross margin will approximate
our historical levels for the foreseeable future.

Other resort operations revenues increased $12.7 million or 26% during the year
ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003. These
increases were due to increases in revenues from our mini-vacation sales and
vacation ownership tour generation business (operated by GVD, see further
discussion below), our vacation ownership resort interior purchasing and design
business, title agency fees and fees earned for providing reservation services
for the Bluegreen Vacation Club.

Other resort operations revenues increased $19.7 million or 68% during the year
ended December 31, 2003 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2002. During
the year ended December 31, 2003, GVD's revenues increased by approximately
$14.0 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2002, as the 2002
period only included approximately three months of GVD's operations. On October
2, 2002, GVD, acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain
liabilities of TMOV. GVD was a newly-formed entity with no prior operations.
Utilizing the assets acquired from TMOV, GVD generates sales leads for VOI sales
utilizing various marketing strategies. These leads are then contacted and given
the opportunity to purchase mini-vacation packages. These packages sometimes
combine hotel stays, cruises and gift premiums. Buyers of these mini-vacation
packages are then usually required to participate in a VOI sales presentation.
GVD generates sales prospects for our VOI sales business and sales prospects
that will be sold to other VOI developers. The remainder of the increase in
other resort operations revenues was due to an increase in revenues generated by
our wholly-owned title company and an increase in revenues from managing the
Bluegreen Vacation Club; both of such increases were the result of the increase
in VOI sales during the year ended December 31, 2003 as compared to the year
ended December 31, 2002.

Cost of other resort operations increased $10.9 million, or 20%, during the year
ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003. These
increases were due primarily to subsidies and maintenance fees paid to the
property owners' associations that maintain our resorts. These subsidies and
fees increased in the aggregate due to the increase in the number of our resorts
since December 31, 2003 and due to increased maintenance fees incurred on our
remaining VOI inventory at the La Cabana Beach and Racquet Club resort in Aruba.
In addition, costs of other resort operations increased due to the 2003 opening
and subsequent expansion of our owner contact center in Indianapolis, Indiana,
which handles reservations and customer service for members of the Bluegreen
Vacation Club.


                                                                              42
<PAGE>



Cost of other resort operations increased $25.2 million, or 89%, during the year
ended December 31, 2003 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2002.
Operating expenses incurred by GVD increased $19.8 million during the year ended
December 31, 2003 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2002, as the 2002
period only included approximately three months of GVD's operations. The
remaining increase in cost of other resort operations during the year ended
December 31, 2003 was primarily due to start-up costs of the new owner services
center in Indianapolis, Indiana and new interior purchasing and design
operations in Knoxville, Tennessee as well as increased costs of managing the
Bluegreen Vacation Club due to the growth in the number of members.

Selling and marketing expenses for Bluegreen Resorts increased as a percentage
of sales from 52% during the year ended December 31, 2003 to 53% during the year
ended December 31, 2004. This increase was primarily due to a decrease in the
marketing efficiency of our off-premises contact ("OPC") marketing programs. OPC
marketing programs involve making contact with individuals at tourist and other
high-traffic locations in the vacation destinations in proximity to our resorts
and soliciting them to take sales tours at one of our resort properties. OPC
costs as a percentage of related sales increased to 37% during the year ended
December 31, 2004 from 30% during the year ended December 31, 2003, due to
increased competition for OPC locations and a decrease in the sale-to-tour
conversion ratio for our OPC tours. We believe that selling and marketing
expense as a percentage of sales is an important indicator of the performance of
Bluegreen Resorts and our performance as a whole. No assurance can be given that
selling and marketing expenses will not increase as a percentage of sales in
future periods.

Selling and marketing expenses for Bluegreen Resorts decreased as a percentage
of sales from 58% during the year ended December 31, 2002 to 52% during the year
ended December 31, 2003. This decrease was primarily due to an increase in the
sale-to-tour conversion ratio (from approximately 12% to 13%) and the increase
in the average sales price per transaction noted above. The decrease was also
due to the increase in sales to our Bluegreen Vacation Club owner base and to
sales prospects referred to us by existing Bluegreen Vacation Club owners and
other prospects. Sales to these prospects have relatively lower associated
marketing costs.

Field general and administrative expenses for Bluegreen Resorts stayed
consistent at approximately $16.1 million during each of the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003. These costs as a percentage of sales decreased to 5%
for the year ended December 31, 2004 from 6% during the year ended December 31,
2003.

Field general and administrative expenses for Bluegreen Resorts increased $5.4
million or 51% during the year ended December 31, 2003 as compared to the year
ended December 31, 2002. This increase was primarily due to the addition of the
Minneapolis and Harbor Springs (Boyne Highlands) off-site sales offices; the
opening of the Mountain Run at Boyne, Solara Surfside, Grande Villas at World
Golf Village and The Fountains on-site sales offices and expenses associated
with the consideration of potential real estate acquisitions during the year
ended December 31, 2003 which were not pursued further.

Bluegreen Communities. During the years ended December 31, 2002, December 31,
2003 and December 31, 2004, Bluegreen Communities generated $101.2 million
(36%), $104.4 million (29%) and $191.8 million (38%), of our total consolidated
sales, respectively.

The table below sets forth the number of homesites sold by Bluegreen Communities
and the average sales price per homesite for the periods indicated, before
giving effect to the percentage-of-completion method of accounting and excluding
sales of bulk parcels.


                                                                              43

<PAGE>

                                                      Year Ended
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                      December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                          2002           2003           2004
                                      ------------   ------------   ------------
Number of homesites sold...........       1,790          1,962          2,765
Average sales price per homesite...     $56,399        $60,586        $69,136
Gross margin.......................          44%            45%            45%

Bluegreen Communities' sales increased $87.4 million or 84% during the year
ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003. In
November 2003, we acquired and commenced sales at our approximately 500-acre
golf course community in Brunswick, Georgia known as Sanctuary Cove at St.
Andrews Sound. Sanctuary Cove recognized incremental sales of approximately
$23.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year
ended December 31, 2003, as this project had just opened for sales in December
2003. Sanctuary Cove had an additional $7.6 million of sales deferred under the
percentage-of-completion method of accounting as of December 31, 2004. Our
Brickshire golf course community, which is located in New Kent, Virginia,
recognized $11.1 million more sales during the year ended December 31, 2004 as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2003, due primarily to increased
effectiveness of sales programs and price increases. In March 2003, Bluegreen
Communities acquired 1,142 acres in Braselton, Georgia for the development of a
new golf course community known as the Traditions of Braselton. This project
recognized approximately $8.1 million more sales during the year ended December
31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003, due primarily to the
recognition of sales previously deferred under the percentage-of-completion
method of accounting. In July 2004, we acquired and commenced sales at our
approximately 800-acre golf course community in Chatham County, North Carolina
known as Chapel Ridge. Chapel Ridge recognized sales of approximately $10.1
million during the year ended December 31, 2004, and had an additional $4.7
million of sales deferred under the percentage-of-completion method of
accounting as of December 31, 2004. Mountain Springs Ranch, our community in
Smithson Valley, Texas (near San Antonio), recognized $7.7 million more sales
during the year ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December
31, 2003, as this project had just opened for sales in December 2003. The
remaining sales increase was realized at several of our other existing
communities, including the following communities in Texas:

     o    RidgeLake Shores, located in Magnolia, Texas (near Houston, Texas) -
          $6.3 million increase in sales.

     o    Quail Springs Ranch, located in Peaster, Texas (near the Dallas/Fort
          Worth Metroplex) - $5.4 million increase in sales.

     o    Mystic Shores, located in Spring Branch, Texas (near San Antonio) -
          $5.3 million increase in sales.

Bluegreen Communities' sales increased $3.2 million or 3% during the year ended
December 31, 2003 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2002. The
Traditions of Braselton, which began sales in April 2003, recognized sales of
approximately $20.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2003. In Sunset,
Texas, our Silver Lakes Ranch community commenced sales in 2003 and generated
$8.5 million in sales. These increases in sales were partially offset by the
impact of the 2003 sellout of two of our North Carolina golf communities, The
Preserve at Jordan Lake in Chapel Hill and Winding River Plantation in
Southport, which resulted in a decrease in sales at these two properties of
approximately $25.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2003 as compared
to the year ended December 31, 2002.

Bluegreen Communities intends to primarily focus its resources on developing new
golf course communities and continuing to support its successful projects in
Texas. During the year ended December 31, 2004, our golf communities and
communities in Texas comprised approximately 52% and 45%, respectively, of
Bluegreen Communities' sales. Because of the level of sales Bluegreen
Communities achieved in 2004, we anticipate that certain of our properties will
sell out earlier in 2005 than we had previously forecasted. As a result, 2005
sales for Bluegreen Communities will likely be lower than 2004 sales, as we
focus on acquiring additional inventory to replace such properties that either
sold out or are approaching sell-out ahead of schedule.

Bluegreen Communities' gross margin remained relatively constant during the
years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004. Variations in cost structures and
the market pricing of projects available for sale as well as the opening of
phases of projects which include premium homesites (e.g., water frontage,
preferred views, larger acreage homesites, etc.) will impact the gross margin of
Bluegreen Communities from period to period. These factors, as well as the
impact of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, will cause
variations in gross margin between periods, although the annual gross margin has
historically been between 45% and 51% of sales and is expected to approximate
these percentages for the foreseeable future.


                                                                              44
<PAGE>

Other communities operations include the operation of our golf courses as well
as realty resale operations at several of our residential land communities. The
increases in other communities operations revenues and costs during the year
ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003, were
primarily due to increased play at our Brickshire and The Preserve at Jordan
Lake golf courses located in New Kent, Virginia and Chapel Hill, North Carolina,
respectively. We are currently constructing three new daily-fee golf courses in
connection with the development of our Traditions of Braselton, Sanctuary Cove
and Chapel Ridge communities, all of which are expected to be open for play in
2005.

Other communities operations revenues increased $2.3 million or 56% from $4.1
million to $6.5 million and the related costs increased $2.7 million or 55% from
$4.8 million to $7.5 million during the years ended December 31, 2002 and
December 31, 2003, respectively. These increases were primarily due to the
opening of the golf courses at Brickshire and The Preserve at Jordan Lake in
March 2002 and August 2002, respectively. In addition, our realty resale
operations, which commenced operations in January 2003, generated $1.4 million
in commission revenues and incurred $1.2 million in costs during the year ended
December 31, 2003.

Our golf course operations yielded aggregate losses of $674,000, $1.2 million
and $176,000 during the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004,
respectively. The losses from golf course operations are due to fixed operating
expenses, low, seasonal revenues during the winter months and high maintenance
costs during periods when we are marketing homesites in the surrounding
community. Also, our golf courses were still in their early years of operations
during the periods presented. We believe that the operating results of these new
courses should improve as individuals who have purchased homesites in the
communities in which these courses are located actually build their homes and
begin living in the community, which we believe will increase the amount of play
on our golf courses. However, there is no assurance that such improvement in
operating results will be realized.

Selling and marketing expenses for Bluegreen Communities decreased as a
percentage of sales from 22% to 19% during the years ended December 31, 2003 and
December 31, 2004, respectively, due to the advertising efficiencies realized at
several of our Bluegreen Golf communities in 2004. Brickshire, Traditions of
Braselton, Sanctuary Cove and Chapel Ridge generated selling and marketing
expenses of less than 18%, collectively, as a percentage of sales due to the
attractiveness of these golf course communities to consumers in the markets
where these communities are located.

Selling and marketing expenses for Bluegreen Communities increased as a
percentage of sales from 20% to 22% during the years ended December 31, 2002 and
December 31, 2003, respectively, due to the impact of the
percentage-of-completion method of accounting and due to the substantial sell
out of The Preserve at Jordan Lake during the year ended December 31, 2003.
While we defer the recognition of sales under the percentage-of-completion
method of accounting, we do not defer the recognition of certain selling and
marketing costs associated with the sales deferred. This increases selling and
marketing expenses as a percentage of sales. The Preserve at Jordan Lake
generated lower selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of sales in 2002,
due in part to its location near the Raleigh-Durham area, which decreased
overall selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of sales for Bluegreen
Communities during the year ended December 31, 2002.

Bluegreen Communities' general and administrative expenses increased $1.4
million, or 14%, during the year ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year
ended December 31, 2003. This increase in general and administrative expenses
was due to the fact that the costs associated with new communities that opened
for sales were greater than the costs associated with communities which
substantially sold out during the year ended December 31, 2003. The increase in
these costs was also due to higher performance bonuses to Bluegreen Communities'
management, commensurate with the significant increase in the segment's field
operating profit during the year ended December 31, 2004 as compared to December
31, 2003. As a percentage of sales, Bluegreen Communities' general and
administrative expenses decreased to 6% from 10% for the years ended December
31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.


                                                                              45

<PAGE>

Bluegreen Communities' general and administrative expenses increased $1.8
million, or 21%, during the year ended December 31, 2003 as compared to the year
ended December 31, 2002. This increase in general and administrative expenses
was primarily due to the fact that the costs associated with new communities
that opened for sales were greater than the costs associated with communities
which substantially sold out during the year ended December 31, 2003, as more
new projects were added than were substantially sold out. The increase in these
costs as a percentage of sales was also due to the impact of
percentage-of-completion accounting, as we do not defer such expenses
notwithstanding that the associated revenue is deferred.

As of December 31, 2004, Bluegreen Communities had $27.2 million of sales and
$10.9 million of Field Operating Profit deferred under percentage-of-completion
accounting. As of December 31, 2003, Bluegreen Communities had $18.9 million of
sales and $8.1 million of Field Operating Profit deferred under
percentage-of-completion accounting.

Corporate General and Administrative Expenses. Our corporate general and
administrative expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with
administering the various support functions at our corporate headquarters,
including accounting, human resources, information technology, mergers and
acquisitions, mortgage servicing, treasury and legal. Such expenses were $20.0
million, $21.4 million and $34.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2002,
2003 and 2004, respectively.

The $12.6 million or 59% increase in corporate general and administrative
expenses during the year ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2003 was primarily due to:

     o    an aggregate increase of $3.2 million in personnel and other expenses
          incurred in our information technology, resort
          acquisitions/development, human resources, corporate headquarters and
          mortgage areas to help support our growth;

     o    increased legal expenses due to the $1.5 million impact of the
          settlement of a sales tax dispute with the state of Wisconsin and
          approximately $1.2 million related to litigation settlements, one of
          which is subject to court approval;

     o    increased accounting and auditing expenses of $2.0 million, primarily
          incurred in connection with requirements associated with the
          Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and

     o    an increase in corporate health and other insurance expenses of $1.5
          million.

The $1.4 million or 7% increase in corporate general and administrative expenses
during the year ended December 31, 2003 as compared to the year ended December
31, 2002 was primarily due to an increased number of personnel and other
expenses incurred in our information technology area to help support our growth.

For a discussion of field selling, general and administrative expenses, please
see "Sales and Field Operations," above.

Interest Income. Interest income is earned from our notes receivable, retained
interests in notes receivable sold (including REMIC transactions) and cash and
cash equivalents. Interest income was $15.8 million, $17.5 million and $21.6
million for the years ended December 31, 2002, December 31, 2003 and December
31, 2004, respectively.

The increase in interest income during the year ended December 31, 2004 was due
to higher interest income earned from our notes receivable commensurate with
higher average aggregate notes receivable balances during the period as compared
to the year ended December 31, 2003. The increase in interest income during the
year ended December 31, 2004 was partially offset by an other-than-temporary
decrease of $2.1 million in the fair value of our retained interest in a 2002
vacation ownership receivables securitization transaction, based on higher than
projected default rates in the portfolio sold.

The increase in interest income during the year ended December 31, 2003 was due
to higher interest income earned from our notes receivable commensurate with
higher average aggregate notes receivable


                                                                              46
<PAGE>

balances during the period as compared to the year ended December 31, 2002. The
increase in interest income during the year ended December 31, 2003 was
partially offset by an other-than-temporary decrease of $912,000 in the fair
value of our retained interest in a 2002 vacation ownership receivables
securitization transaction, based on higher than projected default rates in the
portfolio sold.

Gain on Sales of Notes Receivable. During the years ended December 31, 2002,
December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2004, we recognized gains on the sale of
notes receivable totaling $12.1 million, $6.6 million and $8.6 million,
respectively. The sales of vacation ownership notes receivable were primarily
pursuant to vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities in place during
the respective periods.

The gain on sale of notes receivable during the year ended December 31, 2004,
also included a $2.6 million gain recorded in connection with the July 2004
private offering and sale (the "2004 Term Securitization) of $156.6 million in
aggregate purchase price of vacation ownership receivables, primarily including
receivables previously sold to Resort Finance, LLC ("RFL").

The gain on sale of notes receivable during the year ended December 31, 2002,
also included a $4.7 million gain recorded in connection with the December 2002
private offering and sale (the "2002 Term Securitization) of $170.2 million in
aggregate purchase price of vacation ownership receivables, including
receivables previously sold to ING Capital, LLC ("ING"), General Electric
Capital Real Estate/Heller Financial, Inc. ("GE") and Barclays Bank, PLC
("Barclays") and receivables previously pledged to GE.

The amount of notes receivable sold during a period depends on several factors,
including the amount of availability, if any, under receivables purchase
facilities, the amount of eligible receivables available for sale, our cash
requirements, the covenants and other provisions of the relevant vacation
ownership receivables purchase facility (as described further below) and
management's discretion.

Interest Expense. Interest expense was $12.7 million, $14.0 million and $15.0
million for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively. The
7% increase in the year ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2003, was due to higher average outstanding debt balances,
primarily related to increased receivable-backed debt. The 10% increase in the
year ended December 31, 2003 was due to higher average outstanding debt
balances, primarily related to acquisition and development loans entered into in
connection with inventory acquisitions during 2003.

Our effective cost of borrowing was 9.1%, 7.9% and 8.1% for the years ended
December 31, 2002, December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2004, respectively.

Provision for Loan Losses.

We recorded provisions for loan losses totaling $4.0 million, $6.1 million and
$7.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004
respectively. The 52% and 17% increases in the provision for loan losses during
the years ended December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2004, respectively, were
primarily due to higher notes receivable balances outstanding at December 31,
2003 and December 31, 2004 as compared to the respective, immediately preceeding
year-end balance.


                                                                              47

<PAGE>

The allowance for loan losses by division as of December 31, 2003 and December
31, 2004 was:

                                  Bluegreen    Bluegreen
                                   Resorts    Communities    Other     Total
                                  ---------   -----------   ------   --------
                                             (dollars in thousands)
December 31, 2003
Notes receivable ..............   $ 90,820      $10,555     $1,425   $102,800
Allowance for loan losses .....     (8,255)        (239)      (112)    (8,606)
                                  --------      -------     ------   --------
Notes receivable, net .........   $ 82,565      $10,316     $1,313   $ 94,194
                                  ========      =======     ======   ========
Allowance as a % of gross notes
   receivable .................          9%           2%         8%         8%
                                  ========      =======     ======   ========

December 31, 2004

Notes receivable ..............   $121,273      $10,901     $  186   $132,360
Allowance for loan losses .....     (9,974)        (251)      (186)   (10,411)
                                  --------      -------     ------   --------
Notes receivable, net .........   $111,299      $10,650     $   --   $121,949
                                  ========      =======     ======   ========
Allowance as a % of gross notes
  receivable ..................          8%           2%       100%         8%
                                  ========      =======     ======   ========

Other notes receivable at December 31, 2003, primarily consisted of a loan to
the property owners' association that is responsible for the maintenance of our
La Cabana Beach and Racquet Club resort, Casa Grande Cooperative Association I
(See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).
This loan was satisfied in 2004.

Minority Interest in Income of Consolidated Subsidiary. We include the results
of operations and financial position of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, our
51%-owned subsidiary, in our consolidated financial statements (see Note 1 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). The minority interest in income
of consolidated subsidiary is the portion of our consolidated pre-tax income
that is earned by Big Cedar, L.L.C., the unaffiliated 49% interest holder in the
subsidiary. Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiary was, $1.0
million, $3.3 million and $4.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2002,
2003 and 2004, respectively. Pre-tax income for the subsidiary has increased
over the periods presented as sales at the Big Cedar Wilderness Club have
increased.

Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle, Net of Tax. During the
years ended April 1, 2001 and March 31, 2002, we deferred the costs of
generating VOI tours through telemarketing programs until the earlier of such
time as the tours were conducted or the related mini-vacation packages expired,
based on an accepted industry accounting principle. Effective April 1, 2002, we
elected to change our accounting policy to expense such costs as incurred. We
believe that the new method of accounting for these costs is preferable over our
previous method and has been applied prospectively. The cumulative effect of
this change in accounting principle was additional expense of $5.9 million, net
of tax.

Summary. Based on the factors discussed above, our net income was $10.8 million,
$25.8 million and $36.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and
2004, respectively.


                                                                              48

<PAGE>

Changes in Financial Condition

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2003 and 2004 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year ended
                                                     ------------------------------------------
                                                     December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                                         2002           2003           2004
                                                     ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash flows provided by operating activities            $ 27,119       $ 28,680       $ 89,760
Cash flows provided (used) by investing activities        9,752          1,964         (5,637)
Cash flows used by financing activities                 (20,389)       (11,273)       (39,232)
                                                       --------       --------       --------
Net increase in cash                                   $ 16,482       $ 19,371       $ 44,891
                                                       ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>

Cash Flows From Operating Activities. Management analysis Cash flows from
operating activities increased $1.6 million or 6% from net cash inflows of $27.1
million to $28.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2002 and December 31,
2003, respectively. Proceeds from the sale of and borrowings collateralized by
notes receivable, net of payments on such borrowings, increased $22.9 million
from $90.4 million to $113.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2002
and December 31, 2003, respectively. This increase was partially offset by the
change in inventory between the two periods.

Cash flows from operating activities increased $61.1 million or 213% from net
cash inflows of $28.7 million to $89.8 million during the years ended December
31, 2003 and December 31, 2004, respectively. Proceeds from the sale of and
borrowings collateralized by notes receivable, net of payments on such
borrowings, increased $36.6 million from $113.2 million to $149.8 million during
the years ended December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2004, respectively. The
remainder of the increase in operating cash flows during the year ended December
31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003 was due to the decrease
in inventory, as a result of our increased VOI and homesite sales.

We report cash flows from borrowings collateralized by notes receivable and
sales of notes receivable as operating activities in the consolidated statements
of cash flows. The majority of Bluegreen Resorts' sales result in the
origination of notes receivable from its customers. We believe that accelerating
the conversion of such notes receivable into cash, either through the pledge or
sale of our notes receivable, on a regular basis is an integral function of our
operations, and have therefore classified such activities as operating
activities.

Cash Flows From Investing Activities. Cash flows from investing activities
decreased $7.8 million or 80% from net cash inflows of $9.8 million to $2.0
million for the years ended December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003,
respectively. The decrease was primarily due to less cash received from our
retained interests in notes receivable sold. As a result of a term
securitization of previously sold notes receivable during the nine months ended
December 31, 2002, all cash generated by the securitized receivables that we
would normally receive in connection with the retained interests was first used
to fund required cash reserve accounts. We began to receive cash inflows
relative to the retained interests in the term securitization during the quarter
ended September 30, 2003. We received $18.9 million and $12.8 million of cash
from our retained interests in notes receivable sold during the years ended
December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003, respectively. The remainder of the
decrease in cash flows from investing activities was due to increased purchases
of fixed assets.

Cash flows from investing activities decreased $7.6 million or 387% from net
cash inflows of $2.0 million to net cash outflows of $5.6 million for the years
ended December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2004, respectively. The decrease was
primarily due to increased purchases of property and equipment during the year
ended December 31, 2004 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2003.

Cash Flows From Financing Activities. Cash flows from financing activities
increased $9.1 million or 45% from net cash outflows of $20.4 million to $11.3
million during the years ended December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003,
respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2002, we repaid upon maturity


                                                                              49
<PAGE>

$6.0 million of 8% convertible subordinated notes payable to former members of
our board of directors. Also, payments under line-of-credit facilities, net of
new borrowings, decreased from $12.3 million to $9.9 million for the years ended
December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003, respectively.

Cash flows from financing activities decreased $28.0 million or 248% from net
cash outflows of $11.3 million to $39.2 million during the years ended December
31, 2003 and December 31, 2004, respectively.. This decrease is due to increased
payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes payable, partially offset by
increased proceeds from borrowings under such facilities and notes.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our capital resources are provided from both internal and external sources. Our
primary capital resources from internal operations are: (i) cash sales, (ii)
downpayments on homesite and VOI sales which are financed, (iii) proceeds from
the sale of, or borrowings collateralized by, notes receivable, including cash
received from our retained interests in notes receivable sold, (iv) principal
and interest payments on the purchase money mortgage loans and contracts for
deed owned arising from sales of VOIs and homesites and (v) net cash generated
from other resort services and other communities operations. Historically,
external sources of liquidity have included non-recourse sales of notes
receivable, borrowings under secured and unsecured lines-of-credit, seller and
bank financing of inventory acquisitions and the issuance of debt securities.
Our capital resources are used to support our operations, including (i)
acquiring and developing inventory, (ii) providing financing for customer
purchases, (iii) funding operating expenses and (iv) satisfying our debt and
other obligations. As we are continually selling and marketing real estate (VOIs
and homesites), it is necessary for us to continually acquire and develop new
resorts and communities in order to maintain adequate levels of inventory to
support operations. We anticipate that we will continue to require external
sources of liquidity to support our operations, satisfy our debt and other
obligations and to provide funds for future acquisitions.

Our level of debt and debt service requirements has several important effects on
our operations, including the following: (i) we have significant cash
requirements to service debt, reducing funds available for operations and future
business opportunities and increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and
industry conditions; (ii) our leveraged position increases our vulnerability to
competitive pressures; (iii) the financial covenants and other restrictions
contained in the indentures, the credit agreements and other agreements relating
to our indebtedness require us to meet certain financial tests and restrict our
ability to, among other things, borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, make
investments or pay cash dividends on, or repurchase, preferred or common stock;
and (iv) funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions
and general corporate purposes may be limited. Certain of our competitors
operate on a less leveraged basis and have greater operating and financial
flexibility than we do.

We intend to continue to pursue a growth-oriented strategy, particularly with
respect to our Bluegreen Resorts business segment. In connection with this
strategy, we may from time to time acquire, among other things, additional
resort properties and completed but unsold VOIs; land upon which additional
resorts may be built; management contracts; loan portfolios of vacation
ownership mortgages; portfolios which include properties or assets which may be
integrated into our operations; interests in joint ventures; and operating
companies providing or possessing management, sales, marketing, development,
administration and/or other expertise with respect to our operations in the
vacation ownership industry. In addition, we intend to continue to focus
Bluegreen Communities' activities on larger, more capital intensive projects
particularly in those regions where we believe the market for our products is
strongest, such as new golf communities in the Southeast and other areas and
continued growth in our successful regions in Texas.

The following is a discussion of our purchase and credit facilities that were
important sources of our liquidity as of December 31, 2004. These facilities do
not constitute all of our outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2004. Our
other indebtedness includes outstanding senior secured notes payable, borrowings
collateralized by real estate inventories that were not incurred pursuant to an
ongoing credit facility and capital leases.


                                                                              50

<PAGE>

Vacation Ownership Receivables Purchase Facilities -Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements

Our ability to sell and/or borrow against our notes receivable from VOI buyers
is a critical factor in our continued liquidity. When we sell VOIs, a financed
buyer is only required to pay a minimum of 10% of the purchase in cash at the
time of sale, however, selling, marketing and administrative expenses are
primarily cash expenses and, in our case for the year ended December 31, 2004,
approximated 58% of sales. Accordingly, having facilities available for the
hypothecation and sale of these vacation ownership receivables is a critical
factor to our ability to meet our short and long-term cash needs.

The RFL Purchase Facility. On October 8, 2003, RFL acquired and assumed the
rights, obligations and commitments of ING as initial purchaser in an existing
vacation ownership receivables purchase facility (the "RFL Purchase Facility")
originally executed between ING and us in April 2002. The RFL Purchase Facility
utilizes an owner's trust structure, pursuant to which we sell receivables to
Bluegreen Receivables Finance Corporation V, our wholly-owned, special purpose
finance subsidiary ("BRFC V"), and BRFC V sells the receivables to an owners'
trust (a qualified special purpose entity) without recourse to us or BRFC V
except for breaches of certain representations and warranties at the time of
sale. We did not enter into any guarantees in connection with the RFL Purchase
Facility. The RFL Purchase Facility has detailed requirements with respect to
the eligibility of receivables for purchase, and fundings under the RFL Purchase
Facility are subject to certain conditions precedent. Under the RFL Purchase
Facility, a variable purchase price of 85.00% of the principal balance of the
receivables sold, subject to certain terms and conditions, is paid at closing in
cash. The balance of the purchase price is deferred until such time as RFL has
received a specified return and all servicing, custodial, agent and similar fees
and expenses have been paid.

On September 30, 2004, we executed an extension of the RFL Purchase Facility to
allow for sales of notes receivable for a cumulative purchase price of up to
$100.0 million on a revolving basis through September 29, 2005, at a variable
purchase price of 85.00% of the principal balance, subject to the eligibility
requirements and certain conditions precedent. RFL earns a return equal to the
one-month London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus an additional return of
3.25%, subject to use of alternate return rates in certain circumstances. In
addition, through September 2005, RFL receives a 0.25% annual program fee. We
act as servicer under the RFL Purchase Facility for a fee.

On September 29, 2004, we sold $25.9 million in vacation ownership receivables
pursuant to the RFL Purchase Facility. We received $22.0 million in cash
proceeds from this sale of receivables and recognized a $4.4 million retained
interest, a $268,000 servicing asset and a $701,000 gain on sale. As of December
31, 2004, the remaining availability under the RFL Purchase Facility was $79.0
million, subject to eligibility requirements and conditions precedent.

The RFL Purchase Facility includes various conditions to purchase, covenants,
trigger events and other provisions customary for a transaction of this type.
RFL's obligation to purchase under the RFL Purchase Facility may terminate upon
the occurrence of specified events. These specified events, some of which are
subject to materiality qualifiers and cure periods, include, without limitation,
(i) our breach of the representations or warranties in the RFL Purchase
Facility; (ii) our failure to perform our covenants in the RFL Purchase
Facility, including, without limitation, a failure to pay principal or interest
due to RFL; (iii) our commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding or the like; (iv)
a material adverse change to us since December 31, 2001; (v) the amount borrowed
under the RFL Purchase Facility exceeding the borrowing base; (vi) significant
delinquencies or defaults on the receivables sold; (vii) a payment default by us
under any other borrowing arrangement of $5 million or more, or an event of
default under any indenture, facility or agreement that results in a default
under any borrowing arrangement; (viii) a default or breach under any other
agreement beyond the applicable grace period if such default or breach (a)
involves the failure to make a payment in excess of 5% of our tangible net worth
or (b) causes, or permits the holder of indebtedness to cause, an amount in
excess of 5% of our tangible net worth to become due; (ix) our tangible net
worth not equaling at least $110 million plus 50% of net income and 100% of the
proceeds


                                                                              51

<PAGE>

from new equity financing following the first closing under the RFL Purchase
Facility; (x) the ratio of our debt to tangible net worth exceeding 6 to 1; or
(xi) our failure to perform our servicing obligations.

The 2004 Term Securitization. On July 8, 2004, BB&T Capital Markets, a division
of Scott & Stringfellow, Inc., consummated a $156.6 million private offering and
sale of vacation ownership receivable-backed securities on our behalf (the "2004
Term Securitization"). The $172.1 million in aggregate principal of vacation
ownership receivables offered and sold in the 2004 Term Securitization included
$152.8 million in aggregate principal of qualified receivables that were
previously sold to RFL under the Purchase Facility. The proceeds from the 2004
Term Securitization were used to pay RFL all amounts outstanding under the
Purchase Facility, pay fees associated with the transaction to third-parties,
deposit initial amounts in a required cash reserve account and provided net cash
proceeds of $1.3 million to us. We also received certain VOIs that were being
held in the Purchase Facility in connection with previously defaulted
receivables, certain vacation ownership notes receivable previously held in the
Purchase Facility which did not qualify for the 2004 Term Securitization and a
retained interest in the future cash flows from the 2004 Term Securitization.

In addition, the 2004 Term Securitization allowed for an additional $19.3
million in aggregate principal of our qualifying vacation ownership receivables
(the "Pre-funded Receivables") that could be sold by us through October 6, 2004
to Bluegreen Receivables Finance Corporation VIII, our wholly-owned, special
purpose finance subsidiary ("BRFC VIII"). BRFC VIII would then sell the
Pre-funded Receivables to an owners' trust (a qualified special purpose entity)
without recourse to BRFC VIII or us, except for breaches of certain
representations and warranties at the time of sale. On August 13, 2004 and
August 24, 2004, we sold $7.6 million and $11.7 million, respectively, of the
Pre-funded Receivables to BRFC VIII, which then sold the Pre-funded Receivables
to the owners' trust. We received proceeds of $6.9 million and $10.6 million (at
an advance rate of 91%) from the sale of the Pre-funded Receivables on August
13, 2004 and August 24, 2004, respectively.

As a result of the 2004 Term Securitization and the sale of the Pre-funded
Receivables, we recognized a $2.6 million gain on sale.

The GE Purchase Facility. On August 3, 2004, we executed agreements for a
vacation ownership receivables purchase facility (the "GE Purchase Facility")
with General Electric Capital Corporation ("GE"). The GE Purchase Facility
utilizes an owner's trust structure, pursuant to which we sell receivables to
Bluegreen Receivables Finance Corporation VII, our wholly-owned, special purpose
finance subsidiary ("BRFC VII"), and BRFC VII sells the receivables to an
owner's trust (a qualified special purpose entity) without recourse to us or
BRFC VII except for breaches of certain customary representations and warranties
at the time of sale. We did not enter into any guarantees in connection with the
GE Purchase Facility. The GE Purchase Facility has detailed requirements with
respect to the eligibility of receivables for purchase, and fundings under the
GE Purchase Facility are subject to certain conditions precedent. Under the GE
Purchase Facility, a variable purchase price of approximately 89.5% of the
principal balance of the receivables sold (79.5% in the case of receivables
originated in Aruba), subject to adjustment under certain terms and conditions,
is paid at closing in cash. The balance of the purchase price is deferred until
such time as GE has received a specified return, a specified
overcollateralization ratio is achieved, a cash reserve account is fully funded
and all servicing, custodial, agent and similar fees and expenses have been
paid. GE earns a return equal to the applicable Swap Rate (which is essentially
a published interest swap arrangement rate as defined in the GE Purchase
Facility agreements) plus 3.50%, subject to use of alternate return rates in
certain circumstances. In addition, we paid GE a structuring fee of
approximately $938,000 in October 2004. We act as servicer under the GE Purchase
Facility for a fee.

The GE Purchase Facility allows for sales of notes receivable for a cumulative
purchase price of up to $125.0 million for a period which ends on October 2,
2006. On December 30, 2004, we sold $43.4 million in vacation ownership
receivables pursuant to the GE Purchase Facility. We received $38.6 million in
cash proceeds from this sale of receivables and recognized a $6.1 million
retained interest, a $480,000 servicing asset and a $1.7 million gain on sale.
After this sale, the remaining availability under the GE Purchase Facility was
$86.4 million, subject to eligibility requirements and conditions precedent.


                                                                              52

<PAGE>

The GE Purchase Facility includes various conditions to purchase, covenants,
trigger events and other provisions customary for a transaction of this type.
GE's obligation to purchase under the GE Purchase Facility may terminate earlier
than the dates noted above upon the occurrence of certain specified events set
forth in the GE Purchase Facility agreements. These specified events, some of
which are subject to materiality qualifiers and cure periods, include, without
limitation, (i) the aggregate amount of all advances under the GE Purchase
Facility equaling $125.0 million; (ii) our breach of the representations or
warranties in the GE Purchase Facility; (iii) our failure to perform our
covenants in the GE Purchase Facility; (iv) our commencement of a bankruptcy
proceeding or the like; (v) the amount of any advance under the GE Purchase
Facility failing to meet a specified overcollateralization amount; (vi)
significant delinquencies or defaults on the receivables sold; (vii) recovery
rates falling below a pre-determined amount; (viii) a default or breach under
any other agreement beyond the applicable grace period if such default or breach
(a) involves the failure to make a payment in excess of 5% of our Tangible Net
Worth (as defined in the GE Purchase Facility agreements to include our
subordinated debentures) or (b) causes, or permits the holder of indebtedness to
cause, an amount in excess of 5% of our Tangible Net Worth to become due; (ix)
our Tangible Net Worth at the end of any calendar quarter not equaling at least
$185.0 million plus 50% of net income following June 30, 2004; (x) the ratio of
our debt (excluding our subordinated debentures and, after the expiration of the
funding period, up to $600.0 million of receivable-backed indebtedness) to
Tangible Net Worth exceeding 2.25 to 1; (xi) the ratio of our consolidated
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to our interest
expense (net of interest income) falling below 2.00 to 1; (xii) the number of
points available in the Bluegreen Vacation Club to be less than approximately
623.6 million; (xiii) our ceasing to conduct the vacation ownership business and
originate vacation ownership receivables or if certain changes in our ownership
or control occur; (xiv) the failure of certain of our resorts to be part of the
Bluegreen Vacation Club or be managed by us, one of our subsidiaries or another
entity acceptable to GE; (xv) operating budgets and reserve accounts maintained
by the property owners' associations responsible for maintaining certain of our
resorts failing to comply with applicable laws and governing documents; (xvi)
our failure to discharge, stay or bond pending appeal any final judgments for
the payment of an amount in excess of 2.5% of our Tangible Net Worth in a timely
manner; (xvii) our default under or breach of certain resort management or
marketing contracts; or (xviii) our failure to perform our servicing
obligations, otherwise have our servicing rights terminated or if we do not
exercise the Servicer Purchase Option pursuant to the terms of the GE Purchase
Facility.

The BB&T Purchase Facility. On December 31, 2004, we executed agreements for a
vacation ownership receivables purchase facility (the "BB&T Purchase Facility")
with Branch Banking and Trust Company ("BB&T"). The BB&T Purchase Facility
utilizes an owner's trust structure, pursuant to which we sell receivables to
Bluegreen Receivables Finance Corporation IX, our wholly-owned, special purpose
finance subsidiary ("BRFC IX"), and BRFC IX sells the receivables to an owner's
trust (a qualified special purpose entity) without recourse to us or BRFC IX
except for breaches of certain customary representations and warranties at the
time of sale. We did not enter into any guarantees in connection with the BB&T
Purchase Facility. The BB&T Purchase Facility has detailed requirements with
respect to the eligibility of receivables for purchase, and fundings under the
BB&T Purchase Facility are subject to certain conditions precedent. Under the
BB&T Purchase Facility, a variable purchase price of approximately 85.0% of the
principal balance of the receivables sold, subject to certain terms and
conditions, is paid at closing in cash. The balance of the purchase price is
deferred until such time as BB&T has received a specified return and all
servicing, custodial, agent and similar fees and expenses have been paid. BB&T
earns a return equal to the commercial paper rate plus an additional return of
1.15%, subject to use of alternate return rates in certain circumstances. In
addition, we paid BB&T structuring and other fees totaling $1.1 million in
December 2004. We act as servicer under the BB&T Purchase Facility for a fee.
The BB&T Purchase Facility allows for sales of notes receivable for a cumulative
purchase price of up to $140.0 million, the commitment for $40.0 million of
which expires on July 5, 2005, and the remainder of which expires on December
30, 2005.

The BB&T Purchase Facility includes various conditions to purchase, covenants,
trigger events and other provisions customary for a transaction of this type.
BB&T's obligation to purchase under the BB&T Purchase Facility may terminate
earlier than the dates noted above upon the occurrence of certain specified


                                                                              53

<PAGE>

events set forth in the BB&T Purchase Facility agreements. These specified
events, some of which are subject to materiality qualifiers and cure periods,
include, without limitation, (i) our breach of the representations or warranties
in the BB & T Purchase Facility; (ii) our failure to perform our covenants in
the BB & T Purchase Facility, including, without limitation, a failure to pay
principal or interest due to BB & T; (iii) our commencement of a bankruptcy
proceeding or the like; (iv) a materially adverse change to us since December
31, 2004; (v) the amount borrowed under the BB & T Purchase Facility exceeding
the borrowing base; (vi) significant delinquencies or defaults on the
receivables sold, or serviced by us generally; (vii) a payment default by us
under any other borrowing arrangement when such arrangement is an obligation in
excess of 5% of our tangible net worth or an event of default under any
indenture, facility or agreement that causes or permits the holder of such
obligation to cause such financing arrangement to become due and payable; (viii)
a default or breach under any other agreement beyond the applicable grace period
if such default or breach (a) involves the failure to make a payment in excess
of 5% of our tangible net worth or (b) causes or permits the holder of
indebtedness to cause, an amount in excess of 5% of our tangible net worth to
become due; (ix) our tangible net worth not equaling at least 80% of our
tangible net worth at December 31, 2003 plus 80% of any increase in our tangible
net worth thereafter; (x) the ratio of our debt to tangible net worth exceeding
3 to 1; or (xi) our failure to perform our servicing obligations. We have chosen
to monetize our receivables through the RFL Purchase Facility, the GE Purchase
Facility, the BB&T Purchase Facility (collectively, the "Purchase Facilities")
and, historically, other similar facilities, as these off-balance sheet
arrangements provide us with cash inflows both currently and in the future at
what we believe to be competitive rates without adding leverage to our balance
sheet or retaining recourse for losses on the receivables sold. In addition,
these sale transactions have generated gains on our income statement on a
quarterly basis, which would not be realized under a traditional financing
arrangement.

The Purchase Facilities discussed above are the only ongoing receivables
purchase facilities under which we currently have the ability to sell
receivables. We are currently negotiating terms for a potential new vacation
ownership receivables purchase facility with an unaffiliated financial
institution. There is no assurance that this potential new facility will be
obtained on favorable terms or at all. Factors which could adversely impact our
ability to obtain new or additional vacation ownership receivable purchase
facilities include a downturn in general economic conditions; negative trends in
the commercial paper or LIBOR markets; increases in interest rates; a decrease
in the number of financial institutions or other entities willing to enter into
facilities with vacation ownership companies; a deterioration in the performance
of our vacation ownership notes receivable or in the performance of portfolios
sold in prior transactions, specifically increased delinquency, default and loss
severity rates; and a deterioration in our performance generally. There can be
no assurance that we will obtain new purchase facilities to replace the Purchase
Facilities when these facilities are fully funded or expire. As indicated above,
our inability to sell vacation ownership receivables under a current or future
facility could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity. However,
management believes that to the extent we could not sell receivables under a
purchase facility, we could potentially mitigate the adverse impact on our
liquidity by using our receivables as collateral under existing or future credit
facilities.

Historically, we have also been a party to a number of securitization-type
transactions, all of which in our opinion utilize customary structures and terms
for transactions of this type. In each securitization-type transaction, we sold
receivables to a wholly-owned special purpose entity which, in turn, sold the
receivables either directly to third parties or to a trust established for the
transaction. In each transaction, the receivables were sold on a non-recourse
basis (except for breaches of certain representations and warranties) and the
special purpose entity has a retained interest in the receivables sold. We have
acted as servicer of the receivables pools in each transaction for a fee, with
the servicing obligations specified under the applicable transaction documents.
Under the terms of the applicable securitization transaction, the cash payments
received from obligors on the receivables sold are distributed to the investors
(which, depending on the transaction, may acquire the receivables directly or
purchase an interest in, or make loans secured by the receivables to, a trust
that owns the receivables), parties providing services in connection with the
facility, and our special purpose subsidiary as the holder of the retained
interests in the receivables according to specified formulas. In general,
available funds are applied monthly to pay fees to service providers, make
interest and principal payments to investors, fund required reserves, if any,
and pay


                                                                              54
<PAGE>

distributions in respect of the retained interests in the receivables. Pursuant
to the terms of the transaction documents, however, to the extent the portfolio
of receivables fails to satisfy specified performance criteria (as may occur due
to an increase in default rates or loan loss severity) or other trigger events,
the funds received from obligors are distributed on an accelerated basis to
investors. In effect, during a period in which the accelerated payment formula
is applicable, funds go to outside investors until they receive the full amount
owed to them and only then are payments made to our subsidiary in its capacity
as the holder of the retained interests. Depending on the circumstances and the
transaction, the application of the accelerated payment formula may be permanent
or temporary until the trigger event is cured. If the accelerated payment
formula were to become applicable, the cash flow on the retained interests in
the receivables would be reduced until the outside investors were paid or the
regular payment formula was resumed. Such a reduction in cash flow could cause a
decline in the fair value of our retained interests in the receivables sold.
Declines in fair value that are determined to be other than temporary are
charged to operations in the current period. In each facility, the failure of
the pool of receivables to comply with specified portfolio covenants can create
a trigger event, which results in the use of the accelerated payment formula (in
certain circumstances until the trigger event is cured and in other
circumstances permanently) and, to the extent there was any remaining commitment
to purchase receivables from our special purpose subsidiary, the suspension or
termination of that commitment. In addition, in each securitization facility
certain breaches of our obligations as servicer or other events allow the
indenture trustee to cause the servicing to be transferred to a substitute third
party servicer. In that case, our obligation to service the receivables would
terminate and we would cease to receive a servicing fee.

We recognized an other-than-temporary decrease of $2.1 million during the year
ended December 31, 2004, in the fair value of our retained interest in a 2002
vacation ownership receivables securitization transaction, based on higher than
projected default rates in the portfolio sold.

The following is a summary of significant financial information related to the
Purchase Facilities and prior similar facilities during the periods presented
below (in thousands):

                                December 31,   December 31,
                                    2003           2004
                                ------------   ------------
On Balance Sheet:

Retained interests in notes
   receivable sold                $ 60,975       $ 72,099
Servicing assets (included in
   other assets)                     2,677          3,357

Off-Balance Sheet:

Notes receivable sold without
   recourse                        266,662        326,076
Principal balance owed to
   note receivable purchasers      238,258        297,122

                                                    Year Ended
                                    ------------------------------------------
                                    December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                        2002           2003           2004
                                    ------------   ------------   ------------
Income Statement:

Gain on sales of notes receivable      $12,101        $6,563        $ 8,612
Interest accretion on retained
   interests in notes receivable
   sold                                  5,556         5,076          4,743
Servicing fee income                     3,311         3,841          4,423
Amortization of servicing assets          (472)         (758)        (1,052)

Credit Facilities for Bluegreen Resorts' Receivables and Inventories

In addition to the vacation ownership receivables purchase facilities discussed
above, we maintain various credit facilities with financial institutions that
provide receivable, acquisition and development financing for our vacation
ownership projects.


                                                                              55

<PAGE>

The GMAC Receivables Facility. In February 2003, we entered into a revolving
vacation ownership receivables credit facility (the "GMAC Receivables Facility")
with Residential Funding Corporation ("RFC"), an affiliate of GMAC. The
borrowing limit under the GMAC Receivables Facility, as increased by amendment,
is $75.0 million. The borrowing period on the GMAC Receivables Facility, as
amended, expires on September 15, 2006, and outstanding borrowings mature no
later than September 15, 2013. The GMAC Receivables Facility has detailed
requirements with respect to the eligibility of receivables for inclusion and
other conditions to funding. The borrowing base under the GMAC Receivables
Facility is 90% of the outstanding principal balance of eligible notes arising
from the sale of VOIs. The GMAC Receivables Facility includes affirmative,
negative and financial covenants and events of default. All principal and
interest payments received on pledged receivables are applied to principal and
interest due under the GMAC Receivables Facility. Indebtedness under the
facility bears interest at LIBOR plus 4.00% (6.40% at December 31, 2004). During
the year ended December 31, 2004, we pledged approximately $28.7 million in
aggregate principal balance of vacation ownership receivables under the GMAC
Receivables Facility and received $25.8 million in cash borrowings. As of
December 31, 2004, $32.9 million was outstanding under the GMAC Receivables
Facility.

The GMAC AD&C Facility. RFC has also provided us with a $75.0 million
acquisition, development and construction revolving credit facility for
Bluegreen Resorts (the "GMAC AD&C Facility"). The borrowing period on the GMAC
AD&C Facility, as amended, expires on September 15, 2006, and outstanding
borrowings mature no later than September 15, 2010, although specific draws
typically are due four years from the borrowing date. Principal will be repaid
through agreed-upon release prices as VOIs are sold at the financed resorts,
subject to minimum required amortization. Indebtedness under the facility bears
interest at LIBOR plus 4.75% (7.15% at December 31, 2004). Interest payments are
due monthly. In September 2003, we borrowed $17.4 million under the GMAC AD&C
Facility in connection with our acquisition of The Fountains resort in Orlando,
Florida, all of which was still outstanding at December 31, 2004. During the
year ended December 31, 2004, we borrowed an additional $11.9 million under the
GMAC AD&C Facility to fund the development of VOIs at The Fountains. The balance
of our borrowings under the GMAC AD&C Facility is collateralized by VOIs and
land held for future development at our 51%-owned Big Cedar Wilderness Club
resort. As of December 31, 2004, $30.7 million was outstanding under the GMAC
AD&C Facility.

The Textron Facility. During December 2003, we signed a combination $30.0
million Acquisition and Development and Timeshare Receivables facility with
Textron Financial Corporation (the "Textron Facility"). The borrowing period for
acquisition and development loans under the Textron Facility expired on October
1, 2004, and outstanding acquisition and development borrowings mature no later
than January 1, 2006. The borrowing period for vacation ownership receivables
loans under the Textron Facility expires on March 1, 2006, and outstanding
vacation ownership receivables borrowings mature no later than June 30, 2009.
Principal is being repaid semi-annually commencing September 14, 2004, subject
to minimum required amortization, with the balance due upon the earlier of i)
the date that 85% of the VOIs in the financed resort are sold or ii) the
maturity date. Acquisition and development indebtedness under the facility bears
interest at the prime lending rate plus 1.25%, subject to a minimum interest
rate of 6.25%. Interest payments are due monthly. We utilized this facility to
borrow approximately $9.6 million of the purchase price of The Hammocks at
Marathon resort in December 2003. Receivable-backed borrowings under the Textron
Facility bears interest at the prime lending rate plus 1.00%, subject to a 6.00%
minimum interest rate. During the year ended December 31, 2004, we borrowed an
additional $996,000 under the Textron Facility to finance a portion of the cost
of renovations at The Hammocks at Marathon, and $4.8 million collateralized by
$5.3 million of vacation ownership receivables. As of December 31, 2004, $10.9
million was outstanding under the Textron Facility.

The RFL A&D Facility. On January 11, 2005, we entered into a $50.0 million
revolving credit facility with RFL (the "RFL A&D Facility"). We use the proceeds
from the RFL A&D Facility to finance the acquisition and development of vacation
ownership resorts. The RFL A&D Facility is secured by 1) a first mortgage and
lien on all assets purchased with the RFL A&D Facility; 2) a first assignment of
all construction contracts, related documents, building permits and completion
bond; 3) a negative pledge of


                                                                              56

<PAGE>

our interest in any management, marketing, maintenance or service contracts; and
4) a first assignment of all operating agreements, rents and other revenues at
the vacation ownership resorts which serve as collateral for the RFL A&D
Facility, subject to any requirements of the respective property owners'
associations. Borrowings under the RFL A&D Facility can be made through January
10, 2007. Principal payments will be effected through agreed-upon release prices
paid to RFL as vacation ownership interests in the resorts that serve as
collateral for the RFL A&D Facility are sold. The outstanding principal balance
of any borrowings under the RFL A&D Facility must be repaid by January 10, 2008.
The interest charged on outstanding borrowings will be the 30-day LIBOR plus
3.90%, subject to a 6.90% floor, and will be payable monthly. We are required to
pay a commitment fee equal to 1.00% of the $50.0 million facility amount, which
will be paid at the time of each borrowing under the RFL A&D Facility as 1.00%
of each borrowing with the balance being paid on the unutilized facility amount
on January 10, 2007. In addition, we are required to pay a program fee equal to
0.125% of the $50.0 million facility amount per annum, payable monthly. The RFL
A&D Facility documents include customary conditions to funding, acceleration
provisions and certain financial affirmative and negative covenants. On January
11, 2005, we borrowed $9.5 million under the RFL A&D Facility in connection with
the acquisition of the Daytona Surfside Inn & Suites resort in Daytona Beach,
Florida (the "Daytona Resort"). The total commitment under the RFL A&D Facility
for the Daytona Resort is $14.7 million, the $5.2 million balance of which will
be borrowed during 2005 to fund refurbishment of the Daytona Resort.

Under an existing $30.0 million revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo
Foothill, Inc. ("Foothill") primarily used for borrowings collateralized by
Bluegreen Communities receivables and inventory, we can also borrow up to $10.0
million of the facility collateralized by the pledge of vacation ownership
receivables. See "Credit Facilities for Bluegreen Communities' Receivables and
Inventories," below, for further details on this facility.

Credit Facilities for Bluegreen Communities' Receivables and Inventories

The Foothill Facility. We have a $30.0 million revolving credit facility with
Foothill secured by the pledge of Bluegreen Communities' receivables, with up to
$10.0 million of the total facility available for Bluegreen Communities'
inventory borrowings and, as indicated above, up to $10.0 million of the total
facility available for the pledge of Bluegreen Resorts' receivables (the
"Foothill Facility"). The Foothill Facility requires principal payments based on
agreed-upon release prices as homesites in the encumbered communities are sold
and bears interest at the prime lending rate plus 1.25% (6.50% at December 31,
2004), payable monthly. The interest rate charged on outstanding receivable
borrowings under the Foothill Facility, as amended, is the prime lending rate
plus 0.25% (5.50% at December 31, 2004) when the average monthly outstanding
loan balance is greater than or equal to $15.0 million. If the average monthly
outstanding loan balance is less than $15.0 million, the interest rate is the
greater of 4.00% or the prime lending rate plus 0.50% (5.75% at December 31,
2004). All principal and interest payments received on pledged receivables are
applied to principal and interest due under the Foothill Facility. We can borrow
under the Foothill Facility through December 31, 2006. At December 31, 2004, the
outstanding principal balance under this facility was approximately $12.7
million, approximately $6.7 million of which is collateralized by our Traditions
of Braselton golf course community in Braselton, Georgia, $4.3 million of which
related to Bluegreen Communities' receivables borrowings and $1.6 million of
which related to Bluegreen Resorts' receivables borrowings. Outstanding
indebtedness related to the Traditions of Braselton borrowing is due on March
10, 2006 and the maturity date for borrowings collateralized by receivables is
December 31, 2008.

The GMAC Communities Facility. We have a $50.0 million revolving credit facility
with RFC (the "GMAC Communities Facility"). The GMAC Communities Facility is
secured by the real property homesites (and personal property related thereto)
at the following Bluegreen Communities projects, as well as any Bluegreen
Communities projects acquired by us with funds borrowed under the GMAC
Communities Facility (the "Secured Projects"): Brickshire (New Kent County,
Virginia); Mountain Lakes Ranch (Bluffdale, Texas); Ridge Lake Shores (Magnolia,
Texas); Riverwood Forest (Fulshear, Texas); Waterstone (Boerne, Texas); Catawba
Falls Preserve (Black Mountain, North Carolina); Lake Ridge at Joe Pool Lake
(Cedar Hill and Grand Prairie, Texas); Mystic Shores at Canyon Lake (Spring
Branch, Texas); and


                                                                              57

<PAGE>

Yellowstone Creek Ranch (Pueblo, Colorado). In addition, the GMAC Communities
Facility is secured by our Carolina National and The Preserve at Jordan Lake
golf courses in Southport, North Carolina and Chapel Hill, North Carolina,
respectively. Borrowings can be drawn on such projects through September 25,
2006. Principal payments are effected through agreed-upon release prices paid to
RFC as homesites in the Secured Projects are sold. The outstanding principal
balance of any borrowings under the GMAC Communities Facility must be repaid by
September 25, 2006. The interest charged on outstanding borrowings is at the
prime lending rate plus 1.00% (6.25% at December 31, 2004) and is payable
monthly. The GMAC Communities Facility includes customary conditions to funding,
acceleration and event of default provisions and certain financial affirmative
and negative covenants. We use the proceeds from the GMAC Communities Facility
to repay outstanding indebtedness on Bluegreen Communities projects, finance the
acquisition and development of Bluegreen Communities projects and for general
corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2004, $6.5 million was outstanding under
the GMAC Communities Facility.

Over the past several years, substantially all of our homesite sales have been
for cash and we have not provided a significant amount of financing to homesite
purchasers. Accordingly, in recent years we have reduced the borrowing capacity
under credit agreements secured by Bluegreen Communities' receivables. We
attribute the significant volume of cash sales to an increased willingness on
the part of banks to extend direct customer homesite financing at attractive
interest rates. No assurances can be given that local banks will continue to
provide such customer financing.

Historically, we have funded development for road and utility construction,
amenities, surveys and engineering fees from internal operations and have
financed the acquisition of Bluegreen Communities properties through seller,
bank or financial institution loans. Terms for repayment under these loans
typically call for interest to be paid monthly and principal to be repaid
through homesite releases. The release price is usually an amount based on a
pre-determined percentage (typically 25% to 55%) of the gross selling price of
the homesites in the subdivision. In addition, the agreements generally call for
minimum cumulative annual amortization. When we provide financing for our
customers (and therefore the release price is not available in cash at closing
to repay the lender), we are required to pay the lender with cash derived from
other operating activities, principally from cash sales or the pledge of
receivables originated from earlier property sales.

Trust Preferred Debt

We have also formed a statutory business trust ("Trust") for the purpose of
issuing Trust Preferred Securities ("trust preferred securities") and investing
the proceeds thereof in our junior subordinated debentures. On March 15, 2005,
the Trust issued $22.5 million of trust preferred securities. The Trust used the
proceeds from issuing trust preferred securities to purchase an identical amount
of junior subordinated debentures from us. Interest on the junior subordinated
debentures and distributions on the trust preferred securities will be payable
quarterly in arrears at a fixed rate of 9.16% through March 30, 2010 and
thereafter at a floating rate of 4.90% over 3-month LIBOR until the scheduled
maturity date of March 30, 2035. Distributions on the trust preferred securities
will be cumulative and based upon the liquidation value of the trust preferred
security. The trust preferred securities will be subject to mandatory
redemption, in whole or in part, upon repayment of the junior subordinated
debentures at maturity or their earlier redemption. The junior subordinated
debentures are redeemable five years from the issue date or sooner following
certain specified events. In addition, we contributed $696,000 to the Trust in
exchange for the Trust's common securities, all of which are owned by us, and
those proceeds were also used to purchase an identical amount of junior
subordinated debentures from us. The terms of the Trust's common securities are
nearly identical to the trust preferred securities.

The issuance of trust preferred securities was part of a larger pooled trust
securities offering which was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933.
Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes. We also expect to create
similar trusts and participate in other pooled trust preferred securities
transactions in the future as a source of additional financing for our
operations.


                                                                              58

<PAGE>

Unsecured Credit Facility

We have a $15.0 million unsecured line-of-credit with Wachovia Bank, N.A.
Amounts borrowed under the line bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.0% (4.4% at
December 31, 2004). Interest is due monthly and all outstanding amounts are due
on June 30, 2006. We are only allowed to borrow under the line-of-credit in
amounts less than the remaining availability under our current, active vacation
ownership receivables purchase facilities plus availability under certain
receivables warehouse facilities, less any outstanding letters of credit. The
line-of-credit agreement contains certain covenants and conditions typical of
arrangements of this type. As of December 31, 2004, no borrowings were
outstanding under the line. there are an aggregate of $1.6 million of
irrevocable letters of credit under this line-of-credit which were required in
connection with the obtaining of plats for one of our Bluegreen Communities
projects. These letters of credit expire in 2005. This line-of-credit is an
available source of short-term liquidity for us, although we have not drawn any
borrowings under this facility recently.

Commitments

Our material commitments as of December 31, 2004 included the required payments
due on our receivable-backed debt, lines of credit and other notes payable,
commitments to complete our vacation ownership and communities projects based on
our sales contracts with customers and commitments under noncancelable operating
leases.

The following table summarizes the contractual minimum principal payments
required on all of our outstanding debt (including our receivable-backed debt,
lines-of-credit and other notes and debentures payable) and our noncancelable
operating leases as of December 31, 2004, by period due (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Payments Due by Period
                                    --------------------------------------------------
                                      Less
                                      than     1 -- 3    4 -- 5    After 5
     Contractual Obligations         1 year    Years      Years     Years      Total
     -----------------------         ------   -------   --------   -------   --------
<S>                                 <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>
Receivable-backed notes payable     $    --   $    --   $ 10,774   $32,921   $ 43,695
Lines-of-credit and notes payable    30,962    40,944         44        --     71,950
10.5% senior secured notes               --        --    110,000        --    110,000
Noncancelable operating leases        5,661     8,304      5,475     5,592     25,032
                                    -------   -------   --------   -------   --------
Total contractual obligations       $36,623   $49,248   $126,293   $38,513   $250,677
                                    =======   =======   ========   =======   ========
</TABLE>

We intend to use cash flow from operations, including cash received from the
sale of vacation ownership notes receivable, and cash received from new
borrowings under existing or future debt facilities in order to satisfy the
principal payments in the Contractual Obligations. While we believe that we will
be able to meet all required debt payments when due, there can be no assurance
that this will be the case.

As noted above, we have $1.6 million in letters-of-credit outstanding at
December 31, 2004, all of which were issued under the unsecured line-of-credit
with Wachovia Bank, N.A. These letters-of-credit, which expire in 2005, were
required in connection with the obtaining of governmental approval of plats for
one of our Bluegreen Communities projects.

We estimate that the total cash required to complete resort buildings in which
sales have occurred and resort amenities and other common costs in projects in
which sales have occurred to be approximately $28.1 million as of December 31,
2004. We estimate that the total cash required to complete our Bluegreen
Communities projects in which sales have occurred to be approximately $84.4
million as of December 31, 2004. These amounts assume that we are not obligated
to develop any building, project or amenity in which a commitment has not been
made through a sales contract to a customer; however, we anticipate that we will
incur such obligations in the future. We plan to fund these expenditures over
the next five years primarily with available capacity on existing or proposed
credit facilities and cash generated from


                                                                              59

<PAGE>

operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the
financing or generate the cash from operations necessary to complete the
foregoing plans or that actual costs will not exceed those estimated.

During 2004, we executed various agreements with Carolinian Resort Development
LLC ("CRD") to develop a vacation ownership resort in Myrtle Beach, South
Carolina (the "Carolinian Resort"). CRD is obtaining zoning and other approvals
(collectively, the "Approvals") for this project and is responsible for
constructing the Carolinian Resort for sale to us upon its completion pursuant
to plans and specifications agreed-upon by us. The purchase price of the
completed Carolinian Resort is anticipated to be $20.6 million, $2.9 million of
which has been paid by us as a deposit and is being held in escrow as of
December 31, 2004. Should CRD default under the agreements governing the
construction and sale of the Carolinian Resort to us, we may exercise certain
remedies including termination of the agreements and receiving a refund for our
deposit or obtaining specific performance. The Carolinian Resort is expected to
be completed in November 2005. RFC has agreed to provide financing to us for the
purchase of the Carolinian Resort under the GMAC AD&C Facility, and hence this
borrowing would mature in November 2009. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources --
Credit Facilities for Bluegreen Resorts' Receivables and Inventories" for a
discussion of the terms of the GMAC AD&C Facility.

We believe that our existing cash, anticipated cash generated from operations,
anticipated future permitted borrowings under existing or proposed credit
facilities and anticipated future sales of notes receivable under the purchase
facility and one or more replacement facilities we will seek to put in place
will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital, capital expenditures
and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future. We will be required to
renew or replace credit and receivables purchase facilities that have expired or
that will expire in the near term. We will, in the future, also require
additional credit facilities or will be required to issue corporate debt or
equity securities in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. Any debt
incurred or issued by us may be secured or unsecured, bear fixed or variable
rate interest and may be subject to such terms as the lender may require and
management deems prudent. There can be no assurance that the credit facilities
or receivables purchase facilities which have expired or which are scheduled to
expire in the near term will be renewed or replaced or that sufficient funds
will be available from operations or under existing, proposed or future
revolving credit or other borrowing arrangements or receivables purchase
facilities to meet our cash needs, including, our debt service obligations. To
the extent we are not able to sell notes receivable or borrow under such
facilities, our ability to satisfy our obligations would be materially adversely
affected.

We have a large number of credit facilities, indentures, and other outstanding
debt instruments, and receivables purchase facilities which include customary
conditions to funding, eligibility requirements for collateral, cross-default
and other acceleration provisions, certain financial and other affirmative and
negative covenants, including, among others, limits on the incurrence of
indebtedness, limits on the repurchase of securities, payment of dividends,
investments in joint ventures and other restricted payments, the incurrence of
liens, transactions with affiliates, covenants concerning net worth, fixed
charge coverage requirements, debt-to-equity ratios, portfolio performance
requirements and events of default or termination. No assurance can be given
that we will not be required to seek waivers of such covenants or that such
covenants will not limit our ability to raise funds, sell receivables, satisfy
or refinance our obligations or otherwise adversely affect our operations. In
addition, our future operating performance and ability to meet our financial
obligations will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial,
business and other factors, many of which will be beyond our control.

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

Foreign Currency Risk

Our total revenues and net assets denominated in a currency other than U.S.
dollars during the year ended December 31, 2004 were less than 1% of
consolidated revenues and consolidated assets, respectively. Sales generated and
long-term debt incurred to date by Bluegreen Properties, N.V., our subsidiary in
Aruba, are transacted in U.S. dollars. The effects of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates have not historically been significant to our operations
or net assets.

                                                                              60

<PAGE>

Interest Rate Risk

We sold $125.6 million, $110.5 million and $ 149.2 of fixed-rate vacation
ownership notes receivable during the nine months ended December 31, 2002, the
year ended December 31, 2003, and the year ended December 31, 2004,
respectively, under the Purchase Facilities, the 2002 Term Securitization, the
2004 Term Securitization (the latter two collectively, the "Term
Securitizations") and previous timeshare receivable purchase facilities (see
Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Our gain on sale
recognized is generally based upon either fixed or variable interest rates at
the time of sale including the prevailing weighted-average term treasury rate,
commercial paper rates or LIBOR rates (depending on the purchase facility in
effect) and many other factors including, but not limited to the
weighted-average coupon rate and remaining contractual life of the loans sold,
and assumptions regarding the constant prepayment rate, loss severity, annual
default and discount rates. We believe that we have used appropriate assumptions
in valuing the residual interests retained in the vacation ownership and land
notes sold through the Purchase Facilities and the Term Securitizations and that
such assumptions should mitigate the impact of a hypothetical one-percentage
point interest rate change on these valuations, but there is no assurance that
the assumptions will prove to be correct.

As of December 31, 2004, we had fixed interest rate debt of approximately $112.7
million and floating interest rate debt of approximately $112.9 million. In
addition, our notes receivable from VOI and homesite customers were comprised of
$125.5 million of fixed rate loans and $6.4 million of notes bearing floating
interest rates. The floating interest rates are based either upon the prevailing
prime or LIBOR interest rates. For floating rate financial instruments, interest
rate changes do not generally affect the market value of debt but do impact
future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant.
Conversely, for fixed rate financial instruments, interest rate changes affect
the market value of the debt but do not impact earnings or cash flows.

A hypothetical one-percentage point increase in the prevailing prime or LIBOR
rates, as applicable, would decrease our after-tax earnings by an immaterial
amount per year, based on the impact of increased interest expense on variable
rate debt, partially offset by the increased interest income on variable rate
Bluegreen Communities notes receivable and cash and cash equivalents. A similar
change in the interest rate would decrease the total fair value of our fixed
rate debt, excluding our 10.5% senior secured notes payable (the "Notes"), by an
immaterial amount. The fact that the Notes are publicly traded in the
over-the-counter market makes it impractical to estimate the effect of the
hypothetical change in interest rates on the fair value of the Notes. Due to the
non-interest related factors involved in determining the fair value of these
publicly traded securities, their fair values have historically demonstrated
increased, decreased or at times contrary relationships to changes in interest
rates as compared to other types of fixed-rate debt securities. The analyses do
not consider the effects of the reduced level of overall economic activity that
could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of such a change, we
would likely attempt to take actions to mitigate our exposure to the change.
However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and
their possible effects, the sensitivity analysis assumes no changes in our
financial structure.


                                                                              61

<PAGE>

              ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                      (in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                          2003           2004
                                                                                      ------------   ------------
<S>                                                                                     <C>            <C>
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash of approximately $14,156
   and $19,396 at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively) .......................     $ 53,647       $ 98,538
Contracts receivable, net .........................................................       25,522         28,085
Notes receivable, net .............................................................       94,194        121,949
Prepaid expenses ..................................................................        9,925          7,810
Other assets ......................................................................       19,711         22,359
Inventory, net ....................................................................      219,890        205,213
Retained interests in notes receivable sold .......................................       60,975         72,099
Property and equipment, net .......................................................       63,430         74,244
Intangible assets and goodwill ....................................................        3,728          4,512
                                                                                        --------       --------
      Total assets ................................................................     $551,022       $634,809
                                                                                        ========       ========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities
Accounts payable ..................................................................     $  6,983       $ 11,552
Accrued liabilities and other .....................................................       32,791         44,351
Deferred income ...................................................................       18,646         24,235
Deferred income taxes .............................................................       43,924         58,150
Receivable-backed notes payable ...................................................       24,921         43,696
Lines-of-credit and notes payable .................................................       87,858         71,949
10.50% senior secured notes payable ...............................................      110,000        110,000
8.25% convertible subordinated debentures .........................................       34,371             --
                                                                                        --------       --------
   Total liabilities ..............................................................      359,494        363,933

Minority interest .................................................................        4,648          6,009

Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders' Equity
Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 1,000 shares authorized; none issued .............           --             --
Common stock, $.01 par value, 90,000 shares authorized; 27,702 and 32,990 shares
   issued at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively .............................          277            330
Additional paid-in capital ........................................................      124,931        167,408
Treasury stock, 2,756 common shares at both December 31, 2003 and 2004, at cost ...      (12,885)       (12,885)
Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income taxes .......................        1,830            832
Retained earnings .................................................................       72,727        109,182
                                                                                        --------       --------
   Total shareholders' equity .....................................................      186,880        264,867
                                                                                        --------       --------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity ..................................     $551,022       $634,809
                                                                                        ========       ========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              62

<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                      (in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Nine Months Ended    Year Ended     Year Ended
                                                                     December 31,     December 31,   December 31,
                                                                         2002             2003           2004
                                                                  -----------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                                   <C>               <C>            <C>
Revenues:
   Sales of real estate .......................................       $222,655          $358,312       $502,396
   Other resort and communities operations revenue ............         27,048            55,394         69,032
   Interest income ............................................         12,235            17,536         21,583
   Gain on sales of notes receivable ..........................         10,035             6,563          8,612
   Other income ...............................................             --               649             --
                                                                      --------          --------       --------
                                                                       271,973           438,454        601,623
Cost and expenses:
   Cost of real estate sales ..................................         77,923           109,010        179,722
   Cost of other resort and communities operations ............         27,243            61,021         71,728
   Selling, general and administrative expenses ...............        127,960           202,968        263,663
   Interest expense ...........................................          9,824            14,036         15,046
   Provision for loan losses ..................................          2,832             6,094          7,154
   Other expense ..............................................          1,520                --            969
                                                                      --------          --------       --------
                                                                       247,302           393,129        538,282
                                                                      --------          --------       --------
Income before minority interest and provision for income
   taxes ......................................................         24,671            45,325         63,341
Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiary ........            816             3,330          4,065
                                                                      --------          --------       --------
Income before provision for income taxes ......................         23,855            41,995         59,276
Provision for income taxes ....................................          8,479            16,168         22,821
                                                                      --------          --------       --------
Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle ..................................................         15,376            25,827         36,455
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of
   income taxes (see Note 1) ..................................         (5,929)               --             --
Minority interest in cumulative effect of change in
   accounting principle, net of income taxes ..................            350                --             --
                                                                      --------          --------       --------

Net income ....................................................       $  9,797          $ 25,827       $ 36,455
                                                                      ========          ========       ========

Earnings per common share:
   Basic:
      Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting
         principle ............................................       $    .63          $   1.05       $   1.39
      Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle,
         net of income taxes and minority interest ............           (.23)               --             --
                                                                      --------          --------       --------
      Net income ..............................................       $    .40          $   1.05       $   1.39
                                                                      ========          ========       ========
   Diluted:
      Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting
         principle ............................................       $    .58          $    .94       $   1.23
      Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle,
         net of income taxes and minority interest ............           (.19)               --             --
                                                                      --------          --------       --------
      Net income ..............................................       $    .39          $    .94       $   1.23
                                                                      ========          ========       ========

Weighted-average number of common and common equivalent
   shares:
   Basic ......................................................         24,472            24,671         26,251
                                                                      ========          ========       ========
   Diluted ....................................................         28,783            29,263         30,677
                                                                      ========          ========       ========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              63

<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Accumulated
                                                                                          Other
                                            Common            Additional   Treasury   Comprehensive
                                            Shares   Common     Paid-in    Stock at   Income, Net of   Retained
                                            Issued    Stock     Capital      Cost      Income Taxes    Earnings     Total
                                            ------   ------   ----------   --------   --------------   --------   ---------
<S>                                         <C>       <C>      <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
Balance at March 31, 2002 ...............   27,059    $271     $122,734    $(12,885)     $ 2,433       $ 37,103    $149,656
Net income ..............................       --      --           --          --           --          9,797       9,797
Net unrealized gains on retained
   interests in notes receivable sold,
   net of income taxes and
   reclassification adjustments .........       --      --           --          --       (1,973)            --      (1,973)
                                                                                                                   --------
Comprehensive income ....................                                                                             7,824
Shares issued upon exercise of stock
   options ..............................      284       2          681          --           --             --         683
Income tax benefit from stock
   options exercised ....................       --      --          120          --           --             --         120
                                            ------    ----     --------    --------      -------       --------    --------
Balance at December 31, 2002 ............   27,343     273      123,535     (12,885)         460         46,900     158,283
Net income ..............................       --      --           --          --           --         25,827      25,827
Net unrealized gains on retained
   interests in notes receivable sold,
   net of income taxes ..................       --      --           --          --        1,370             --       1,370
                                                                                                                   --------
Comprehensive income ....................                                                                            27,197
Shares issued upon exercise of stock
   options ..............................      359       4        1,208          --           --             --       1,212
Income tax benefit from stock
   options exercised ....................       --      --          188          --           --             --         188
                                            ------    ----     --------    --------      -------       --------    --------
Balance at December 31, 2003 ............   27,702     277      124,931     (12,885)       1,830         72,727     186,880
Net income ..............................       --      --           --          --           --         36,455      36,455
Net unrealized gains on retained
   interests in notes receivable sold,
   net of income taxes and
   reclassification adjustments .........       --      --           --          --         (998)            --        (998)
                                                                                                                   --------
Comprehensive income ....................                                                                            35,457
Shares issued upon exercise of stock
   options ..............................    1,150      12        6,582          --           --             --       6,594
Income tax benefit from stock
   options exercised ....................       --      --        1,961          --           --             --       1,961
Shares issued in connection with
   conversion of 8.25% convertible
   subordinated debentures ..............    4,138      41       33,934          --           --             --      33,975
                                            ------    ----     --------    --------      -------       --------    --------
Balance at December 31, 2004 ............   32,990    $330     $167,408    $(12,885)     $   832       $109,182    $264,867
                                            ======    ====     ========    ========      =======       ========    ========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to conso lidated financial statements.


                                                                              64

<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Nine Months Ended    Year Ended     Year Ended
                                                                              December 31,     December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                2002               2003           2004
                                                                           -----------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                                            <C>              <C>            <C>
Operating activities:
Net income .............................................................       $  9,797         $  25,827      $  36,455
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
   operating activities:
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net ............          5,929                --             --
   Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiary ..............            466             3,330          4,065
   Depreciation ........................................................          4,597             7,811          9,769
   Amortization ........................................................          5,741             5,812          4,901
   Amortization of discount on note payable ............................             40                --             --
   Gain on sales of notes receivable ...................................        (10,035)           (6,563)        (8,612)
   Loss (gain) on sales of property and equipment ......................            218               (76)           455
   Gain on exchange of REMIC certificates ..............................           (409)               --             --
   Provision for loan losses ...........................................          2,832             6,094          7,154
   Provision for deferred income taxes .................................          3,813            12,644         14,843
   Interest accretion on retained interests in notes receivable sold ...         (4,417)           (5,076)        (4,743)
   Proceeds from sales of notes receivable .............................         72,418            93,918        130,990
   Proceeds from borrowings collateralized by notes receivable .........          2,746            29,979         32,070
   Payments on borrowings collateralized by notes receivable ...........        (11,681)          (10,691)       (13,243)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of the effects
   of business acquisition:
   Contracts receivable ................................................          5,655            (9,292)        (2,563)
   Notes receivable ....................................................        (99,868)         (152,527)      (190,090)
   Prepaid expenses ....................................................            322              (227)          (589)
   Inventory ...........................................................         22,378            12,210         47,210
   Other assets ........................................................         (4,462)           (5,382)        (1,791)
   Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other .....................          1,618            20,889         23,479
                                                                               --------         ---------      ---------
Net cash provided by operating activities ..............................          7,698            28,680         89,760
                                                                               --------         ---------      ---------
Investing activities:
   Cash received from retained interests in notes receivable sold ......         14,555            12,817         13,589
   Principal payments received on investment in note receivable ........             --               456             --
   Business acquisition ................................................         (2,292)             (500)          (825)
   Purchases of property and equipment .................................         (4,379)          (11,893)       (18,409)
   Proceeds from sales of property and equipment .......................             48             1,084              8
                                                                               --------         ---------      ---------
Net cash provided (used) by investing activities .......................          7,932             1,964         (5,637)
                                                                               --------         ---------      ---------
Financing activities:
   Proceeds from borrowings under line-of-credit facilities and
      notes payable ....................................................         18,696            40,125         60,657
   Payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes payable ..........        (27,470)          (49,978)      (100,479)
   Payment of 8.00% convertible, subordinated notes payable to
      related parties ..................................................         (6,000)               --             --
   Payment of 8.25% subordinated convertible debentures ................             --                --           (273)
   Payment of debt issuance costs ......................................         (2,688)           (2,632)        (5,731)
   Proceeds from exercise of employee and director stock options .......            683             1,212          6,594
                                                                               --------         ---------      ---------
Net cash used by financing activities ..................................        (16,779)          (11,273)       (39,232)
                                                                               --------         ---------      ---------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ...................         (1,149)           19,371         44,891
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period .......................         35,425            34,276         53,647
                                                                               --------         ---------      ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period .............................         34,276            53,647         98,538
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ..................         (8,064)          (14,156)       (19,396)
                                                                               --------         ---------      ---------
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ................       $ 26,212         $  39,491      $  79,142
                                                                               ========         =========      =========
</TABLE>


                                                                              65

<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS--(Continued)
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Nine Months Ended    Year Ended     Year Ended
                                                                   December 31,     December 31,   December 31,
                                                                       2002             2003           2004
                                                                -----------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                                 <C>                <C>            <C>
Supplemental schedule of non-cash operating, investing and
financing activities:
Inventory acquired through foreclosure or deedback in lieu of
   foreclosure ..............................................       $ 3,951            $ 6,570        $10,926
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Inventory acquired through financing ........................       $ 2,336            $52,399        $21,276
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Exchange of REMIC certificates for notes receivable and
   inventory in connection with termination of REMIC ........       $ 2,047            $    --        $    --
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Property and equipment acquired through financing ...........       $   545            $ 8,569        $ 2,637
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Offset of Joint Venture distribution of operating proceeds to
   minority interest against the Prepayment (see Note 4) ....       $    --            $ 1,932        $ 2,704
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Retained interests in notes receivable sold .................       $18,085            $22,260        $25,467
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Notes receivable acquired through financing .................       $    --            $ 2,334        $    --
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Change in unrealized gains on retained interests in notes
   receivable sold, net of income taxes and reclassification
   adjustments ..............................................       $ 2,997            $ 2,228        $   875
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Conversion of 8.25% subordinated convertible debentures into
   common stock .............................................       $    --            $ 2,334        $34,098
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Income tax benefit from stock options exercised .............       $    --            $   362        $ 1,961
                                                                    =======            =======        =======

Supplemental schedule of operating cash flow information:
Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized ...................       $13,455            $13,600        $15,945
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
Income taxes paid ...........................................       $   745            $ 1,634        $ 6,055
                                                                    =======            =======        =======
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              66

<PAGE>

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Significant Accounting Policies

Organization

     We are a leading provider of leisure products and lifestyle choices through
our  resorts  and  residential  communities  businesses.  Our  resorts  business
("Bluegreen(R)  Resorts")  acquires,  develops  and markets  vacation  ownership
interests  ("VOIs")  in  resorts  generally  located  in  popular,  high-volume,
"drive-to" vacation  destinations.  VOIs in any of our resorts entitle the buyer
to an annual  allotment of "points" in  perpetuity  (supported  by an underlying
deeded vacation ownership interest held in trust for the buyer) in the Bluegreen
Vacation Club(R).  Owners in the Bluegreen Vacation Club may use their points to
stay  in  any of our  participating  resorts  or  for  other  vacation  options,
including   cruises  and  stays  at  approximately   3,700  resorts  offered  by
third-party vacation ownership exchange networks. We are currently marketing and
selling VOIs in 18 resorts  located in the United States and Aruba,  16 of which
have active sales  offices.  We also sell VOIs at four  off-site  sales  offices
located in the United States. Our residential  communities  business ("Bluegreen
Communities") acquires, develops and subdivides property and markets residential
homesites,  the majority of which are sold directly to retail customers who seek
to  build  a home in a high  quality  residential  setting,  in  some  cases  on
properties featuring a golf course and other related amenities.  During the year
ended  December  31,  2004,  sales  generated  by  Bluegreen  Resorts  comprised
approximately  62% of our total sales of real estate  while sales  generated  by
Bluegreen  Communities  comprised  approximately  38% of our total sales of real
estate. Our other resort and communities  operations  revenues consist primarily
of mini-vacation  package sales,  vacation ownership tour sales, resort property
management services,  resort title services,  resort amenity operations,  rental
income, realty operations and daily-fee golf course operations. We also generate
significant  interest income by providing financing to individual  purchasers of
VOIs and, to a lesser extent, homesites sold by Bluegreen Communities.

Fiscal Year

     On October 14, 2002, our Board of Directors approved a change in our fiscal
year from a 52- or 53-week  period ending on the Sunday  nearest the last day of
March in each year to the calendar year ending on December 31, effective for the
nine months ended December 31, 2002.

Principles of Consolidation

     Our consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of all of our
wholly-owned  subsidiaries and entities in which we hold a controlling financial
interest.   The  only  non-wholly   owned  subsidiary  that  we  consolidate  is
Bluegreen/Big  Cedar  Vacations,  LLC (the  "Joint  Venture"),  as we hold a 51%
equity  interest in the Joint  Venture,  have an active  role as the  day-to-day
manager of the Joint  Venture's  activities and have majority  voting control of
the Joint  Venture's  management  committee.  We have eliminated all significant
intercompany balances and transactions.

Use of Estimates

     U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts  reported in our consolidated  financial
statements  and  accompanying  notes.  Actual  results  could  differ from those
estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

     We  invest  cash in  excess  of our  immediate  operating  requirements  in
short-term  time deposits and money market  instruments  generally with original
maturities at the date of purchase of three months or less. We maintain cash and
cash  equivalents   with  various   financial   institutions.   These  financial
institutions  are located  throughout the United States,  Canada and Aruba.  Our
policy  is  designed  to  limit  exposure  to any one  institution.  However,  a
significant  portion of our  unrestricted  cash is maintained with a single bank
and,  accordingly,  we are subject to credit risk.  Periodic  evaluations of the
relative credit standing of financial institutions  maintaining our deposits are
performed to evaluate and mitigate, if necessary, credit risk.


                                                                              67

<PAGE>

     Restricted  cash  consists  primarily of customer  deposits  held in escrow
accounts  and  cash  pledged  to our  various  lenders  in  connection  with our
receivable-backed notes payable credit arrangements.

Revenue Recognition and Contracts Receivable

     In accordance with the  requirements  of Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards  ("SFAS") No. 66,  Accounting  for Sales of Real Estate,  we recognize
revenue on  homesite  sales and sales of VOIs when a minimum of 10% of the sales
price has been  received  in cash,  the legal  rescission  period  has  expired,
collectibility  of the receivable  representing the remainder of the sales price
is reasonably assured and we have completed substantially all of our obligations
with respect to any development  related to the real estate sold. In cases where
all of  the  development  has  not  been  completed,  we  recognize  revenue  in
accordance with the percentage-of-completion method of accounting.

     Sales,  which do not meet the  criteria for revenue  recognition  described
above,  are deferred using the deposit method.  Under the deposit  method,  cash
received from  customers is classified as a refundable  deposit in the liability
section of our  consolidated  balance sheets and profit  recognition is deferred
until the requirements of SFAS No. 66 are met.

     Contracts  receivable  consists of 1) amounts  receivable from customers on
recent sales of VOIs pending recording of the customers' notes receivable in our
loan servicing system; 2) receivables related to unclosed retail homesite sales;
and 3)  receivables  from  third-party  escrow agents on recently  closed retail
homesite  sales.  Contracts  receivable  is reflected  net of an  allowance  for
cancellations of unclosed Bluegreen Communities' sales contracts,  which totaled
approximately $718,000 and $480,000 at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively.
Contracts receivable is also stated net of a reserve for loan losses of $573,000
and $676,000 at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

     Our other resort and communities  operations  revenues consist primarily of
sales and service fees from the  activities  listed below  together with a brief
description of the applicable revenue recognition policy:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  Activity                                  Revenue is recognized as:
--------------------------------------------   ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>
Mini-vacation package sales.................   Mini-vacation packages are fulfilled (i.e.,
                                               guests use mini-vacation packages to stay at
                                               a hotel, take a cruise, etc.)

Vacation ownership tour sales...............   Vacation ownership tour sales commissions are
                                               earned per contract terms.

Resort title fees...........................   Escrow amounts are released and title documents
                                               are completed.

Management fees.............................   Management services are rendered.

Rental commissions..........................   Rental services are provided.

Rental income...............................   Guests complete stays at the resorts.

Realty commissions..........................   Sales of third-party-owned real estate are completed.

Golf course and ski hill daily fees.........   Services are provided.
</TABLE>

     Our cost of other resort and communities  operations  consists of the costs
associated  with the  various  revenues  described  above  as well as  developer
subsidies and maintenance fees on our unsold VOIs.

Notes Receivable

     Our notes  receivable  are carried at amortized  cost.  Interest  income is
suspended and previously  accrued but unpaid  interest income is reversed on all
delinquent  notes  receivable when principal or interest  payments are more than
three months  contractually  past due and not resumed  until such loans are less
than three months past due. As of December  31, 2003 and 2004,  $4.2 million and
$6.5  million,  respectively,  of notes  receivable  were more than three months
contractually past due and, hence, were not accruing interest income.


                                                                              68

<PAGE>

     We estimate credit losses on our notes receivable  portfolios in accordance
with  SFAS  No.  5,  Accounting  for  Contingencies,  as  our  notes  receivable
portfolios  consist  of a large  group of  smaller-balance,  homogeneous  loans.
Consistent with Staff Accounting  Bulletin No. 102, Selected Loan Loss Allowance
Methodology and  Documentation  Issues, we first segment our notes receivable by
identifying  risk  characteristics  that are  common to groups of loans and then
estimate credit losses based on the risks  associated  with these  segments.  We
consider  many  factors when  establishing  and  evaluating  the adequacy of our
reserve for loan losses.  These factors  include recent and  historical  default
rates,  static pool analyses,  current  delinquency rates,  contractual  payment
terms, loss severity rates along with present and expected economic  conditions.
We review these factors and measure loan impairment by applying  historical loss
rates,  adjusted  for  relevant  environmental  and  collateral  values,  to the
segments'  aggregate loan balances.  We adjust our reserve for loan losses on at
least a quarterly  basis. We generally  charge off loans in the month subsequent
to when they become four months contractually past due.

Retained Interest in Notes Receivable Sold

     When we sell our notes receivable either pursuant to our vacation ownership
receivables  purchase  facilities  (more  fully  described  in  Note  5) or term
securitizations,  we evaluate  whether or not such transfers should be accounted
for as a sale pursuant to SFAS No. 140,  Accounting  for Transfers and Servicing
of   Financial   Assets  and   Extinguishments   of   Liabilities   and  related
interpretations.  The evaluation of sale  treatment  under SFAS No. 140 involves
legal assessments of the  transactions,  which include  determining  whether the
transferred assets have been isolated from us (i.e. put presumptively beyond our
reach and our creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership),  determining
whether  each  transferee  has the  right to pledge or  exchange  the  assets it
received,  and  ensuring  that we do not  maintain  effective  control  over the
transferred  assets  through  either an  agreement  that (1) both  entitles  and
obligates us to  repurchase  or redeem the assets  before their  maturity or (2)
provides  us with the  ability  to  unilaterally  cause the holder to return the
assets (other than through a cleanup call).

     In connection  with such  transactions,  we retain  subordinated  tranches,
rights to excess interest spread and servicing rights, all of which are retained
interests  in the  notes  receivable  sold.  Gain  or  loss  on the  sale of the
receivables depends in part on the allocation of the previous carrying amount of
the financial  assets  involved in the transfer  between the assets sold and the
retained interests based on their relative fair value at the date of transfer.

     We  consider  our  retained   interests   in  notes   receivable   sold  as
available-for-sale  investments  and,  accordingly,  carry them at fair value in
accordance  with SFAS No. 115,  Accounting  for Certain  Investments in Debt and
Equity  Securities.  Accordingly,  unrealized  gains or losses  on our  retained
interests in notes receivable sold are included in our shareholders' equity, net
of income taxes.  Declines in fair value that are  determined to be  other-than-
temporary are charged to operations.

     We measure the fair value of the retained interests in the notes receivable
sold initially and  periodically  based on the present value of future  expected
cash  flows  estimated  using  our  best  estimates  of the  key  assumptions  -
prepayment  rates,  loss  severity  rates,  default  rates  and  discount  rates
commensurate with the risks involved. We revalue our retained interests in notes
receivable sold on a quarterly basis.

     Interest on the  retained  interests in notes  receivable  sold is accreted
using the effective yield method.

Inventory

     Our inventory  consists of completed  VOIs, VOIs under  construction,  land
held for future vacation ownership  development and residential land acquired or
developed for sale. We carry our inventory at the lower of cost, including costs
of improvements and amenities  incurred  subsequent to acquisition,  capitalized
interest,  real estate taxes and other costs incurred  during  construction,  or
estimated  fair value,  less costs to  dispose.  Homesites  and VOIs  reacquired
through foreclosure or deedback in lieu of foreclosure are recorded at the lower
of fair value, net of costs to dispose. We periodically evaluate the recovery of
the  carrying  amount  of our  individual  resort  and  residential  communities
properties  under the guidelines of SFAS No. 144,  Accounting for the Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, (see Note 7).

Property and Equipment

     Our property and equipment are stated at cost. We record  depreciation  and
amortization in a manner that  recognizes the cost of our depreciable  assets in
operations over their  estimated  useful lives using the  straight-line  method.
Leasehold  improvements  are  amortized  over the  shorter  of the  terms of the
underlying   leases  or  the


                                                                              69

<PAGE>

estimated useful lives of the  improvements.  Depreciation  expense includes the
amortization of assets recorded under capital leases.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

     We account for our goodwill and  intangible  assets under the provisions of
SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. This statement requires that
goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives not be amortized,
but rather be tested for impairment on an annual basis.  Finite-lived intangible
assets are required to be  amortized  over their useful lives and are subject to
impairment  evaluation under the provisions SFAS No. 144. Our intangible  assets
relate to customer  lists that were  acquired in  connection  with the  business
combination discussed in Note 2. The customer lists are amortized as the related
leads and mini-vacation packages are fulfilled or become expired. See Note 9 for
further discussion.

Treasury Stock

     We account for  repurchases  of our common stock using the cost method with
common stock in treasury  classified  in our  consolidated  balance  sheets as a
reduction of shareholders' equity.

Advertising Expense

     We expense  advertising  costs as incurred.  Advertising  expense was $47.9
million for the nine months ended December 31, 2002,  $70.8 million for the year
ended  December 31, 2003 and $89.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2004.
Advertising expense is included in selling,  general and administrative expenses
in our consolidated statements of income.

Stock-Based Compensation

     SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation,  as amended by SFAS
No. 148,  Accounting for  Stock-Based  Compensation - Transition and Disclosure,
encourages,  but does not  require  companies  to record  compensation  cost for
employee stock options at fair value. We have elected to continue to account for
our  employee  stock  options  using the  intrinsic  value  method  pursuant  to
Accounting  Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees,  and related interpretations.  Accordingly,  compensation cost for
our  employee  stock  options is measured  as the excess,  if any, of the quoted
market  price of our stock at the date of the grant over the  exercise  price of
the option.

     Pro forma information  regarding net income and earnings per share as if we
had accounted for our employee stock options under the fair value method of SFAS
No. 123 is presented  below.  The fair value for these  options was estimated at
the date of grant using a Black-Scholes  option-pricing model with the following
weighted-average assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Nine Months
                                               Ended             Year Ended          Year Ended
                                         December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                         -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                            <C>                 <C>                <C>
Risk free investment rate.............          2.0%                3.1%               2.1%
Dividend yield........................          0.0%                0.0%               0.0%
Volatility factor.....................         69.8%               69.7%              65.0%
Life of option (years)................          5.0                 5.9                3.0
</TABLE>

     There were  40,000  stock  options  granted to certain of our  non-employee
directors  during the year ended  December  31, 2004.  Such stock  options had a
grant date fair value of $4.88 per share.


                                                                              70

<PAGE>

     For  purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the  estimated  fair value of the
options is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period. The effects of
applying SFAS No. 123 for the purpose of providing pro forma disclosures are not
likely to be  representative of the effects on reported pro forma net income for
future years,  due to the impact of the staggered  vesting  periods of our stock
option grants. Our pro forma information is as follows (in thousands, except per
share data).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Nine Months Ended       Year Ended          Year Ended
                                      December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                      -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                        <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Net income, as reported............        $9,797              $25,827             $36,455
Pro forma stock-based employee
   compensation cost, net of
   income taxes....................          (189)                (399)               (308)
                                           ------              -------             -------
Pro forma net income...............        $9,608              $25,428             $36,147
                                           ======              =======             =======
Earnings per share, as reported:
   Basic...........................        $  .40              $  1.05             $  1.39
   Diluted.........................        $  .39              $   .94             $  1.23
Pro forma earnings per share:
   Basic...........................        $  .39              $  1.03             $  1.38
   Diluted.........................        $  .38              $   .93             $  1.22
</TABLE>

Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle

     Prior to April 1,  2002,  we  deferred  the  costs of  generating  vacation
ownership tours through telemarketing programs until the earlier of such time as
the tours were conducted or the related mini-vacation packages expired, based on
an accepted industry accounting  principle.  Effective April 1, 2002, we elected
to change our  accounting  policy to expense such costs as incurred.  We believe
that our new  method of  accounting  for  these  costs,  which has been  applied
prospectively,  is preferable  over our previous  method and results in improved
financial reporting.

     The  cumulative  effect of this change in accounting  principle  during the
nine months ended  December 31, 2002 was an additional  expense of $9.2 million,
net of income taxes of $3.3 million and minority interest's share of the loss of
$350,000.  The cumulative  effect of this change in accounting  principle during
the nine months ended  December 31, 2002 reduced our diluted  earnings per share
by $0.19.

Earnings Per Common Share

     We compute  basic  earnings  per common share by dividing net income by the
weighted-average  number of common  shares  outstanding  during the  period.  We
compute  diluted  earnings per common share in the same manner as basic earnings
per share, but also give effect to all dilutive stock options using the treasury
stock  method and include an  adjustment,  if  dilutive,  to both net income and
weighted-average   common  shares   outstanding  as  if  our  8.00%  convertible
subordinated  notes payable and 8.25% convertible  subordinated  debentures were
converted  into common stock at the beginning of the earliest  period  presented
below, for periods during which these  convertible debt issues were outstanding.
We have excluded  approximately 1.6 million and 1.2 million  anti-dilutive stock
options  from our  computations  of earnings  per common  share  during the nine
months ended December 31, 2002 and year ended  December 31, 2003,  respectively.
There were no  anti-dilutive  stock options  during the year ended  December 31,
2004.


                                                                              71

<PAGE>

     The  following  table  sets  forth our  computation  of basic  and  diluted
earnings per common share (in thousands, except per share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Nine Months
                                                             Ended       Year Ended     Year Ended
                                                         December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                                             2002           2003           2004
                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>            <C>
Basic earnings per common share -- numerator:
   Income before cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principle ...........................     $15,376         $25,827        $36,455
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting
      principle, net of income taxes and minority
      interest .......................................      (5,579)             --             --
                                                           -------         -------        -------
   Net income ........................................     $ 9,797         $25,827        $36,455
                                                           =======         =======        =======
Diluted earnings per common share -- numerator:
   Income before cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principle -- basic ..................     $15,376         $25,827        $36,455
   Effect of dilutive securities (net of income tax
      effects) .......................................       1,379           1,749          1,357
                                                           -------         -------        -------
   Income before cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principle -- diluted ................      16,755          27,576         37,812
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting
      principle, net of income taxes and minority
      interest .......................................      (5,579)             --             --
                                                           -------         -------        -------
   Net income -- diluted .............................     $11,176         $27,576        $37,812
                                                           =======         =======        =======
Denominator:
   Denominator for basic earnings per common
      share-weighted-average shares ..................      24,472          24,671         26,251
   Effect of dilutive securities:
   Stock options .....................................         140             421          1,098
   Convertible securities ............................       4,171           4,171          3,328
                                                           -------         -------        -------
   Dilutive potential common shares ..................       4,311           4,592          4,426
                                                           -------         -------        -------
   Denominator for diluted earnings per common
      share-adjusted weighted-average shares and
      assumed conversions ............................      28,783          29,263         30,677
                                                           =======         =======        =======
Basic earnings per common share:
   Income before cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principle ...........................     $   .63         $  1.05        $  1.39
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting
      principle, net of income taxes and minority
      interest .......................................        (.23)             --             --
                                                           -------         -------        -------
   Net income ........................................     $   .40         $  1.05        $  1.39
                                                           =======         =======        =======
Diluted earnings per common share:
   Income before cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principle ...........................     $   .58         $   .94        $  1.23
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting
      principle, net of income taxes and minority
      interest .......................................        (.19)             --             --
                                                           -------         -------        -------
   Net income ........................................     $   .39         $   .94        $  1.23
                                                           =======         =======        =======
</TABLE>

Comprehensive Income

     SFAS No. 130, Reporting  Comprehensive Income, requires unrealized gains or
losses on our retained  interests in notes  receivable,  which are classified as
available-for-sale  investments,  to be included in other comprehensive  income.
Comprehensive  income is shown as a subtotal within our consolidated  statements
of shareholders' equity for each period presented.


                                                                              72

<PAGE>

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In December 2004, the FASB issued (revised 2004),  Share-Based  Payment,  a
revision of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation.  The revised
statement  supersedes APB No. 25, Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation,  and
amends SFAS No. 95,  Statement  of Cash Flows.  Generally,  the  approach in the
revised statement is similar to the approach described in SFAS No. 123. However,
the revised statement requires all share-based payments to employees,  including
grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income statement based
on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure will no longer be an alternative. The
new standard will become  effective for us on July 1, 2005. As permitted by SFAS
No. 123, we currently  account for  share-based  payments to employees using APB
No.  25's  intrinsic  value  method  and,  as  such,   generally   recognize  no
compensation cost for employee stock options.  Accordingly,  the adoption of the
revised  statement's fair value method will likely have a significant  impact on
our  result of  operations,  although  it will  have no  impact  on our  overall
financial  position.  The impact of adoption of the revised  statement cannot be
predicted at this time because it will depend on levels of share-based  payments
granted in the future.  However,  had we adopted the revised  statement in prior
periods,  the impact of that standard would have approximated the impact of SFAS
No. 123 as described in the  disclosure of pro forma net income and earnings per
share in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.  The revised statement
also   requires  the  benefits  of  tax   deductions  in  excess  of  recognized
compensation  cost to be reported as a  financing  cash flow,  rather than as an
operating cash flow as required under current literature.  This requirement will
reduce net operating cash flows and increase net financing cash flows in periods
after  adoption.  While we cannot  estimate  what those  amounts  will be in the
future  (because they depend on, among other  things,  when  employees  exercise
stock options),  the amount of operating cash flows  recognized in prior periods
for such excess tax deductions have not been material.

     In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 152,  Accounting for Real Estate
Time-Sharing  Transactions.  This statement  amends SFAS No. 66,  Accounting for
Sales of Real  Estate,  and No.  67,  Accounting  for Costs and  Initial  Rental
Operations of Real Estate Projects, in association with the issuance of American
Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ("AICPA")  Statement  of Position
("SOP") 04-2, Accounting for Real Estate Time-Sharing Transactions. SOP 04-2 was
issued to  address  the  diversity  in  practice  caused  by a lack of  guidance
specific  to real  estate  time-sharing  transactions.  Areas  of  diversity  in
practice have included accounting for uncollectible  notes receivable,  recovery
or repossession of VOIs, selling and marketing costs,  operations during holding
periods,  developer  subsidies to property owners'  associations and upgrade and
reload  transactions.  The  provisions  of SFAS  No.  152 and  SOP  04-2  become
effective  for us on January 1, 2006. We have not yet  completely  evaluated the
impact of these standards on our financial position or results of operations.

Reclassifications

     We have made certain  reclassifications  of prior period amounts to conform
to the current period  presentation.  Most significantly,  we previously carried
amounts  held in bank  accounts  on behalf  of the  purchasers  of our  vacation
ownership  notes  receivable  on our  balance  sheet as  restricted  cash with a
corresponding  liability  included under the caption  "accrued  liabilities  and
other." While we retain the  servicing  rights on the vacation  ownership  notes
receivable sold, these cash accounts operate in the name of third-parties  e.g.,
the facility  trustees or the note  purchasers.  We have therefore  reduced both
"restricted cash" and "accrued liabilities and other" for the aggregate carrying
amount of this cash in all periods presented,  which as of December 31, 2003 was
$19.4 million.

2. Acquisition

     On October 2, 2002, Great Vacation  Destinations,  Inc. ("GVD"), one of our
wholly-owned subsidiaries,  with no prior operations, acquired substantially all
of the assets and assumed  certain  liabilities  of  TakeMeOnVacation,  LLC, RVM
Promotions,  LLC and RVM Vacations, LLC (collectively,  "TMOV") for $2.8 million
in cash, $500,000 of which was paid on March 31, 2003. The acquisition agreement
provided  for the payment of  additional  consideration  of up to $12.5  million
through  December 31, 2007 upon GVD meeting certain  earnings targets (the "Earn
Out Provisions").

     GVD  generates  sales  leads  for VOI  sales  utilizing  various  marketing
strategies.  Through the application of a proprietary  computer software system,
these  leads  are  then   contacted  and  given  the   opportunity  to  purchase
mini-vacation  packages.  These packages sometimes combine hotel stays,  cruises
and gift  premiums.  Buyers of these  mini-vacation  packages  are then  usually
required to participate in a vacation ownership sales presentation.


                                                                              73

<PAGE>

     The assets acquired include prospects that purchased mini-vacation packages
from  TMOV.   These  prospects  will  become  sales  leads  for  VOI  sales  for
pre-determined,   third-party   developers   when  these  vacations  are  taken.
Additional  assets  acquired  include  customer  lists for future  mini-vacation
package sales,  property and equipment  (including the  aforementioned  computer
software  system),  trademarks and  servicemarks  and accounts  receivable.  The
liabilities  assumed  include trade  accounts  payable and  commissions  payable
related to the assets acquired.  As a result of the  acquisition,  we recognized
approximately  $360,000 of  goodwill,  after giving  effect to certain  purchase
accounting adjustments recorded in 2003.

     The effective date of the  acquisition was deemed to be September 30, 2002,
in accordance with the Asset Purchase  agreement.  The acquisition was accounted
for using the purchase  method;  therefore the results of operations of GVD have
been included in our consolidated statements of income since October 1, 2002.

     The following  table  summarizes  the  estimated  fair values of the assets
acquired and  liabilities  assumed in the  acquisition,  after giving  effect to
certain purchase accounting adjustments recorded in 2003:

             As of September 30, 2002
                  (in thousands)

Prepaid expenses.................................             $   318
Property and equipment...........................               2,388
Intangible assets:
   Customer list -- vacation packages sold (a)...   $13,654
   Customer list -- telemarketing leads (b)......       316
                                                    -------
                                                               13,970
Other assets.....................................                 442
                                                              -------
      Total assets acquired......................              17,118

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities.........               1,829
Deferred income (c)..............................              12,290
Deferred income taxes............................                 506
                                                              -------
      Total liabilities assumed..................              14,625
                                                              -------
   Net assets acquired...........................             $ 2,493
                                                              =======

(a)  -- To be  amortized  as the  vacation  packages  are  fulfilled  or  become
     expired.

(b)  -- To be amortized as the telemarketing leads are used.

(c)  -- To be  recognized  as other resort  operations  revenues as the vacation
     packages are fulfilled or become expired.

     On June 1, 2004, we executed an amendment to the acquisition agreement with
the former  owners of TMOV whereby in exchange for agreeing to pay $1.5 million,
the  former  owners of TMOV  agreed to  release  us from any  obligation  to pay
amounts under the Earn Out  Provisions.  The $1.5  million,  which is payable in
quarterly  installments  over an 18 month period commencing on May 30, 2004, was
recorded as  additional  goodwill.  As of December  31,  2004,  $675,000 of this
amount was unpaid.

     We expect that the entire $1.9 million of goodwill from the  acquisition of
TMOV will be deductible for income tax purposes.


                                                                              74

<PAGE>

     Unaudited  supplemental  pro forma  information  presenting  our results of
operations  as though the  acquisition  had  occurred  at the  beginning  of the
nine-month  period ended December 31, 2002 is as follows (in  thousands,  except
per share data):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                              <C>
Total revenues................................................................   $294,134
Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle.............     15,719
Net income....................................................................     10,140
Basic earnings per common share:
   Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle..........   $    .64
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of income taxes...       (.23)
                                                                                 --------
   Net income.................................................................   $    .41
                                                                                 ========
Diluted earnings per common share:
   Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle..........   $    .59
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of income taxes...       (.19)
                                                                                 --------
   Net income.................................................................   $    .40
                                                                                 ========
</TABLE>

3. Joint Venture

     On June 16,  2000,  one of our  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  entered into an
agreement with Big Cedar L.L.C.  ("Big  Cedar"),  an affiliate of Bass Pro, Inc.
("Bass  Pro"),  to form the Joint  Venture,  a vacation  ownership  development,
marketing and sales limited liability company.  The Joint Venture is developing,
marketing and selling VOIs in a 312-unit,  wilderness-themed  resort adjacent to
the Big Cedar(R)  Lodge, a luxury hotel resort owned by Big Cedar, on the shores
of Table Rock Lake in Ridgedale,  Missouri. During the year ended April 1, 2001,
we  made  an  initial  cash  capital   contribution  to  the  Joint  Venture  of
approximately  $3.2  million,  in exchange for a 51%  ownership  interest in the
Joint Venture.  In exchange for a 49% interest in the Joint  Venture,  Big Cedar
has contributed  approximately 46 acres of land with a fair market value of $3.2
million  to  the  Joint  Venture.   See  Note  4  regarding  payment  of  profit
distributions to Big Cedar.

     In  addition to its 51%  ownership  interest,  we also  receive a quarterly
management  fee from the Joint  Venture  equal to 3% of the Joint  Venture's net
sales in exchange for our involvement in the day-to-day  operations of the Joint
Venture.  We also service the Joint Venture's notes receivable in exchange for a
servicing fee.

     Based on our role as the  day-to-day  manager  of the  Joint  Venture,  its
majority control of the Joint Venture's Management Committee and our controlling
financial  interest in the Joint Venture,  the accounts of the Joint Venture are
consolidated in our financial statements.

     Because the Joint  Venture has a finite life (i.e.,  the Joint  Venture can
only exist  through  the  earlier  of: i)  December  31,  2050;  ii) the sale or
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Joint Venture; iii)
a decision to  dissolve  the Joint  Venture by us and Big Cedar;  or iv) certain
other events described in the Joint Venture agreement), the minority interest in
the  Joint   Venture  meets  the   definition   of  a   mandatorily   redeemable
noncontrolling  interest as  specified in SFAS No. 150,  Accounting  for Certain
Financial  Instruments with  Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity. The
settlement  value of this  mandatorily  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest  at
December  31,  2003 and 2004 was $4.9  million and $6.5  million,  respectively,
based on the sale or  disposition of all or  substantially  all of the assets of
the Joint Venture as of those  respective  dates.  Our  potential  obligation to
satisfy the settlement of this mandatorily  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest
would be partially  offset by the unamortized  portion of the Prepayment to Bass
Pro (see Note 4).

     During the nine months ended December 31, 2002, the year ended December 31,
2003 and the year ended December 31, 2004, the Joint Venture paid  approximately
$577,000, $832,000 and $493,000, respectively, to Bass Pro(R) and affiliates for
construction  management  services and furniture and fixtures in connection with
the  development  of the Joint  Venture's  vacation  ownership  resort and sales
office.   In  addition,   the  Joint  Venture  paid  Big  Cedar  and  affiliates
approximately  $993,000, $1.0 million and $1.8 million for gift certificates and
hotel  lodging  during the nine  months  ended  December  31,  2002,  year ended
December 31, 2003 and year ended December 31, 2004, respectively,  in connection
with the Joint Venture's marketing activities.

4. Marketing Agreement

     On June 16, 2000, we entered into an exclusive, 10-year marketing agreement
with Bass Pro, a privately-held retailer of fishing,  marine,  hunting,  camping
and sports gear. Bass Pro is an affiliate of Big Cedar (see Note 3).


                                                                              75

<PAGE>

Pursuant to the agreement,  we have the right to market our VOIs at each of Bass
Pro's national retail  locations  (currently  consisting of 25 stores),  in Bass
Pro's  catalogs and on its web site. We also have access to Bass Pro's  customer
lists.  In exchange for these  services,  we agreed to pay Bass Pro a commission
ranging  from  3.5%  to 7.0% on each  sale of a VOI,  net of  cancellations  and
defaults,  that  is  made to a  customer  as a  result  of one of the  Bass  Pro
marketing channels described above  ("Commission").  The amount of Commission is
dependent on the level of additional marketing efforts required by us to convert
the prospect  into a sale and a defined time frame for such  marketing  efforts.
There is no Commission paid to Bass Pro on sales made by the Joint Venture.

     On June 16, 2000,  we prepaid $9.0 million to Bass Pro (the  "Prepayment").
The  Prepayment  is  amortized  from future  Commissions  earned by Bass Pro and
future member distributions  otherwise payable to Big Cedar from the earnings of
the Joint  Venture as a member  thereof.  No  additional  Commissions  or member
distributions will be paid in cash to Bass Pro or Big Cedar, respectively, until
the Prepayment has been fully utilized. During the years ended December 31, 2003
and 2004, the Joint Venture made member  distributions  of $3.9 million and $5.5
million,  respectively,  of which $1.9 million and $2.7  million,  respectively,
were payable to Big Cedar and used to pay down the balance of the Prepayment. As
of  December  31,  2003 and 2004,  the  unamortized  balance of the  Prepayment,
included  in prepaid  expenses  on our  consolidated  balance  sheets,  was $6.1
million and $2.6 million, respectively. The Prepayment is periodically evaluated
for any indicators of impairment.

     During the nine months ended  December 31, 2002 and year ended December 31,
2003,  we  paid  Bass  Pro  Trademarks   L.L.C.,   an  affiliate  of  Bass  Pro,
approximately $19,000 and $2,000, respectively, for advertising services.

5. Notes Receivable and Note Receivable Purchase Facilities

     The table  below sets forth  additional  information  relative to our notes
receivable (in thousands).

                                           December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                           -----------------   -----------------
Notes receivable secured by VOIs........        $ 90,820            $121,273
Notes receivable secured by homesites...          10,555              10,901
Other notes receivable..................           1,425                 186
                                                --------            --------
Notes receivable, gross.................         102,800             132,360
Reserve for loan losses.................          (8,606)            (10,411)
                                                --------            --------
Notes receivable, net...................        $ 94,194            $121,949
                                                ========            ========

     The  weighted-average  interest rate on our notes  receivable was 14.3% and
14.2% at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively. All of our vacation ownership
loans bear interest at fixed rates.  The average  interest rate charged on loans
secured by VOIs was 14.9% and 14.7% at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively.
Approximately  59.7% of our notes receivable  secured by homesites bear interest
at variable rates,  while the balance bears interest at fixed rates. The average
interest  rate  charged  on  loans  secured  by  homesites  was 9.1% and 9.2% at
December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

     Our vacation  ownership loans are generally  secured by property located in
Tennessee,  Missouri, Wisconsin, Michigan, Florida, Virginia and South Carolina.
The  majority  of  Bluegreen(R)  Communities'  notes  receivable  are secured by
homesites in Texas.

     The table below sets forth the  activity in our reserve for loan losses (in
thousands).

Reserve for loan losses at March 31, 2002......   $ 4,207
Provision for loan losses......................     2,832
Charge-offs....................................    (2,350)
                                                  -------
Reserve for loan losses at December 31, 2002...   $ 4,689
Provision for loan losses......................     6,094
Charge-offs....................................    (2,177)
                                                  -------
Reserve for loan losses at December 31, 2003...     8,606
Provision for loan losses......................     7,154
Charge-offs....................................    (5,349)
                                                  -------
Reserve for loan losses at December 31, 2004...   $10,411
                                                  =======


                                                                              76

<PAGE>

     Installments  due on our notes  receivable  during  each of the five  years
subsequent  to  December  31,  2004,  and  thereafter,  are set forth  below (in
thousands).

                        2005.........   $ 20,773
                        2006.........      8,298
                        2007.........      9,179
                        2008.........     10,251
                        2009.........     11,342
                        Thereafter...     72,517
                                        --------
                           Total.....   $132,360
                                        ========

Sales of Notes Receivable

     On October 8, 2003,  Resort Finance,  LLC ("RFL")  acquired and assumed the
rights,  obligations  and  commitments  of ING  Capital,  LLC ("ING") as initial
purchaser in an existing vacation ownership  receivables  purchase facility (the
"Purchase  Facility")  originally  executed between ING and us in April 2002. In
connection  with  its  assumption  of  the  Purchase   Facility  and  subsequent
amendments,  RFL increased the size of the Purchase  Facility to $150.0  million
and  extended  the term of the Purchase  Facility on a revolving  basis  through
September  30,  2004.  On September  30,  2004,  we executed an extension of the
Purchase  Facility  to allow  for  sales of notes  receivable  for a  cumulative
purchase  price of up to $100.0 million on a revolving  basis through  September
29, 2005.

     The Purchase  Facility  utilizes an owner's  trust  structure,  pursuant to
which we sell receivables to Bluegreen Receivables Finance Corporation V, one of
our wholly-owned,  special purpose finance  subsidiaries  ("BRFC V"), and BRFC V
sells the  receivables to an owner's trust (a qualified  special purpose entity)
without recourse to us or BRFC V except for breaches of certain  representations
and  warranties  at the time of sale.  We did not enter into any  guarantees  in
connection  with the  Purchase  Facility.  The  Purchase  Facility  has detailed
requirements  with respect to the eligibility of receivables  for purchase,  and
fundings under the Purchase Facility are subject to certain customary conditions
precedent.  Under the Purchase Facility,  a variable purchase price of 85.00% of
the principal  balance of the  receivables  sold,  subject to certain  customary
terms and  conditions,  is paid at closing in cash.  The balance of the purchase
price is  deferred  until  such time as the  Initial  Purchaser  has  received a
specified  return  and all  servicing,  custodial,  agent and  similar  fees and
expenses  have been paid.  The Initial  Purchaser  earned a return  equal to the
London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus 1.00% through April 15, 2003, LIBOR
plus 1.25% through October 7, 2003, LIBOR plus an additional return ranging from
2.00% to 3.25% (based on the amount  outstanding  under the  Purchase  Facility)
from October 8, 2003 through  September 30, 2004, and will earn LIBOR plus 3.25%
through  September  29, 2005,  subject to the use of  alternate  return rates in
certain  circumstances.  In  addition,  the Initial  Purchaser  received or will
receive a 0.25% annual  facility fee through  April 15, 2003 and from October 8,
2003 through September 29, 2005.

     We act as servicer  under the  Purchase  Facility  for a fee.  The Purchase
Facility agreements include various conditions to purchase,  covenants,  trigger
events and other provisions customary for a transaction of this type.

     From April 1, 2002  through  November 25,  2002,  we sold $62.5  million of
aggregate  principal  balance  of notes  receivable  to ING under  the  Purchase
Facility for a cumulative purchase price of $51.6 million.

     On December 13, 2002, ING Financial Markets,  LLC ("IFM"),  an affiliate of
ING,  consummated  a  $170.2  million  private  offering  and  sale of  vacation
ownership loan-backed securities on our behalf (the "2002 Term Securitization").
The $181.0  million in  aggregate  principal of vacation  ownership  receivables
included in the 2002 Term  Securitization  included  qualified  receivables from
three sources:  1) $119.2 million in aggregate  principal  amount of receivables
that were previously sold to ING under the Purchase  Facility;  2) $54.2 million
in aggregate  principal  amount of receivables that were previously sold under a
prior  vacation  ownership   receivables  purchase  facility  (the  "GE/Barclays
Purchase  Facility");  and 3) $7.6  million  in  aggregate  principal  amount of
receivables  that were previously  hypothecated  with General  Electric  Capital
Corporation  ("GE") under a vacation  ownership  receivables  warehouse facility
(the "GE Warehouse  Facility").  The proceeds from the 2002 Term  Securitization
were used to pay ING, GE and  Barclays all amounts  then  outstanding  under the
Purchase  Facility,  the  GE/Barclays  Purchase  Facility  and the GE  Warehouse
Facility, respectively. We received net cash proceeds of $2.1 million, VOIs with
a  carrying  value  of $1.4  million,  vacation  ownership  receivables  with an
estimated net realizable value of $3.1 million and recorded a retained  interest
in the future cash flows from the 2002 Term  Securitization of $36.1 million. We
also  recognized  a gain of $4.7  million  in  connection  with  the  2002  Term
Securitization.


                                                                              77

<PAGE>

     On December 23, 2002, we sold $22.1 million of aggregate  principal balance
of notes  receivable  under the Purchase  Facility for a purchase price of $18.7
million.  As a result  of the  sales  of notes  receivable  under  the  Purchase
Facility  during the nine months  ended  December  31, 2002,  we  recognized  an
aggregate  gain of  $5.3  million  and  recorded  retained  interests  in  notes
receivable   sold  and   servicing   assets  of  $18.1   million  and  $864,000,
respectively.

     During  the year  ended  December  31,  2003,  we sold  $110.5  million  of
aggregate  principal balance of notes receivable under the Purchase Facility for
a cumulative  purchase  price of $93.9 million.  As a result of these sales,  we
recognized an aggregate gain of $6.6 million and recorded retained  interests in
notes  receivable  sold and servicing  assets of $22.3 million and $1.1 million,
respectively.

     During  the six  months  ended  June 30,  2004,  we sold  $60.7  million of
aggregate  principal balance of notes receivable under the Purchase Facility for
a cumulative  purchase  price of $51.6 million.  As a result of these sales,  we
recognized an aggregate gain of $3.6 million and recorded retained  interests in
notes  receivable  sold and  servicing  assets of $12.2  million  and  $626,000,
respectively.

     On July 8, 2004, BB&T Capital Markets,  a division of Scott & Stringfellow,
Inc.  consummated  a  $156.6  million  private  offering  and  sale of  vacation
ownership   receivable-backed   securities   on  our  behalf   (the  "2004  Term
Securitization").   The  $172.1  million  in  aggregate  principal  of  vacation
ownership receivables offered and sold in the 2004 Term Securitization  included
$152.8  million  in  aggregate  principal  of  qualified  receivables  that were
previously  sold under the  Purchase  Facility  and $19.3  million in  aggregate
principal  of  qualified   vacation   ownership   receivables  (the  "Pre-funded
Receivables")  that,  as  permitted  in  the  2004  Term  Securitization,   were
subsequently   sold   without   recourse   (except   for   breaches  of  certain
representations  and warranties at the time of sale) in two separate tranches on
August 13, 2004 and August 24,  2004 to an owners'  trust (a  qualified  special
purpose entity) through our  wholly-owned,  special purpose finance  subsidiary,
Bluegreen  Receivables Finance Corporation VIII. The proceeds from the 2004 Term
Securitization  were used to pay RFL all amounts  outstanding under the Purchase
Facility,  pay fees associated with the transaction to third-parties and deposit
initial  amounts  in a required  cash  reserve  account.  We  received  net cash
proceeds of $19.1  million,  certain VOIs with a carrying value of $331,000 that
were being held in the Purchase Facility in connection with previously defaulted
receivables  and  certain  vacation   ownership  notes  receivable  with  a  net
realizable  value of $4.2  million  that were  previously  held in the  Purchase
Facility  that  did  not  qualify  for the  2004  Term  Securitization.  We also
recognized an aggregate gain of $2.6 million and recorded a retained interest in
the future cash flows of the notes receivable securitized of $33.0 million and a
servicing asset of $1.9 million in connection with the 2004 Term Securitization.

     On September  29,  2004,  we sold $25.9  million in aggregate  principal of
vacation  ownership  receivables  under the  Purchase  Facility for a cumulative
purchase price of $22.0 million.  As a result of this sale, we recognized a gain
of  $701,000  and  recorded  retained  interests  in notes  receivable  sold and
servicing assets of $4.4 million and $268,000, respectively. As a result of this
sale, the 2004 Term  Securitization and receipts from customers of the principal
balance of the receivables sold, the remaining  availability  under the Purchase
Facility  was $79.0  million at December 31,  2004,  subject to the  eligibility
requirements and certain conditions precedent.

     On August 3,  2004,  we  executed  agreements  for an  additional  vacation
ownership  receivables  purchase facility (the "GE Purchase  Facility") with GE.
The GE Purchase Facility utilizes an owner's trust structure,  pursuant to which
we sell  receivables  to  Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance  Corporation  VII, our
wholly-owned,  special purpose  finance  subsidiary  ("BRFC VII"),  and BRFC VII
sells the  receivables to an owner's trust (a qualified  special purpose entity)
without  recourse  to us or BRFC VII except for  breaches  of certain  customary
representations  and  warranties  at the time of sale. We did not enter into any
guarantees in connection with the GE Purchase Facility. The GE Purchase Facility
has detailed  requirements  with respect to the  eligibility of receivables  for
purchase,  and  fundings  under the GE Purchase  Facility are subject to certain
conditions precedent.  Under the GE Purchase Facility, a variable purchase price
of approximately  89.5% of the principal  balance of the receivables sold (79.5%
in the case of  receivables  originated in Aruba),  subject to adjustment  under
certain  terms and  conditions,  is paid at closing in cash.  The balance of the
purchase  price is  deferred  until  such time as GE has  received  a  specified
return,  a specified  overcollateralization  ratio is  achieved,  a cash reserve
account is fully funded and all servicing, custodial, agent and similar fees and
expenses  have been paid.  GE earns a return equal to the  applicable  Swap Rate
(which is essentially a published  interest swap  arrangement rate as defined in
the GE Purchase  Facility  agreements)  plus 3.50%,  subject to use of alternate
return rates in certain circumstances. In addition, we paid GE a structuring fee
of  approximately  $938,000 in October  2004.  We act as  servicer  under the GE
Purchase Facility for a fee.


                                                                              78

<PAGE>

     The GE  Purchase  Facility  allows  for  sales  of notes  receivable  for a
cumulative  purchase price of up to $125.0 million  through October 2, 2006. The
GE Purchase Facility includes various conditions to purchase, covenants, trigger
events and other provisions customary for a transaction of this type.

     On December  30,  2004,  we sold $43.4  million in  aggregate  principal of
vacation  ownership  receivables under the GE Purchase Facility for a cumulative
purchase price of $38.6 million.  As a result of this sale, we recognized a gain
of $1.7 million and recorded a retained  interest in notes receivable sold and a
servicing asset of $6.1 million and $480,000,  respectively. As a result of this
sale,  the  remaining  availability  under the GE  Purchase  Facility  was $86.4
million at  December  31,  2004,  subject to the  eligibility  requirements  and
certain conditions precedent.

     The  following  assumptions  were used to measure the initial fair value of
the retained  interests in notes receivable sold or securitized  during the year
ended December 31, 2004:  Prepayment  rates ranging from 17% to 13% per annum as
the  portfolios  mature;  loss severity  rates ranging from 40% to 73%;  default
rates ranging from 10% to 1% per annum as the  portfolios  mature;  and discount
rates ranging from 9% to 14%.

     On December  31,  2004,  we executed  agreements  for a vacation  ownership
receivables purchase facility (the "BB&T Purchase Facility") with Branch Banking
and Trust Company ("BB&T"). The BB&T Purchase Facility utilizes an owner's trust
structure,  pursuant  to  which we sell  receivables  to  Bluegreen  Receivables
Finance  Corporation IX, our  wholly-owned,  special purpose finance  subsidiary
("BRFC IX"), and BRFC IX sells the  receivables to an owner's trust (a qualified
special purpose entity) without recourse to us or BRFC IX except for breaches of
certain customary representations and warranties at the time of sale. We did not
enter into any  guarantees in connection  with the BB&T Purchase  Facility.  The
BB&T Purchase Facility has detailed requirements with respect to the eligibility
of receivables for purchase,  and fundings under the BB&T Purchase  Facility are
subject to certain conditions  precedent.  Under the BB&T Purchase  Facility,  a
variable  purchase price of approximately  85.0% of the principal balance of the
receivables sold, subject to certain terms and conditions, is paid at closing in
cash.  The balance of the purchase price is deferred until such time as BB&T has
received a specified return and all servicing, custodial, agent and similar fees
and expenses have been paid.  BB&T earns a return equal to the commercial  paper
rate plus an  additional  return of 1.15%,  subject to use of  alternate  return
rates in certain circumstances.  In addition, we paid BB&T structuring and other
fees totaling $1.1 million in December  2004. We will act as servicer  under the
BB&T Purchase Facility for a fee. The BB&T Purchase Facility allows for sales of
notes  receivable for a cumulative  purchase price of up to $140.0 million,  the
commitment for $40.0 million of which expires on July 5, 2005, and the remainder
of which  expires on December  30, 2005.  The BB&T  Purchase  Facility  includes
various conditions to purchase,  covenants,  trigger events and other provisions
customary for a transaction  of this type.  BB&T's  obligation to purchase under
the BB&T Purchase Facility may terminate earlier than the dates noted above upon
the  occurrence  of  certain  specified  events  set forth in the BB&T  Purchase
Facility  agreement.  As of December 31, 2004,  we had not sold any  receivables
under the BB&T Purchase Facility.

Other Notes Receivable

     On June  26,  2001,  we  loaned  $1.7  million  to the Casa  Grande  Resort
Cooperative Association I (the "Association"),  the property owners' association
controlled by the vacation  ownership  owners at the La Cabana Beach and Racquet
Club(TM) ("La Cabana") resort in Aruba.  During 2004, upon mutual agreement with
the Association,  we offset the unpaid balance of $1.2 million on this unsecured
loan against  maintenance fees we were assessed by the Association on our unsold
VOIs at the La Cabana resort.


                                                                              79

<PAGE>

6. Retained Interests in Notes Receivable Sold and Servicing Assets

Retained Interests in Notes Receivable Sold

     Our retained  interests in notes  receivable  sold, which are classified as
available-for-sale investments, and their associated unrealized gains and losses
are set forth below (in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Gross        Gross
                                                             Amortized   Unrealized   Unrealized
December 31, 2003:                                              Cost        Gain         Loss      Fair Value
-------------------                                          ---------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>            <C>        <C>
1996 REMIC retained interests.............................    $   664      $  133         $--        $   797
GE/Wachovia Purchase Facility retained interests..........        717         955          --          1,672
Purchase Facility retained interests (see Note 5).........     24,063       1,888          --         25,951
2002 Term Securitization retained interest (see Note 5)...     32,555          --          --         32,555
                                                              -------      ------         ---        -------
   Total..................................................    $57,999      $2,976         $--        $60,975
                                                              =======      ======         ===        =======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Gross        Gross
                                                             Amortized   Unrealized   Unrealized
December 31, 2004:                                              Cost         Gain         Loss     Fair Value
-------------------                                          ---------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>            <C>        <C>
GE/Wachovia Purchase Facility retained interests..........    $ 1,094      $  317         $--        $ 1,411
Purchase Facility retained interests (see Note 5).........      4,006         169          --          4,175
2002 Term Securitization retained interest (see Note 5)...     25,359          --          --         25,359
2004 Term Securitization retained interest (see Note 5)...     34,228         867          --         35,095
GE Purchase Facility (see Note 5).........................      6,059          --          --          6,059
                                                              -------      ------         ---        -------
   Total..................................................    $70,746      $1,353         $--        $72,099
                                                              =======      ======         ===        =======
</TABLE>

     Contractual  maturities  as of December 31,  2004,  are set forth below (in
thousands), based on the final maturity dates of the underlying notes receivable
sold:

                                     Amortized
                                        Cost     Fair Value
                                     ---------   ----------
After one year but within five....    $ 1,094      $ 1,411
After five years but within ten...     69,652       70,688
                                      -------      -------
   Total..........................    $70,746      $72,099
                                      =======      =======

     The following  assumptions were used to measure the fair value of the above
retained  interests:  prepayment  rates  ranging from 17% to 9% per annum as the
portfolios  mature;  loss severity rates ranging from 25% to 73%;  default rates
ranging from 10% to 1% per annum as the  portfolios  mature;  and discount rates
ranging from 8% to 14%.

     The  following  table  shows the  hypothetical  fair value of our  retained
interests in notes  receivable  sold based on a 10% and a 20% adverse  change in
each of the  assumptions  used to  measure  the fair  value  of  those  retained
interests (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Hypothetical Fair Value at December 31, 2004
                      --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Adverse       GE/Wachovia                              2002 Term           2004 Term              GE
                        Change     Purchase Facility   Purchase Facility    Securitization      Securitization     Purchase Facility
                      Percentage   Retained Interest   Retained Interest   Retained Interest   Retained Interest   Retained Interest
                      ----------   -----------------   -----------------   -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                       <C>            <C>                 <C>                <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Prepayment rate:          10%            $1,411              $4,123             $25,003             $34,546              $5,943
                          20%             1,409               4,070              24,661              34,017               5,834

Loss severity rate:       10%             1,376               4,031              24,704              33,683               5,683
                          20%             1,340               3,888              24,049              32,272               5,308

Default rate:             10%             1,352               3,951              24,619              33,369               5,592
                          20%             1,291               3,578              23,889              31,683               5,134

Discount rate:            10%             1,371               4,013              24,910              34,276               5,853
                          20%             1,332               3,860              24,475              33,489               5,657
</TABLE>


                                                                              80

<PAGE>

     The table below  summarizes  certain cash flows received from and (paid to)
our qualifying special purpose finance subsidiaries (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Nine Months
                                                                        Ended             Year Ended          Year Ended
                                                                  December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                                                  -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                                   <C>                 <C>                <C>
Proceeds from new sales of receivables ........................       $ 72,418            $ 93,918            $ 130,990
Collections on previously sold receivables ....................        (55,253)            (87,311)             (97,901)
Servicing fees received .......................................          2,498               3,690                4,359
Purchases of foreclosed assets ................................           (614)             (1,283)              (1,538)
Resales of foreclosed assets ..................................        (13,298)            (14,769)             (16,909)
Remarketing fees received .....................................          5,723               7,394                8,716
Cash received on retained interests in notes receivable sold ..         14,555              12,817               13,589
Cash paid to fund required reserve accounts ...................         (1,865)             (3,939)              (3,469)
</TABLE>

     Quantitative  information about the portfolios of vacation  ownership notes
receivable  previously sold without recourse in which we hold the above retained
interests is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Year Ended
                                      As of December 31, 2004      December 31, 2004
                                   ----------------------------   ------------------
                                     Total     Principal Amount
                                   Principal       of Loans
                                   Amount of     More than 60     Credit Losses, Net
                                     Loans       Days Past Due       of Recoveries
                                   ---------   ----------------   ------------------
<S>                                 <C>             <C>                 <C>
GE/Wachovia Purchase Facility ..    $  9,360        $  506              $   --
2002 Term Securitization .......      98,803         5,550               4,454
2004 Term Securitization .......     151,066         5,774                 541
Purchase Facility ..............      23,994           546                  --
GE Purchase Facility ...........      42,853            --                  --
</TABLE>

     The net unrealized gain on our retained interests in notes receivable sold,
which is presented as a separate  component of our shareholders'  equity, is net
of income  taxes of  approximately  $288,000,  $1.1  million and  $521,000 as of
December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

     In connection with the 2002 Term  Securitization  (see Note 5), we reversed
$3.6 million in previously  recorded unrealized gains related to the GE/Barclays
Purchase  Facility and the Purchase  Facility.  In connection with the 2004 Term
Securitization  (see Note 5), we reversed  $1.4 million in  previously  recorded
unrealized  gains  related to the  Purchase  Facility.  During  the years  ended
December  31,  2003 and 2004,  we  recorded  other-than-temporary  decreases  of
approximately $912,000 and $2.1 million,  respectively,  netted against interest
income  on our  consolidated  statements  of  income,  in the fair  value of our
retained interest associated with the 2002 Term Securitization,  based on higher
than projected default rates in the portfolio of receivables securitized.

Servicing Assets

     The  changes  in our  servicing  assets,  included  in other  assets in our
consolidated balance sheets, for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004 were
as follows (in thousands):

Balance at December 31, 2002 ........................................   $ 2,294
Additions ...........................................................     1,141
Less: amortization ..................................................      (758)
                                                                        -------
Balance at December 31, 2003 ........................................     2,677
Additions ...........................................................     3,264
Less: disposal in 2004 Term Securitization (see Note 5) .............    (1,532)
Less: amortization ..................................................    (1,052)
                                                                        -------
Balance at December 31, 2004 ........................................   $ 3,357
                                                                        =======


                                                                              81

<PAGE>

7. Inventory

     Our net inventory holdings, summarized by division, are set forth below (in
thousands).

                                           December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                           -----------------   -----------------
Bluegreen Resorts ......................        $ 98,085            $126,238
Bluegreen Communities ..................         121,805              78,975
                                                --------            --------
                                                $219,890            $205,213
                                                ========            ========

     Bluegreen  Resorts  inventory as of December  31,  2003,  consisted of land
inventory of $28.8 million, $30.2 million of construction-in-progress  and $39.1
million of completed vacation ownership units. Bluegreen Resorts inventory as of
December 31, 2004,  consisted of land inventory of $35.2 million,  $32.1 million
of  construction-in-progress  and $58.9 million of completed  vacation ownership
units.

     Interest  capitalized  during the nine months ended December 31, 2002, year
ended  December 31, 2003 and year ended  December 31, 2004 totaled $4.7 million,
$7.2 million, and $7.9 million,  respectively. The interest expense reflected in
our consolidated statements of income is net of capitalized interest.

8. Property and Equipment

     The table  below  sets  forth the  property  and  equipment  held by us (in
thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Useful     December 31,   December 31,
                                                                     Life          2003           2004
                                                                  ----------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                               <C>            <C>            <C>
Office equipment, furniture and fixtures ......................   3-14 years     $ 34,678       $ 42,229
Golf course land, land improvements, buildings and equipment ..   7-39 years       25,993         28,295
Land, buildings and building improvements .....................   5-39 years       21,753         25,370
Leasehold improvements ........................................   3-8 years         6,203          9,381
Aircraft ......................................................   5 years           1,403          1,415
Vehicles and equipment ........................................   3-5 years           804            978
                                                                                 --------       --------
                                                                                   90,834        107,668
Accumulated depreciation and amortization of leasehold
   improvements ...............................................                   (27,404)       (33,424)
                                                                                 --------       --------
   Total ......................................................                  $ 63,430       $ 74,244
                                                                                 ========       ========
</TABLE>

9. Goodwill and Intangible Assets

     The  table  below  sets  forth  our  goodwill  and  intangible   asset  (in
thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  December 31,   December 31,
                                                                      2003           2004
                                                                  ------------   ------------
<S>                                                                 <C>            <C>
Intangible asset:
   Customer list acquired in connection with the acquisition of
      substantially all of the assets of TMOV .................     $ 13,654       $ 13,654
   Accumulated amortization ...................................      (12,717)       (13,433)
                                                                    --------       --------
Net intangible asset ..........................................          937            221

Goodwill ......................................................        2,791          4,291
                                                                    --------       --------
                                                                    $  3,728       $  4,512
                                                                    ========       ========

Annual amortization expense relative to the intangible asset ..     $  9,901       $    716
                                                                    ========       ========
</TABLE>

     We estimate that the  unamortized  balance of the customer list  intangible
asset will be amortized during 2005.

     All  of our  goodwill  relates  to  our  Bluegreen  Resorts  division.  Our
impairment  tests  during the nine months ended  December  31, 2002,  year ended
December 31, 2003 and year ended December 31, 2004  determined  that no goodwill
impairment  existed.  See Note 2 for a discussion  regarding the $1.5 million of
additional goodwill recorded during the year ended December 31, 2004.


                                                                              82

<PAGE>

10.  Receivable-Backed Notes Payable

     We have a $75.0 million revolving  vacation  ownership  receivables  credit
facility (the "GMAC Receivables  Facility") with Residential Funding Corporation
("RFC"),  an affiliate of General Motors Acceptance  Corporation.  The borrowing
period on the GMAC Receivables  Facility,  as amended,  expires on September 15,
2006 and  outstanding  borrowings  mature no later than  September 15, 2013. The
GMAC  Receivables  Facility  has  detailed  requirements  with  respect  to  the
eligibility of receivables  for inclusion and other  conditions to funding.  The
borrowing base under the GMAC Receivables  Facility is 90.00% of the outstanding
principal  balance of eligible  notes  arising  from the sale of VOIs.  The GMAC
Receivables Facility includes affirmative,  negative and financial covenants and
events of default.  All  principal  and  interest  payments  received on pledged
receivables are applied to principal and interest due under the GMAC Receivables
Facility. Indebtedness under the facility bears interest at LIBOR plus 4.00%. We
were required to pay an upfront loan fee of $375,000 in connection with the GMAC
Receivables  Facility.  During the year ended  December 31, 2004, we borrowed an
aggregate of $25.8 million and repaid $10.3  million under the GMAC  Receivables
Facility. At December 31, 2004, the outstanding principal balance under the GMAC
Receivables Facility was $32.9 million.

     We also have a $30.0  million  revolving  credit  facility with Wells Fargo
Foothill,   Inc.   ("Foothill")   for  the  pledge  of  Bluegreen   Communities'
receivables,  with up to $10.0  million  of the  total  facility  available  for
Bluegreen Communities' inventory borrowings and up to $10.0 million of the total
facility  available  for the  pledge  of  Bluegreen  Resorts'  receivables.  The
interest rate charged on outstanding  receivable  borrowings under the revolving
credit facility through September 30, 2003 was the prime lending rate plus 0.75%
when the average monthly  outstanding  loan balance was greater than or equal to
$10.0 million.  If the average  monthly  outstanding  loan balance was less than
$10.0  million,  the interest rate was the greater of 7.00% or the prime lending
rate plus  1.00%.  Effective  October  1,  2003,  the  interest  rate under this
facility  was amended to be the prime  lending  rate plus 0.25% when the average
monthly  outstanding  loan balance is greater than or equal to $15.0 million and
the greater of 4.00% or the prime  lending rate plus 0.50% when the  outstanding
loan balance is less than $15.0  million.  All principal  and interest  payments
received on pledged  receivables are applied to principal and interest due under
the facility. Foothill extended our ability to borrow under the facility through
December  31, 2006 and  extended  the  maturity  date to  December  31, 2008 for
borrowings collateralized by receivables.  At December 31, 2004, the outstanding
principal  balance under this  facility  related to  receivable  borrowings  was
approximately $6.0 million,  $1.6 million of which related to Bluegreen Resorts'
receivables   borrowings   and  $4.3  million  of  which  related  to  Bluegreen
Communities' receivables borrowings.

     We also have a combination  $30.0 million  acquisition  and development and
vacation ownership  receivables facility with Textron Financial Corporation (the
"Textron  Facility").  The borrowing period for vacation  ownership  receivables
loans  under the  Textron  Facility  expires  on March 1,  2006 and  outstanding
vacation ownership  receivables  borrowings mature no later than March 31, 2009.
Principal  repayments  are required  semi-annually,  subject to certain  minimum
required amortization, with the balance due upon the earlier of 1) the date that
85% of the  VOIs  in the  financed  resort  are  sold or 2) the  maturity  date.
Vacation  ownership  receivables  borrowings  under the  Textron  Facility  bear
interest  at the prime  lending  rate plus  1.00%,  subject  to a 6.00%  minimum
interest rate. On December 29, 2004, we borrowed $4.8 million under the vacation
ownership  receivables  component  of the  Textron  Facility,  all of which  was
outstanding at December 31, 2004.

     At December 31, 2004, $50.5 million in notes  receivable  secured our $43.7
million in receivable-backed notes payable.


                                                                              83

<PAGE>

11.  Lines-of-Credit and Notes Payable

     We have  outstanding  borrowings with various  financial  institutions  and
other lenders,  which have been used to finance the  acquisition and development
of our inventory and to fund operations. Financial data related to our borrowing
facilities is set forth below (in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                        2003           2004
                                                                                    ------------   ------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>            <C>
Lines-of-credit secured by inventory and golf courses with a carrying value of
   $95.5 million at December 31, 2004. Interest rates range from 1.87% to 6.25%
   at December 31, 2003 and from 6.25% to 7.15% at December 31, 2004. Maturities
   range from January 2006 to October 2007 ......................................      $65,109        $50,024

Notes and mortgage notes secured by certain inventory, property, equipment
   and investments with an aggregate carrying value of $29.0 million at December
   31, 2004. Interest rates ranging from 3.12% to 11.00% at December 31, 2003
   and from 3.31% to 7.04% at December 31, 2004. Maturities range from on demand
   to April 2009 ................................................................       20,574         19,354

Unsecured notes payable to former stockholders of RDI. Interest rate of
   9.00%. Matured in October 1999 (see Note 16) .................................        1,000             --

Lease obligations secured by the underlying assets with an aggregate carrying
   value of $3.2 million at December 31, 2004. Imputed interest rates ranging
   from 3.12% to 5.75% at December 31, 2003 and from 2.84% to 10.67% at December
   31, 2004. Maturities range from March 2006 to December 2008...................        1,175          2,571
                                                                                       -------        -------
   Total ........................................................................      $87,858        $71,949
                                                                                       =======        =======
</TABLE>

     The table  below  sets forth the  contractual  minimum  principal  payments
required on our  lines-of-credit  and notes payable for each year  subsequent to
December 31,  2004.  Such  minimum  contractual  payments may differ from actual
payments due to the effect of principal  payments  required on a homesite or VOI
release basis for certain of the above obligations (in thousands).

2005 ....   $30,962
2006 ....    35,144
2007 ....     5,800
2008 ....        30
2009 ....        13
            -------
Total ...   $71,949
            =======

     The  following is a discussion of our  significant  credit  facilities  and
significant new borrowings during the year ended December 31, 2004:

     We have a $50.0 million  revolving  credit facility (the "GMAC  Communities
Facility")  with RFC.  The GMAC  Communities  Facility  is  secured  by the real
property (and personal  property related  thereto) at our following  residential
land projects, as well as any Bluegreen Communities projects acquired by us with
funds borrowed  under the GMAC  Communities  Facility (the "Secured  Projects"):
Brickshire (New Kent County, Virginia); Mountain Lakes Ranch (Bluffdale, Texas);
Ridge  Lake  Shores  (Magnolia,  Texas);  Riverwood  Forest  (Fulshear,  Texas);
Waterstone (Boerne,  Texas);  Catawba Falls Preserve(TM) (Black Mountain,  North
Carolina);  Lake  Ridge at Joe Pool  Lake(TM)  (Cedar  Hill and  Grand  Prairie,
Texas); Mystic Shores at Canyon Lake(TM) (Spring Branch, Texas); and Yellowstone
Creek Ranch (Pueblo,  Colorado).  In addition,  the GMAC Communities Facility is
secured by our Carolina  National(TM)  and The Preserve at Jordan  Lake(TM) golf
courses  in  Southport,   North  Carolina  and  Chapel  Hill,   North  Carolina,
respectively.  Borrowings under the GMAC Communities Facility, which are subject
to  certain  conditions,  can be made  through  September  25,  2006.  Principal
repayments  are  effected  through  agreed-upon  release  prices  paid to RFC as
homesites in the Secured Projects are sold. The outstanding principal balance of
any borrowings under the GMAC  Communities  Facility must be repaid by September
25, 2006. The interest  charged on outstanding  borrowings is prime lending rate
plus 1.00% and is payable monthly.  We are required to pay an annual  commitment
fee equal to 0.33% of the $50.0 million GMAC Communities  Facility  amount.  The
GMAC Communities  Facility  documents include  customary  conditions to funding,
acceleration   provisions  and  certain


                                                                              84

<PAGE>

financial affirmative and negative covenants. Proceeds from the GMAC Communities
Facility are used to repay  outstanding  indebtedness  on Bluegreen  Communities
projects,  finance the  acquisition  and  development  of Bluegreen  Communities
projects and for general corporate purposes.  During the year ended December 31,
2004,  we  borrowed  $26.4  million  and  repaid  $33.5  million  under the GMAC
Communities  Facility.  At December 31, 2004, the outstanding  principal balance
under the GMAC Communities Facility was $6.5 million.

     RFC has also provided us with a $75.0 million acquisition,  development and
construction  revolving  credit  facility for Bluegreen  Resorts (the "GMAC AD&C
Facility").  The borrowing period on the GMAC AD&C Facility, as amended, expires
on September 15, 2006, and outstanding borrowings mature no later than September
15,  2010,  although  specific  draws  typically  are due  four  years  from the
borrowing date.  Principal  repayments are effected through  agreed-upon release
prices as VOIs are sold at the  financed  resorts,  subject to minimum  required
amortization. Indebtedness under the facility bears interest at LIBOR plus 4.75%
and is payable  monthly.  In September 2003, we borrowed $17.4 million under the
GMAC AD&C  Facility in connection  with our  acquisition  of The Fountains  (TM)
resort in Orlando,  Florida,  all of which was still outstanding at December 31,
2004.  During the year ended December 31, 2004, we borrowed an additional  $11.9
million  under the GMAC AD&C  Facility  to fund the  development  of VOIs at The
Fountains.  The  balance  of our  borrowings  under  the GMAC AD&C  Facility  is
collateralized by VOIs and land held for future development at our 51%-owned Big
Cedar  Wilderness  Club(TM)  resort.  At December  31, 2004,  $30.7  million was
outstanding under the GMAC AD&C Facility.

     During the year ended  December 31, 2004, we repaid the entire  outstanding
balance of $17.7 million under our $35.0 million  revolving credit facility with
Finova  Capital  Corporation,  the draw period for which had expired in 2003. We
used this  facility to finance the  acquisition  and  development  of  Bluegreen
Communities and Bluegreen Resorts projects.

     As discussed in Note 10, we also have the Textron  Facility,  a combination
$30.0 million  acquisition and development  and vacation  ownership  receivables
facility.  The borrowing period for acquisition and development  loans under the
Textron  Facility  expired on October 1, 2004 and  outstanding  acquisition  and
development  borrowings  mature no later than January 1, 2006.  Acquisition  and
development  indebtedness under the facility bears interest at the prime lending
rate plus 1.25%, subject to a minimum interest rate of 6.25%.  Interest payments
are due monthly.  On December 22, 2003, we utilized this facility to borrow $9.6
million of the purchase price of The Hammocks at Marathon(TM)  resort located in
Marathon,  Florida.  During the year ended  December  31,  2004,  we borrowed an
additional  $996,000 under this facility to finance a portion of the cost of the
renovations at The Hammocks at Marathon(TM).  At December 31, 2004, $6.1 million
was outstanding  under the acquisition and development  component of the Textron
Facility.

     On July 9, 2004, we borrowed $4.4 million from the Central  Carolina  Bank.
The  proceeds  from the  borrowing  were  used to  acquire  800 acres of land in
Chatham  County,  North  Carolina  for the purpose of  developing  a golf course
community to be known as Chapel Ridge.  The total purchase price of the land was
$5.5 million.  The  borrowing,  which is secured by the land,  requires  monthly
interest-only  payments at the prime lending rate plus 0.5% per annum, principal
repayments  through  agreed-upon  release prices as homesites are sold at Chapel
Ridge and becomes due in its  entirety on July 9, 2007.  At December  31,  2004,
$3.2 million of this borrowing was outstanding.

     On August 26, 2004, we borrowed $9.6 million under an existing  acquisition
and  development  loan with Wachovia  Bank,  N.A.  (the  "Wachovia  Loan").  The
Wachovia Loan is  collateralized  by the real property  homesites  (and personal
property  related  thereto)  at our  Sanctuary  Cove(TM)  at St.  Andrews  Sound
residential  land  community in Brunswick,  Georgia.  Principal  payments on the
Wachovia Loan are effected through  agreed-upon  release prices paid to Wachovia
Bank,  N.A.,  as  homesites  at Sanctuary  Cove at St.  Andrews  Sound are sold,
subject to minimum quarterly  amortization  commencing on November 12, 2004. The
Wachovia  Loan bears  interest at LIBOR plus  2.00%,  subject to increase in the
event of a default, as defined in the Wachovia Loan documents. Interest payments
are due monthly.  The Wachovia Loan matures on October 12, 2006,  however we can
extend the maturity of the  Wachovia  Loan until  November 12, 2008,  subject to
certain customary extension terms and conditions.  The outstanding balance under
the Wachovia Loan was $4.0 million at December 31, 2004.

     On November 4, 2004,  we borrowed  $3.0 million from Bank One. The proceeds
from the  borrowing  were used to  acquire  460 acres of land in Parker  County,
Texas for the purpose of developing a residential community to be known as Sugar
Tree.  The total  purchase  price of the land was $4.3 million.  The  borrowing,
which is secured  by the land,  bears  interest  at the prime  lending  rate and
requires  quarterly  principal and interest  payments  commencing on February 5,
2005. The final maturity of the borrowing is November 5, 2007.


                                                                              85

<PAGE>

     During the year ended December 31, 2004, we borrowed $20.1 million under an
existing  acquisition and development loan with Foothill (the "Foothill  Loan").
The Foothill Loan is collateralized by the real property homesites (and personal
property  related  thereto)  at our  Traditions  of  Braselton(TM)  golf  course
community in Braselton,  Georgia.  The Foothill Loan requires principal payments
based on agreed-upon  release prices as homesites are sold and bears interest at
the prime lending rate plus 1.25%, payable monthly. The outstanding indebtedness
related to the Foothill  Loan,  which totaled $6.7 million at December 31, 2004,
is due on March 10, 2006.

     We have a $15.0 million unsecured  line-of-credit  with Wachovia Bank, N.A.
Amounts  borrowed under the line bear interest at LIBOR plus 2%. Interest is due
monthly  and all  outstanding  amounts  are due on June  30,  2006.  We are only
allowed to borrow under the  line-of-credit  in amounts less than the  remaining
availability under our current,  active vacation ownership  receivables purchase
facilities plus availability  under certain  receivables  warehouse  facilities,
less any outstanding  letters of credit. The  line-of-credit  agreement contains
certain  covenants and conditions  typical of  arrangements  of this type. As of
December 31, 2004, no borrowings were  outstanding  under the line. There are an
aggregate   $1.6   million  of   irrevocable   letters  of  credit   under  this
line-of-credit  as required in connection with the obtaining of plats for one of
our Bluegreen Communities projects. These letters of credit expire in 2005.

     On January 11,  2005,  we entered  into a $50.0  million  revolving  credit
facility with RFL (the "RFL A&D Facility"). Borrowings from the RFL A&D Facility
will be used to finance the acquisition  and  development of vacation  ownership
resorts.  The RFL A&D Facility is secured by 1) a first mortgage and lien on all
assets  purchased  with  the RFL A&D  Facility;  2) a  first  assignment  of all
construction contracts, related documents, building permits and completion bond;
3) a negative pledge of our interest in any management,  marketing,  maintenance
or service  contracts;  and 4) a first  assignment of all operating  agreements,
rents and other  revenues  at the  vacation  ownership  resorts  which  serve as
collateral  for  the  RFL  A&D  Facility,  subject  to any  requirements  of the
respective property owners' associations.  Borrowings under the RFL A&D Facility
can be made  through  January  10,  2007.  Principal  payments  will be effected
through  agreed-upon  release prices paid to RFL as vacation ownership interests
in the resorts that serve as collateral  for the RFL A&D Facility are sold.  The
outstanding  principal balance of any borrowings under the RFL A&D Facility must
be repaid by January 10, 2008. The interest  charged on  outstanding  borrowings
will be the 30-day  LIBOR plus  3.90%,  subject  to a 6.90%  floor,  and will be
payable  monthly.  We are required to pay a commitment fee equal to 1.00% of the
$50.0 million facility amount,  which will be paid at the time of each borrowing
under the RFL A&D  Facility as 1.00% of each  borrowing  with the balance  being
paid on the unutilized facility amount on January 10, 2007. In addition,  we are
required  to pay a program  fee equal to  0.125% of the $50.0  million  facility
amount  per annum,  payable  monthly.  The RFL A&D  Facility  documents  include
customary conditions to funding,  acceleration  provisions and certain financial
affirmative  and  negative  covenants.  On January 11,  2005,  we borrowed  $9.5
million under the RFL A&D Facility in  connection  with the  acquisition  of the
Daytona  Surfside Inn & Suites  resort in Daytona  Beach,  Florida (the "Daytona
Resort"). The total commitment under the RFL A&D Facility for the Daytona Resort
is $14.7 million, the $5.2 million balance of which will be borrowed during 2005
to fund refurbishment of the Daytona Resort.

     We have also formed a statutory business trust ("Trust") for the purpose of
issuing Trust Preferred Securities ("Trust Preferred  Securities") and investing
the proceeds thereof in our junior subordinated  debentures.  On March 15, 2005,
the Trust issued $22.5 million of Trust Preferred Securities. The Trust used the
proceeds from issuing Trust Preferred Securities to purchase an identical amount
of junior  subordinated  debentures from us. Interest on the junior subordinated
debentures and  distributions on the Trust Preferred  Securities will be payable
quarterly  in  arrears  at a fixed  rate of 9.16%  through  March  30,  2010 and
thereafter  at a floating  rate of 4.90% over 3-month  LIBOR until the scheduled
maturity date of March 30, 2035. Distributions on the Trust Preferred Securities
will be cumulative and based upon the  liquidation  value of the trust preferred
security.   The  Trust  Preferred   Securities  will  be  subject  to  mandatory
redemption,  in whole or in part,  upon  repayment  of the  junior  subordinated
debentures  at maturity or their  earlier  redemption.  The junior  subordinated
debentures  are  redeemable  five years from the issue date or sooner  following
certain specified events. In addition,  we contributed  $696,000 to the Trust in
exchange for the Trust's  common  securities,  all of which are owned by us, and
those  proceeds  were  also  used to  purchase  an  identical  amount  of junior
subordinated  debentures from us. The terms of the Trust's common securities are
nearly identical to the Trust Preferred Securities.

     The  issuance of Trust  Preferred  Securities  was part of a larger  pooled
trust  securities  offering which was not registered under the Securities Act of
1933. Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.


                                                                              86

<PAGE>

12. Senior Secured Notes Payable

     On April 1, 1998,  we  consummated a private  placement  offering of $110.0
million in aggregate  principal  amount of 10.50% senior secured notes due April
1, 2008 (the "Notes").  Interest on the Notes is payable semiannually on April 1
and October 1 of each year. The Notes became  redeemable at our option, in whole
or in part,  in cash,  on April 1, 2003 and annually  thereafter,  together with
accrued and unpaid interest,  if any, to the date of redemption at the following
redemption prices:  2003 -- 105.25%;  2004 -- 103.50%;  2005 -- 101.75% and 2006
and thereafter -- 100.00%.  The Notes are our senior  obligations  and rank pari
passu  in  right  of  payment  with  all  of  our  existing  and  future  senior
indebtedness  and rank  senior in right of  payment to all of our  existing  and
future  subordinated  obligations.  None of the assets of Bluegreen  Corporation
secure  its  obligations   under  the  Notes,  and  the  Notes  are  effectively
subordinated  to our  secured  indebtedness  to any third party to the extent of
assets serving as security thereon.

     The Notes are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of
our existing and future  subsidiaries  (the "Subsidiary  Guarantors"),  with the
exception of the Joint Venture,  Bluegreen Properties N.V., Resort Title Agency,
Inc., any special purpose finance subsidiary, any subsidiary which is formed and
continues  to operate for the limited  purpose of holding a real estate  license
and acting as a broker,  and certain other  subsidiaries which have individually
less than $50,000 of assets (collectively, "Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries").

     Each of the Note guarantees covers the full amount of the Notes and each of
the Subsidiary Guarantors is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by us. The Note
guarantees  are senior  obligations of each  Subsidiary  Guarantor and rank pari
passu in right of payment with all existing and future  senior  indebtedness  of
each such  Subsidiary  Guarantor  and senior in right of payment to all existing
and future subordinated indebtedness of each such Subsidiary Guarantor. The Note
guarantees of certain  Subsidiary  Guarantors are secured by a first (subject to
customary  exceptions)  mortgage or similar  instrument  (each, a "Mortgage") on
certain  Bluegreen  Communities  properties of such  Subsidiary  Guarantors (the
"Pledged Properties").  Absent the occurrence and the continuance of an event of
default,  the Notes  trustee  is  required  to release  its lien on the  Pledged
Properties  as  property  is sold  and the  Trustee  does not have a lien on the
proceeds of any such sale. As of December 31, 2004,  the Pledged  Properties had
an aggregate  net  carrying  value of  approximately  $1.6  million.  The Notes'
indenture  includes certain  negative  covenants  including  restrictions on the
incurrence of debt and liens and on payments of cash dividends.

     Supplemental financial information for Bluegreen Corporation,  our combined
Non-Guarantor  Subsidiaries and our combined Subsidiary  Guarantors is presented
on the next page.


                                                                              87

<PAGE>

                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    December 31, 2003
                                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          Combined      Combined
                                                          Bluegreen    Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                         Corporation    Subsidiaries   Guarantors   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                         -----------   -------------   ----------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                       <C>             <C>           <C>          <C>             <C>
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents ............................    $ 29,872        $  8,716      $ 15,059     $      --       $ 53,647
Contracts receivable, net ............................          --           1,075        24,447            --         25,522
Intercompany receivable ..............................     100,191              --            --      (100,191)            --
Notes receivable, net ................................         847          19,232        74,115            --         94,194
Other assets .........................................       6,229           3,372        23,763            --         33,364
Inventory, net .......................................          --          22,225       197,665            --        219,890
Retained interests in notes receivable sold ..........          --          60,975            --            --         60,975
Investments in subsidiaries ..........................     180,514              --         3,230      (183,744)            --
Property and equipment, net ..........................      11,936           1,900        49,594            --         63,430
                                                          --------        --------      --------     ---------       --------
      Total assets ...................................    $329,589        $117,495      $387,873     $(283,935)      $551,022
                                                          ========        ========      ========     =========       ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities:
   Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other ...    $ 13,266        $  9,874      $ 35,280     $      --       $ 58,420
   Intercompany payable ..............................          --           1,127        99,064      (100,191)            --
   Deferred income taxes .............................     (19,954)         29,314        34,564            --         43,924
   Lines-of-credit and notes payable .................       5,026          22,759        84,994            --        112,779
   10.50% senior secured notes payable ...............     110,000              --            --            --        110,000
   8.25% convertible subordinated debentures .........      34,371              --            --            --         34,371
                                                          --------        --------      --------     ---------       --------
      Total liabilities ..............................     142,709          63,074       253,902      (100,191)       359,494
  Minority interest ..................................          --              --            --         4,648          4,648
  Total shareholders' equity .........................     186,880          54,421       133,971      (188,392)       186,880
                                                          --------        --------      --------     ---------       --------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity .....    $329,589        $117,495      $387,873     $(283,935)      $551,022
                                                          ========        ========      ========     =========       ========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    December 31, 2004
                                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          Combined      Combined
                                                          Bluegreen    Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                         Corporation    Subsidiaries   Guarantors   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                         -----------   -------------   ----------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                       <C>             <C>           <C>          <C>             <C>
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents ............................    $ 70,256        $ 16,766      $ 11,516     $      --       $ 98,538
Contracts receivable, net ............................          --           1,365        26,720            --         28,085
Intercompany receivable ..............................      73,778              --            --       (73,778)            --
Notes receivable, net ................................          --          31,958        89,991            --        121,949
Other assets .........................................       2,645           9,150        22,886            --         34,681
Inventory, net .......................................          --          20,605       184,608            --        205,213
Retained interests in notes receivable sold ..........          --          72,099            --            --         72,099
Investments in subsidiaries ..........................     213,011              --         3,230      (216,241)            --
Property and equipment, net ..........................      15,084           2,013        57,147            --         74,244
                                                          --------        --------      --------     ---------       --------
      Total assets ...................................    $374,774        $153,956      $396,098     $(290,019)      $634,809
                                                          ========        ========      ========     =========       ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities:
   Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other ...    $ 12,353        $ 14,845      $ 52,940     $      --       $ 80,138
   Intercompany payable ..............................          --           6,557        67,221       (73,778)            --
   Deferred income taxes .............................     (18,683)         34,210        42,623            --         58,150
   Lines-of-credit and notes payable .................       6,237          26,141        83,267            --        115,645
   10.50% senior secured notes payable ...............     110,000              --            --            --        110,000
                                                          --------        --------      --------     ---------       --------
      Total liabilities ..............................     109,907          81,753       246,051       (73,778)       363,933
   Minority interest .................................          --              --            --         6,009          6,009
   Total shareholders' equity ........................     264,867          72,203       150,047      (222,250)       264,867
                                                          --------        --------      --------     ---------       --------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity .....    $374,774        $153,956      $396,098     $(290,019)      $634,809
                                                          ========        ========      ========     =========       ========
</TABLE>


                                                                              88

<PAGE>

                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Nine Months Ended December 31, 2002
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           Combined      Combined
                                                           Bluegreen    Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                          Corporation    Subsidiaries   Guarantors   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                          -----------   -------------   ----------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>
REVENUES
   Sales of real estate ...............................     $    --        $18,561       $204,094      $     --       $222,655
   Other resort and communities operations revenue ....          --          1,901         25,147            --         27,048
   Management fees ....................................      24,148             --             --       (24,148)            --
   Equity income from subsidiaries ....................      10,043             --             --       (10,043)            --
   Interest income ....................................         239          5,652          6,344            --         12,235
   Gain on sales of notes receivable ..................          --         10,035             --            --         10,035
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
                                                             34,430         36,149        235,585       (34,191)       271,973
COSTS AND EXPENSES
   Cost of real estate sales ..........................          --          5,103         72,820            --         77,923
   Cost of other resort and communities operations ....          --          1,130         26,113            --         27,243
   Management fees ....................................          --            589         23,559       (24,148)            --
   Selling, general and administrative expenses .......      17,518         10,856         99,586            --        127,960
   Interest expense ...................................       7,389            319          2,116            --          9,824
   Provision for loan losses ..........................          --            399          2,433            --          2,832
   Other expense (income) .............................        (137)         1,156            501            --          1,520
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
                                                             24,770         19,552        227,128       (24,148)       247,302
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Income before minority interest and provision
      (benefit) for income taxes ......................       9,660         16,597          8,457       (10,043)        24,671
   Minority interest in income of consolidated
      subsidiary ......................................          --             --             --           816            816
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Income before provision (benefit) for income
      taxes ...........................................       9,660         16,597          8,457       (10,859)        23,855
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes ...............        (137)         5,034          3,582            --          8,479
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Income before cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principle ............................       9,797         11,563          4,875       (10,859)        15,376
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting
      principle, net of income taxes ..................          --           (714)        (5,215)           --         (5,929)
   Minority interest in cumulative effect of
      change in accounting principle, net of income
      taxes ...........................................          --             --             --           350            350
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Net income (loss) ..................................     $ 9,797        $10,849       $   (340)     $(10,509)      $  9,797
                                                            =======        =======       ========      ========       ========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Year Ended December 31, 2003
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           Combined      Combined
                                                           Bluegreen    Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                          Corporation    Subsidiaries   Guarantors   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                          -----------   -------------   ----------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>
REVENUES
   Sales of real estate ...............................     $    --        $38,457       $319,855      $     --       $358,312
   Other resort and communities operations revenue ....          --          7,394         48,000            --         55,394
   Management fees ....................................      38,855             --             --       (38,855)            --
   Equity income from subsidiaries ....................      25,969             --             --       (25,969)            --
   Interest income ....................................         282          7,703          9,551            --         17,536
   Gain on sales of notes receivable ..................          --          6,563             --            --          6,563
   Other income .......................................          40              1            608            --            649
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
                                                             65,146         60,118        378,014       (64,824)       438,454
COSTS AND EXPENSES
   Cost of real estate sales ..........................          --          9,838         99,172            --        109,010
   Cost of other resort and communities operations ....          --          4,212         56,809            --         61,021
   Management fees ....................................          --          1,114         37,741       (38,855)            --
   Selling, general and administrative expenses .......      29,589         20,404        152,975            --        202,968
   Interest expense ...................................       9,819            712          3,505            --         14,036
   Provision for loan losses ..........................          --            926          5,168            --          6,094
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
                                                             39,408         37,206        355,370       (38,855)       393,129
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Income before minority interest and (benefit)
      provision for income taxes ......................      25,738         22,912         22,644       (25,969)        45,325
   Minority interest in income of consolidated
      Subsidiary ......................................          --             --             --         3,330          3,330
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Income before provision (benefit) for income
      taxes ...........................................      25,738         22,912         22,644       (29,299)        41,995
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes ...............         (89)         7,539          8,718            --         16,168
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Net income .........................................     $25,827        $15,373       $ 13,926      $(29,299)      $ 25,827
                                                            =======        =======       ========      ========       ========
</TABLE>


                                                                              89

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Year Ended December 31, 2004
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           Combined      Combined
                                                           Bluegreen    Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                          Corporation    Subsidiaries   Guarantors   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                          -----------   -------------   ----------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>
REVENUES
   Sales of real estate ...............................     $    --        $48,560       $453,836      $     --       $502,396
   Other resort and communities operations revenue ....          --          9,363         59,669            --         69,032
   Management fees ....................................      53,664             --             --       (53,664)            --
   Equity income from subsidiaries ....................      33,494             --             --       (33,494)            --
   Interest income ....................................         339          8,990         12,254            --         21,583
   Gain on sales of notes receivable ..................          --          8,612             --            --          8,612
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
                                                             87,497         75,525        525,759       (87,158)       601,623
COSTS AND EXPENSES
   Cost of real estate sales ..........................          --         13,696        166,026            --        179,722
   Cost of other resort and communities operations ....          --          5,517         66,211            --         71,728
   Management fees ....................................          --          1,088         52,576       (53,664)            --
   Selling, general and administrative expenses .......      40,615         24,053        198,995            --        263,663
   Interest expense ...................................       8,452          1,615          4,979            --         15,046
   Provision for loan losses ..........................          --          1,194          5,960            --          7,154
   Other expense ......................................         121            371            477            --            969
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
                                                             49,188         47,534        495,224       (53,664)       538,282
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Income before minority interest and provision
      for income taxes ................................      38,309         27,991         30,535       (33,494)        63,341
   Minority interest in income of consolidated
      subsidiary ......................................          --             --             --         4,065          4,065
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Income before provision for income taxes ...........      38,309         27,991         30,535       (37,559)        59,276
   Provision for income taxes .........................       1,854          9,211         11,756            --         22,821
                                                            -------        -------       --------      --------       --------
   Net income .........................................     $36,455        $18,780       $ 18,779      $(37,559)      $ 36,455
                                                            =======        =======       ========      ========       ========
</TABLE>

                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Nine Months Ended December 31, 2002
                                                             ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             Combined
                                                                                Non-       Combined
                                                              Bluegreen      Guarantor    Subsidiary
                                                             Corporation   Subsidiaries   Guarantors   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                             -----------   ------------   ----------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
Operating activities:
Net cash provided (used) by operating activities .........    $ 10,471       $(14,256)     $ 11,483       $  --         $  7,698
                                                              --------       --------      --------       -----         --------
Investing activities:
   Cash received from retained interests in notes
      receivable sold ....................................          --         14,555            --          --           14,555
   Investment in subsidiary ..............................        (100)            --            --         100               --
   Business acquisition ..................................          --             --        (2,292)         --           (2,292)
   Purchases of property and equipment ...................      (1,285)          (315)       (2,779)         --           (4,379)
   Proceeds from sales of property and equipment .........          --             --            48          --               48
                                                              --------       --------      --------       -----         --------
Net cash provided (used) by investing activities .........      (1,385)        14,240        (5,023)        100            7,932
                                                              --------       --------      --------       -----         --------
Financing activities:
   Proceeds from borrowings under line-of-credit
      facilities and notes payable .......................          --             --        18,696          --           18,696
   Payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes
      payable ............................................          (7)        (1,692)      (25,771)         --          (27,470)
   Payment of 8.00% convertible, subordinated notes
      payable to related parties .........................      (6,000)            --            --          --           (6,000)
   Payment of debt issuance costs ........................          --         (1,355)       (1,333)         --           (2,688)
   Proceeds from capitalization of subsidiary ............          --            100            --        (100)              --
   Proceeds from exercise of employee and director
      stock options ......................................         683             --            --          --              683
                                                              --------       --------      --------       -----         --------
Net cash used by financing activities ....................      (5,324)        (2,947)       (8,408)       (100)         (16,779)
                                                              --------       --------      --------       -----         --------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents .....       3,762         (2,963)       (1,948)         --           (1,149)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period .........      18,611          8,285         8,529          --           35,425
                                                              --------       --------      --------       -----         --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period ...............      22,373          5,322         6,581          --           34,276
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ....        (173)        (1,310)       (6,581)         --           (8,064)
                                                              --------       --------      --------       -----         --------
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period ..    $ 22,200       $  4,012      $     --       $  --         $ 26,212
                                                              ========       ========      ========       =====         ========
</TABLE>


                                                                              90

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year Ended December 31, 2003
                                                                        -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         Combined      Combined
                                                                         Bluegreen    Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                                        Corporation    Subsidiaries   Guarantors   Consolidated
                                                                        -----------   -------------   ----------   ------------
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
Operating activities:
   Net cash provided (used) by operating activities .................     $ 9,928       $(14,613)      $ 33,365      $ 28,680
                                                                          -------       --------       --------      --------
Investing activities:
   Cash received from retained interests in notes receivable sold ...          --         12,817             --        12,817
   Principal payments received on investment in note receivable .....         456             --             --           456
   Business acquisition .............................................          --             --           (500)         (500)
   Purchases of property and equipment ..............................      (3,310)          (420)        (8,163)      (11,893)
   Proceeds from sales of property and equipment ....................         854             --            230         1,084
                                                                          -------       --------       --------      --------
Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ....................      (2,000)        12,397         (8,433)        1,964
                                                                          -------       --------       --------      --------
Financing activities:
   Proceeds from borrowings under line-of-credit facilities and
      notes payable .................................................       7,000          8,125         25,000        40,125
   Payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes payable .......      (7,568)        (1,384)       (41,026)      (49,978)
   Payment of debt issuance costs ...................................      (1,073)          (631)          (928)       (2,632)
   Proceeds from exercise of employee and director stock options ....       1,212             --             --         1,212
                                                                          -------       --------       --------      --------
Net cash (used) provided by financing activities ....................        (429)         6,110        (16,954)      (11,273)
                                                                          -------       --------       --------      --------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ...........................       7,499          3,894          7,978        19,371
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year ......................      22,373          5,322          6,581        34,276
                                                                          -------       --------       --------      --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ............................      29,872          9,216         14,559        53,647
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year .................        (173)        (2,153)       (11,830)      (14,156)
                                                                          -------       --------       --------      --------
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year ...............     $29,699       $  7,063       $  2,729      $ 39,491
                                                                          =======       ========       ========      ========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year Ended December 31, 2004
                                                                        -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         Combined      Combined
                                                                         Bluegreen    Non-Guarantor   Subsidiary
                                                                        Corporation    Subsidiaries   Guarantors   Consolidated
                                                                        -----------   -------------   ----------   ------------
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>           <C>          <C>
Operating activities:
  Net cash provided by operating activities .........................     $41,212        $ 4,370       $ 44,178     $  89,760
                                                                          -------        -------       --------     ---------
Investing activities:
   Cash received from retained interests in notes receivable sold ...          --         13,589             --        13,589
   Business acquisition .............................................          --             --           (825)         (825)
   Purchases of property and equipment ..............................      (5,380)          (643)       (12,386)      (18,409)
   Proceeds from sales of property and equipment ....................          --             --              8             8
                                                                          -------        -------       --------     ---------
Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ....................      (5,380)        12,946        (13,203)       (5,637)
                                                                          -------        -------       --------     ---------
Financing activities:
   Proceeds from borrowings under line-of-credit facilities and
      notes payable .................................................          --          3,179         57,478        60,657
   Payments under line-of-credit facilities and notes payable .......      (1,769)        (8,525)       (90,185)     (100,479)
   Payment of 8.25% subordinated convertible debentures .............        (273)            --             --          (273)
   Payment of debt issuance costs ...................................          --         (3,920)        (1,811)       (5,731)
   Proceeds from exercise of employee and director stock options ....       6,594             --             --         6,594
                                                                          -------        -------       --------     ---------
Net cash (used) provided by financing activities ....................       4,552         (9,266)       (34,518)      (39,232)
                                                                          -------        -------       --------     ---------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ...........................      40,384          8,050         (3,543)       44,891
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year ......................      29,872          8,716         15,059        53,647
                                                                          -------        -------       --------     ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ............................      70,256         16,766         11,516        98,538
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year .................        (173)        (7,482)       (11,741)      (19,396)
                                                                          -------        -------       --------     ---------
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year ...............     $70,083        $ 9,284       $   (225)    $  79,142
                                                                          =======        =======       ========     =========
</TABLE>

13. Convertible Subordinated Notes Payable and Debentures

Notes Payable

     On  September  11,  2002,  we repaid upon  maturity  our 8.00%  convertible
subordinated  promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $6.0 million
to the two former members of our Board of Directors and an affiliate of a former
member of our Board of Directors.

Debentures

      Through  November  18,  2004,  $7.0  million  of  our  8.25%   Convertible
Subordinated  Debentures (the  "Debentures")  were voluntarily  converted by the
holders of the  Debentures at a conversion  price of $8.24 per share.  We called
the remaining  balance of $27.4 million on November 19, 2004,  which resulted in
the voluntary  conversion of all but $273,000 of the  Debentures at a conversion
price of $8.24 per share. We redeemed the remaining $273,000 for cash at a price
of 100% plus accrued and unpaid interest  through the redemption date. The total
of such conversions resulted in the issuance of 4.1 million shares of our common
stock. In connection with this conversion,  we wrote-off  approximately $414,000
of related debt issuance costs to additional  paid-in capital.  Accrued interest
forfeited by debenture  holders upon conversion of  approximately  $282,000 was
credited to additional paid-in capital.


                                                                              91

<PAGE>

14. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     In  estimating  the fair values of our financial  instruments,  we used the
following methods and assumptions:

     Cash and cash equivalents: The amounts reported in our consolidated balance
sheets for cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value.

     Contracts  receivable:  The amounts  reported in our  consolidated  balance
sheets for contracts receivable approximate fair value. Contracts receivable are
non-interest  bearing and  generally  convert  into cash or an  interest-bearing
mortgage note receivable within thirty days.

     Notes receivable:  The amounts reported in our consolidated  balance sheets
for notes  receivable  approximate  fair value based on  discounted  future cash
flows using current rates at which similar loans with similar  maturities  would
be made to borrowers with similar credit risk.

     Retained  interests in notes receivable sold:  Retained  interests in notes
receivable  sold are  carried  at fair  value  based  on  discounted  cash  flow
analyses.

     Servicing  assets:  The fair  value  of our  servicing  assets  is based on
discounted cash flow analyses.

     Lines-of-credit,  notes payable and  receivable-backed  notes payable:  The
amounts reported in our consolidated balance sheets approximate their fair value
for  indebtedness  that provides for variable  interest rates. The fair value of
our fixed-rate  indebtedness  was estimated using discounted cash flow analyses,
based on our current incremental  borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing
arrangements.

     10.50% senior  secured notes  payable:  The fair value of our 10.50% senior
secured notes is based on the quoted market price in the  over-the-counter  bond
market.

     8.25%  convertible  subordinated  debentures:  The fair  value of our 8.25%
convertible  subordinated  debentures  is based on the  quoted  market  price as
reported on the New York Stock Exchange.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       December 31, 2003       December 31, 2004
                                                     ---------------------   ---------------------
                                                     Carrying    Estimated   Carrying    Estimated
                                                      Amount    Fair Value    Amount    Fair Value
                                                     --------   ----------   --------   ----------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash and cash equivalents ........................   $ 53,647    $ 53,647    $ 98,538    $ 98,538
Contracts receivable, net ........................     25,522      25,522      28,085      28,085
Notes receivable, net ............................     94,194      94,194     121,949     121,949
Retained interests in notes receivable sold ......     60,975      60,975      72,099      72,099
Servicing assets .................................      2,677       2,797       3,357       3,691
Lines-of-credit, notes payable, and receivable-
   backed notes payable ..........................    112,779     112,839     115,645     115,645
10.50% senior secured notes payable ..............    110,000     112,000     110,000     112,200
8.25% convertible subordinated debentures ........     34,371      35,058          --          --
</TABLE>

15. Common Stock and Stock Option Plans

Stock Option Plans

     Under our employee stock option plans,  options can be granted with various
vesting  periods.  All options  granted to employees on or prior to December 31,
2002 vest ratably over a five-year period from the date of grant (20% per year).
Options  granted to employees  subsequent  to December 31, 2002 vest 100% on the
five-year  anniversary of the date of grant. Our options are granted at exercise
prices that either  equal or exceed the quoted  market price of our common stock
at the respective  dates of grant.  All of our options expire ten years from the
date of grant.

     The stock option plan covering our non-employee  directors provided for the
grant to our non-employee  directors (the "Outside  Directors") of non-qualified
stock options prior to the expiration of the ability to grant additional options
under this Plan in June 2003.  All options  granted to Outside  Directors  on or
prior to December 31, 2002 vested  ratably  over a  three-year  period while all
options  granted  after  December 31, 2002 vested  immediately  upon grant.  All
Outside Director stock options expire ten years from the date of grant,  subject
to alternative expiration


                                                                              92

<PAGE>

     dates under certain  circumstances.  Due to a "change in control" provision
in the Outside  Directors'  stock option  agreements,  all  outstanding  Outside
Directors  options  as  of  April  10,  2002  immediately   vested  when  Levitt
Corporation  ("Levitt")  (NYSE:  LEV) acquired an aggregate of approximately 8.0
million  shares of our  outstanding  common stock from certain real estate funds
associated with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Company and Grace Brothers,  Ltd.
in private  transactions.  As a result of these  purchases and the December 2003
transfer of BankAtlantic Bancorp,  Inc.'s ownership interest in our common stock
to  Levitt  in  connection  with  its  spin-off,   Levitt   beneficially   owned
approximately 31% of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2004.

     Subsequent  to the  expiration  of the ability to grant  options  under our
Outside  Director  stock option plan, we granted 55,000 stock options to certain
Outside Directors from our employee stock option plan, which was consistent with
the terms of our employee stock option plan.

     A summary of our stock option activity  related to our Employee and Outside
Directors Plans is presented below (in thousands, except per share data).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Number of Shares   Outstanding   Exercise Price   Number of Shares
                                       Reserved         Options        Per Share        Exercisable
                                   ----------------   -----------   --------------   ----------------
<S>                                     <C>              <C>         <C>                   <C>
Employee Stock Option Plans:
Balance at March 31, 2002 ......        3,470            2,011        $1.46-$9.50          1,457
   Forfeited ...................          (10)            (145)       $2.60-$8.50
   Exercised ...................          (72)             (72)       $1.46-$3.13
                                        -----            -----
Balance at December 31, 2002 ...        3,388            1,794        $2.26-$9.50          1,489
   Granted .....................           --              793        $3.45-$5.89
   Forfeited ...................           (1)              (1)             $2.26
   Exercised ...................         (286)            (286)       $2.29-$3.58
                                        -----            -----
Balance at December 31, 2003 ...        3,101            2,300        $2.26-$9.50          1,416
   Granted .....................           --               40             $10.98
   Forfeited ...................           --              (20)             $2.26
   Exercised ...................         (966)            (966)       $2.26-$9.50
                                        -----            -----
Balance at December 31, 2004 ...        2,135            1,354       $2.29-$10.98            554
                                        =====            =====
Outside Directors Plans:
Balance at March 31, 2002 ......          865              772        $1.77-$9.31            562
   Forfeited ...................           --              (45)       $2.88-$5.94
   Exercised ...................         (212)            (212)       $1.77-$3.50
                                        -----            -----
Balance at December 31, 2002 ...          653              515        $2.11-$9.31            515
   Granted .....................           --               50        $3.48-$3.50
   Expiration of plan ..........          (88)              --                 --
   Exercised ...................          (73)             (73)       $2.82-$3.80
                                        -----            -----
Balance at December 31, 2003 ...          492              492        $2.11-$9.31            492
   Forfeited ...................          (17)             (17)             $3.50
   Exercised ...................         (184)            (184)       $2.11-$9.31
                                        -----            -----
Balance at December 31, 2004 ...          291              291        $2.11-$9.31            291
                                        =====            =====
</TABLE>

     The  weighted-average   exercise  prices  and  weighted-average   remaining
contractual lives of our outstanding stock options at December 31, 2004 (grouped
by range of exercise prices) were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Weighted-
                                                         Average                          Weighted-
                                                        Remaining         Weighted-        Average
                        Number        Number of     Contractual Life       Average      Exercise Price
                      of Options   Vested Options      (in years)      Exercise Price    (vested only)
                      ----------   --------------   ----------------   --------------   --------------
                      (In 000's)     (In 000's)
<S>                      <C>             <C>                <C>             <C>              <C>
Employees:
   $2.29-$3.13 ....         97            75                4               $2.95            $3.13
   $3.45-$4.88 ....        779           102                7               $3.63            $4.69
   $5.84-$5.89 ....        115            15                9               $5.85            $5.89
   $8.50-$10.98 ...        363           362                4               $9.48            $9.48
                         -----           ---
                         1,354           554
                         =====           ===
</TABLE>


                                                                              93

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Weighted-
                                                       Average                           Weighted-
                                                      Remaining         Weighted-         Average
                      Number        Number of     Contractual Life       Average      Exercise Price
                    of Options   Vested Options      (in years)      Exercise Price    (vested only)
                    ----------   --------------   ----------------   --------------   --------------
                    (In 000's)     (In 000's)
<S>                     <C>            <C>                <C>             <C>              <C>
Directors:
   $2.11.........        15             15                7               $2.11            $2.11
   $3.13-$3.80...       156            156                2               $3.36            $3.36
   $5.94.........        60             60                2               $5.94            $5.94
   $9.31.........        60             60                2               $9.31            $9.31
                        ---            ---
                        291            291
                        ===            ===
</TABLE>

Common Stock Reserved For Future Issuance

     As of December 31,  2004,  common  stock  reserved for future  issuance was
comprised of shares issuable (in thousands):

Upon exercise of employee stock options............   2,135
Upon exercise of outside director stock options....     291
                                                      -----
                                                      2,426
                                                      =====

16. Commitments and Contingencies

     At December 31, 2004,  the estimated cost to complete  development  work in
subdivisions  or resorts  from which  homesites  or VOIs have been sold  totaled
$87.2 million.  Development  is estimated to be completed  within the next three
years and thereafter as follows:  2005 -- $59.3 million,  2006 -- $10.5 million,
2007 -- $17.4 million, Thereafter -- none.

     We lease  certain  office space and equipment  under various  noncancelable
operating  leases.  Certain of these leases  contain stated  escalation  clauses
while others contain renewal options.

     Rent  expense for the nine months ended  December 31, 2002,  the year ended
December 31, 2003 and the year ended  December 31, 2004,  totaled  approximately
$3.6 million, $5.5 million and $6.3 million, respectively.

     Lease  commitments under these  noncancelable  operating leases for each of
the five years  subsequent to December 31, 2004,  and  thereafter are as follows
(in thousands):

2005.....................................   $ 5,661
2006.....................................     4,595
2007.....................................     3,709
2008.....................................     3,078
2009.....................................     2,397
Thereafter...............................     5,592
                                            -------
   Total future minimum lease payments...   $25,032
                                            =======

     We have $1.6 million in outstanding  commitments  under stand-by letters of
credit with banks, primarily related to obtaining governmental approval of plats
for one our Bluegreen Communities projects.

     In the  ordinary  course of our  business,  we become  subject to claims or
proceedings  from time to time  relating to the purchase,  subdivision,  sale or
financing of real estate. Additionally, from time to time, we become involved in
disputes  with existing and former  employees.  We believe that these claims are
routine litigation incidental to our business.

     On August 21, 2000,  we received a notice of Field Audit Action (the "First
Notice") from the State of Wisconsin  Department of Revenue (the "DOR") alleging
that two corporations  purchased by us had failed to collect and remit sales and
use taxes totaling $1.9 million to the State of Wisconsin  prior to the purchase
during the period from January 1, 1994 through  September  30, 1997.  On May 24,
2003,  we received a second  Notice of Field Audit Action (the "Second  Notice")
from DOR alleging  that the two  subsidiaries  failed to collect and remit sales
and use taxes to the State of  Wisconsin  during the  period  from April 1, 1998
through March 31, 2002 totaling $1.4 million. The majority of the assessment was
based on the subsidiaries not charging sales tax to purchasers of VOIs at our


                                                                              94

<PAGE>

Christmas  Mountain  Village(TM)  resort  during the period from January 1, 1994
through December 31, 1999. The statute  requiring the assessment of sales tax on
sales of certain VOIs in Wisconsin  was repealed in December  1999.  We acquired
the  subsidiaries  that were the subject of the notices in  connection  with the
acquisition  of RDI Group,  Inc.  ("RDI") on September  30, 1997.  Under the RDI
purchase agreement, we had certain rights of offset for amounts owed the sellers
based on any breach of representations and warranties.

     On August 31, 2004, we settled the sales tax  assessments  and all interest
and penalties for $2.3 million. Of this amount,  $750,000 was already accrued in
connection  with  the   indemnification   by  RDI's  former   stockholders   and
approximately  $210,000  will be reimbursed  to us by certain  property  owners'
associations that serve the Christmas  Mountain Village Resort. We recognized an
expense of $1.5 million from this settlement  during the year ended December 31,
2004.

17. Income Taxes

     Our provision for income taxes consists of the following (in thousands):

                      Nine Months
                         Ended             Year Ended          Year Ended
                   December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                   -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
Federal:
   Current......         $4,666             $ 3,524             $ 6,378
   Deferred.....          3,478              10,874              13,638
                         ------             -------             -------
                          8,144              14,398              20,016
State and other:
   Current......             --                  --               1,600
   Deferred.....            335               1,770               1,205
                         ------             -------             -------
                            335               1,770               2,805
                         ------             -------             -------
      Total.....         $8,479             $16,168             $22,821
                         ======             =======             =======

     The reasons for the  difference  between our provision for income taxes and
the amount that results from  applying the federal  statutory tax rate to income
before provision for income taxes are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                            -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                               <C>                <C>                 <C>
Income tax expense at statutory rate.....         $8,144             $14,398             $20,016
Effect of state taxes, net of federal tax
   benefit...............................            335               1,770               2,805
                                                  ------             -------             -------
                                                  $8,479             $16,168             $22,821
                                                  ======             =======             =======
</TABLE>

     Our  deferred  income  taxes  consist  of  the  following   components  (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                                                   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                                    <C>                 <C>
Deferred federal and state tax liabilities (assets):
   Installment sales treatment of notes ........................       $ 88,043            $113,989
   Deferred federal and state loss carryforwards/AMT credits ...        (54,505)            (69,615)
   Book over tax carrying value of retained interests in notes
      receivable sold ..........................................          8,257              11,126
   Book reserves for loan losses and inventory .................         (6,029)             (6,689)
   Tax over book depreciation ..................................          5,336               7,335
   Other .......................................................          2,822               2,004
                                                                       --------            --------
Deferred income taxes ..........................................       $ 43,924            $ 58,150
                                                                       ========            ========

Total deferred federal and state tax liabilities ...............       $105,686            $135,271
Total deferred federal and state tax assets ....................        (61,762)            (77,121)
                                                                       --------            --------
Deferred income taxes ..........................................       $ 43,924            $ 58,150
                                                                       ========            ========
</TABLE>

     We have  available  federal  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  of $136.5
million,  which expire  beginning in 2021 through 2025, and alternative  minimum
tax credit carryforwards of $16.9 million, which never expire. Additionally,  we
have available  state  operating loss  carryforwards  of $270.5  million,  which
expire beginning in 2008 through


                                                                              95

<PAGE>

2025. The income tax benefits from our state  operating loss  carryforwards  are
net of a valuation allowance of $1.4 million.

18. Employee Retirement Savings Plan and Other Employee Matters

     Our Employee  Retirement Plan is a code section 401(k)  Retirement  Savings
Plan  (the  "Plan").  All  employees  at  least 21 years of age with one year of
employment  with us are  eligible  to  participate  in the Plan.  The  Plan,  as
amended, provides an annual discretionary matching contribution and a fixed-rate
matching  contribution  equal  to  50%  of  the  first  3%  of  a  participant's
contribution  with an annual  limit of $1,000 per  participant.  During the nine
months ended December 31, 2002, we did not make a matching  contribution  to the
Plan, but accrued  approximately  $270,000 for a matching  contribution  that we
paid in April 2003 related to the Plan's year ended  December  31, 2002.  During
the year ended  December  31,  2003,  we accrued  approximately  $361,000  for a
matching  contribution  that we paid in February 2004 related to the Plan's year
ended  December 31, 2003.  During the year ended  December 31, 2004,  we accrued
approximately  $554,000 for a matching contribution to be determined and paid in
March 2005 related to the Plan's year ended December 31, 2004.

     Our  employees  in  Aruba,  which  comprise  approximately  2% of our total
workforce, are subject to the terms of a collective bargaining agreement.

19. Business Segments

     We have two  reportable  business  segments.  Bluegreen  Resorts  develops,
markets and sells VOIs in our resorts,  primarily through the Bluegreen Vacation
Club,  and  provides  resort  management  services  to  resort  property  owners
associations.  Bluegreen Communities acquires large tracts of real estate, which
are  subdivided,  improved  (in  some  cases to  include  a golf  course  on the
property)  and sold,  typically on a retail basis as homesites.  Our  reportable
segments  are  business  units that offer  different  products.  The  reportable
segments are each managed  separately  because they sell distinct  products with
different development, marketing and selling methods.

     We evaluate the performance and allocate resources to each business segment
based on its  respective  field  operating  profit.  Field  operating  profit is
operating profit prior to the allocation of corporate overhead, interest income,
gain on sales of notes  receivable,  other  income,  provision  for loan losses,
interest  expense,  income taxes,  minority  interest and  cumulative  effect of
change in accounting principle.  Inventory is the only asset that we evaluate on
a segment basis -- all other assets are only evaluated on a consolidated  basis.
The  accounting  policies  of the  reportable  segments  are the  same as  those
described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 1).

     Required   disclosures  for  our  business  segments  are  as  follows  (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Bluegreen    Bluegreen
                                                      Resorts    Communities    Totals
                                                     ---------   -----------   --------
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>         <C>
As of and for the nine months ended December 31,
   2002
Sales of real estate..............................    $144,026     $ 78,629    $222,655
Other resort and communities operations revenue...      23,520        3,528      27,048
Depreciation expense..............................       2,100        1,053       3,153
Field operating profit............................      17,218       13,570      30,788
Inventory.........................................      71,097      102,034     173,131

As of and for the year ended December 31, 2003
Sales of real estate..............................    $253,939     $104,373    $358,312
Other resort and communities operations revenue...      48,915        6,479      55,394
Depreciation expense..............................       3,661        1,726       5,387
Field operating profit............................      49,514       12,580      62,094
Inventory.........................................      98,085      121,805     219,890

As of and for the year ended December 31, 2004
Sales of real estate..............................    $310,596     $191,800    $502,396
Other resort and communities operations revenue...      61,630        7,402      69,032
Depreciation expense..............................       5,138        1,788       6,926
Field operating profit............................      52,550       37,722      90,272
Inventory.........................................     126,238       78,975     205,213
</TABLE>


                                                                              96

<PAGE>

Reconciliations to Consolidated Amounts

     Field  operating  profit  for our  reportable  segments  reconciled  to our
consolidated  income before provision for income taxes and minority  interest is
as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Nine Months Ended       Year Ended          Year Ended
                                                      December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                                      -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                        <C>                 <C>                <C>
Field operating profit for reportable segments ....        $ 30,788            $ 62,094           $ 90,272
Interest income ...................................          12,235              17,536             21,583
Gain on sales of notes receivable .................          10,035               6,563              8,612
Other income (expense) ............................          (1,520)                649               (969)
Corporate general and administrative expenses .....         (14,211)            (21,387)           (33,957)
Interest expense ..................................          (9,824)            (14,036)           (15,046)
Provision for loan losses .........................          (2,832)             (6,094)            (7,154)
                                                           --------            --------           --------
Consolidated income before minority interest and
   provision for income taxes .....................        $ 24,671            $ 45,325           $ 63,341
                                                           ========            ========           ========
</TABLE>

     Depreciation   expense  for  our  reportable  segments  reconciled  to  our
consolidated depreciation expense is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Nine Months Ended       Year Ended          Year Ended
                                                      December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                                      -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                         <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Depreciation expense for reportable segments ......         $3,153              $5,387              $6,926
Depreciation expense for corporate fixed assets ...          1,444               2,424               2,843
                                                            ------              ------              ------
Consolidated depreciation expense .................         $4,597              $7,811              $9,769
                                                            ======              ======              ======
</TABLE>

     Assets for our reportable segments reconciled to our consolidated assets
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                                                  -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                    <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Inventory for reportable segments .............        $173,131            $219,890            $205,213
Assets not allocated to reportable segments ...         248,232             331,132             429,596
                                                       --------            --------            --------
Total assets ..................................        $421,363            $551,022            $634,809
                                                       ========            ========            ========
</TABLE>

Geographic Information

     Sales of real estate by geographic area are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Nine Months Ended       Year Ended        Year Ended
                                                      December 31, 2002   December 31, 2003   December 2004
                                                      -----------------   -----------------   -------------
<S>                                                        <C>                 <C>               <C>
United States .....................................        $216,973            $347,350          $491,936
Aruba .............................................           5,671              10,949            10,460
Canada ............................................              11                  13                --
                                                           --------            --------          --------
Consolidated totals ...............................        $222,655            $358,312          $502,396
                                                           ========            ========          ========
</TABLE>

     Inventory by geographic area is as follows (in thousands):

                          December 31, 2003   December 31, 2004
                          -----------------   -----------------
United States .........        $212,171            $198,676
Aruba .................           7,717               6,527
Canada ................               2                  10
                               --------            --------
Consolidated totals ...        $219,890            $205,213
                               ========            ========


                                                                              97

<PAGE>

20. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

     Summarized quarterly financial information for the years ended December 31,
2003 and 2004 is presented below (in thousands, except for per share
information).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Three Months Ended
                                ---------------------------------------------------
                                March 31,   June 30,   September 30,   December 31,
                                   2003       2003          2003           2003
                                ---------   --------   -------------   ------------
<S>                              <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>
Sales of real estate ........    $61,782     $86,026      $108,941      $101,563
Gross profit ................     42,722      59,753        77,908        68,919
Net income ..................      2,127       6,226        10,202         7,272
Earnings per common share:
   Basic ....................    $   .09     $   .25      $    .41      $    .30
   Diluted ..................    $   .09     $   .23      $    .36      $    .26
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Three Months Ended
                                ---------------------------------------------------
                                March 31,   June 30,   September 30,   December 31,
                                   2004       2004          2004           2004
                                ---------   --------   -------------   ------------
<S>                              <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>
Sales of real estate ........    $86,191    $128,314      $161,898      $125,993
Gross profit ................     56,951      84,488       103,111        78,124
Net income ..................      4,700       9,102        16,307         6,346
Earnings per common share:
   Basic ....................    $   .19    $    .35      $    .62      $    .23
   Diluted ..................    $   .17    $    .31      $    .54      $    .21
</TABLE>


                                                                              98

<PAGE>

             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Bluegreen Corporation

We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets of  Bluegreen
Corporation  (the  Company)  as of December  31, 2003 and 2004,  and the related
consolidated  statements of income,  shareholders' equity and cash flows for the
nine-month  period  ended  December  31,  2002 and each of the two  years in the
period  ended   December  31,  2004.   These   financial   statements   are  the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all  material  respects,   the  consolidated  financial  position  of  Bluegreen
Corporation  at December 31, 2003 and December  31, 2004,  and the  consolidated
results of its  operations and its cash flows for the nine months ended December
31,  2002 and each of the  years in the  period  ended  December  31,  2004,  in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  in the nine
months ended December 31, 2002, the Company changed its method of accounting for
the cost associated with generating vacation ownership tours.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight  Board (United  States),  the  effectiveness  of Bluegreen
Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004,
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations  of the Treadway  Commission  and our
report dated March 15, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

                                                    ERNST & YOUNG LLP
                                                    Certified Public Accountants
March 15, 2005
Miami, Florida


                                                                              99

<PAGE>

        Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2004.

Our management's assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 has been audited by Ernst & Young
LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as stated in
their report which immediately follows this report.

GEORGE F. DONOVAN, President and Chief Executive Officer
JOHN F. CHISTE, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer


                                                                             100

<PAGE>

             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Bluegreen Corporation

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that Bluegreen
Corporation maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2004, based on criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (the COSO criteria). Bluegreen Corporation's management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's
assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that Bluegreen Corporation maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004, is
fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in
our opinion, Bluegreen Corporation maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004,
based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of
Bluegreen Corporation (the "Company") as of December 31, 2003, and December 31,
2004, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity
and cash flows for the nine-month period ended December 31, 2002 and each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2004 of Bluegreen Corporation and our
report dated March 15, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

                                                    ERNST & YOUNG LLP
                                                    Certified Public Accountants

March 15, 2005
Miami, Florida


                                                                             101

<PAGE>

Item 9. CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

     None.

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal
controls will prevent all errors and all improper conduct. A control system, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all control
issues and instances of improper conduct, if any. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls
can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two
or more people, or by management override of the control.

Further, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the  participation  of our management,  including
our Chief  Executive  Officer  and Chief  Financial  Officer,  we  conducted  an
evaluation  of  the  design  and  operation  of  our  "disclosure  controls  and
procedures",  as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the
Exchange  Act as of  December  31,  2004.  Based on this  evaluation,  our Chief
Executive  Officer and Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that our disclosure
controls and  procedures  were effective in timely making known to them material
information  relating  to us required to be  disclosed  in our reports  filed or
submitted under the Exchange Act.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in our internal  controls  over  financial  reporting
that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2004 that have  materially  affected,
or are  reasonably  likely to  materially  affect,  our internal  controls  over
financial reporting.

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management's  report and the Report of Independent  Registered Public Accounting
Firm on internal control over financial reporting are set forth in Part II, Item
8 of this report.

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certifications

Appearing as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report are the Certifications
of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer. The
Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. This Item of this Annual Report is the information concerning the
evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information
should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more
complete understanding of the topics presented.


                                                                             102

<PAGE>

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.

None.

                                    PART III

Item 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

Information with respect to our Directors required by Item 10 is incorporated by
reference to our Proxy  Statement for our 2005 Annual  Meeting of  Shareholders.
The  information  concerning  our  executive  officers  required  by  Item 10 is
contained in the discussion entitled "Executive Officers" in Part I hereof.

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

The  information  required by Item 11 is  incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Item 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

The  information  required by Item 12 is  incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

The  information  required by Item 13 is  incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

The  information  required by Item 14 is  incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

                                     PART IV

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

(a)(1) and (a)(2) List of Financial Statements and Schedules.

1.   The following of our Financial  Statements and Notes thereto and the report
     of independent  registered  public  accounting firm relating  thereto,  are
     included in Item 8.

     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2004

     Consolidated  Statements  of Income for the nine months ended  December 31,
        2002 and the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004.

     Consolidated  Statements of Shareholders'  Equity for the nine months ended
        December 31, 2002 andthe years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004

     Consolidated  Statements  of Cash Flows for the nine months ended  December
        31, 2002 and the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


                                                                             103

<PAGE>

2.   All  financial  statement  schedules  are  omitted  because  they  are  not
     applicable,  are not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of
     the schedules or the required  information is presented in the Consolidated
     Financial Statements or related notes.

(a)(3) List of Exhibits.

The exhibits  which are filed with this Annual  Report on Form 10-K or which are
incorporated  herein by  reference  are set  forth in the  Exhibit  Index  which
appears  at  pages  107  through  116  hereof  and are  incorporated  herein  by
reference.

(b)  Exhibits.

          See (a)(3) above.

(c)  Financial Statement Schedules.

All financial  statement  schedules are omitted because they are not applicable,
are not present in amounts  sufficient to require submission of the schedules or
the required  information is presented in the Consolidated  Financial Statements
or related notes.


                                                                             104

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                              BLUEGREEN CORPORATION
                                  (Registrant)


Date: March 15, 2005                    By:/S/ GEORGE F. DONOVAN
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           George F. Donovan,
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer


Date: March 15, 2005                    By:/S/ JOHN F. CHISTE
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           John F. Chiste,
                                           Senior Vice President, Treasurer and
                                           Chief Financial Officer
                                           (Principal Financial Officer)


Date: March 15, 2005                    By:/S/ ANTHONY M. PULEO
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Anthony M. Puleo,
                                           Senior Vice President and Chief
                                           Accounting Officer
                                           (Principal Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities indicated on the 15th day of March, 2005.

                Signature                                  Title
                ---------                                  -----


/S/ GEORGE F. DONOVAN                      President, Chief Executive Officer
----------------------------------------   and Director
George F. Donovan


/S/ JOHN F. CHISTE                         Senior Vice President, Treasurer and
----------------------------------------   Chief Financial Officer
John F. Chiste                             (Principal Financial Officer)


/S/ ANTHONY M. PULEO                       Senior Vice President and Chief
----------------------------------------   Accounting Officer
Anthony M. Puleo                           (Principal Accounting Officer)


/S/ ALAN B. LEVAN                          Chairman of the Board of Directors
----------------------------------------
Alan B. Levan


/S/ JOHN E. ABDO                           Vice Chairman of the Board of
----------------------------------------   Directors
John E. Abdo


/S/ NORMAN H. BECKER                       Director
----------------------------------------
Norman H. Becker


/S/ LAWRENCE CIRILLO                       Director
----------------------------------------
Lawrence Cirillo


/S/ SCOTT W. HOLLOWAY                      Director
----------------------------------------
Scott W. Holloway


/S/ JOHN LAGUARDIA                         Director
----------------------------------------
John Laguardia


/S/ MARK A. NERENHAUSEN                    Director
----------------------------------------
Mark A. Nerenhausen


                                                                             105

<PAGE>


/S/ J. LARRY RUTHERFORD                    Director
----------------------------------------
J. Larry Rutherford


/S/ ARNOLD SEVELL                          Director
----------------------------------------
Arnold Sevell


                                                                             106

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

Number                                   Description
------                                   -----------
3.1      -  Restated  Articles  of  Organization,  as amended  (incorporated  by
            reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on Form
            10-K for the year ended March 31, 1996).

3.2      -  Restated  and amended  By-laws of the  Registrant  (incorporated  by
            reference to exhibit of same designation to Quarterly Report on Form
            10-Q dated September 29, 2002).

4.4      -  Specimen of Common Stock  Certificate  (incorporated by reference to
            exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            year ended April 2, 2000).

4.6      -  Form of Indenture dated as of May 15, 1987 relating to the Company's
            8.25% Convertible  Subordinated  Debentures Due 2012, including Form
            of  Debenture   (incorporated   by  reference  to  exhibit  of  same
            designation  to  Registration   Statement  on  Form  S-1,  File  No.
            33-13753).

4.7      -  Indenture  dated as of April 1, 1998 by and  among  the  Registrant,
            certain  subsidiaries of the Registrant,  and SunTrust Bank, Central
            Florida,  National  Association,  as trustee, for the 10 1/2% Senior
            Secured Notes due 2008 (incorporated by reference to exhibit of same
            designation  to  Registration   Statement  on  Form  S-4,  File  No.
            333-50717).

4.8      -  First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 15, 1999 by and among
            the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant, and SunTrust
            Bank, Central Florida, National Association,  as trustee, for the 10
            1/2% Senior  Secured  Notes due 2008  (incorporated  by reference to
            exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 28, 1999).

4.9      -  Second  Supplemental  Indenture dated as of December 31, 2000 by and
            among the Registrant,  certain  subsidiaries of the Registrant,  and
            SunTrust Bank, Central Florida,  National  Association,  as trustee,
            for the 10 1/2%  Senior  Secured  Notes  due 2008  (incorporated  by
            reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on Form
            10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

4.10     -  Third  Supplemental  Indenture  dated as of October  31, 2001 by and
            among the Registrant,  certain  subsidiaries of the Registrant,  and
            SunTrust Bank, Central Florida,  National  Association,  as trustee,
            for the 10 1/2%  Senior  Secured  Notes  due 2008  (incorporated  by
            reference to exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on Form
            10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

4.11     -  Fourth  Supplemental  Indenture dated as of December 31, 2001 to the
            Indenture Dated as of April 1, 1998 among the Registrant, certain of
            its subsidiaries and SunTrust Bank (formerly  SunTrust Bank, Central
            Florida,  National Association),  as Notes Trustee,  relating to the
            Company's $110 million aggregate  principal amount of 10 1/2% Senior
            Secured Notes due 2008 (incorporated by reference to exhibit of same
            designation  to  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated  December  30,
            2001).

4.12     -  Fifth  Supplemental  Indenture  dated  as of  July  31,  2002 to the
            Indenture Dated as of April 1, 1998 among the Registrant, certain of
            its subsidiaries and SunTrust Bank (formerly  SunTrust Bank, Central
            Florida,  National Association),  as Notes Trustee,  relating to the
            Company's $110 million aggregate  principal amount of 10 1/2% Senior
            Secured Notes due 2008 (incorporated by reference to exhibit of same
            designation  to Transition  Report on Form 10-KT for the nine months
            ended December 31, 2002).


                                                                             107

<PAGE>

4.13     -  Sixth  Supplemental  Indenture  dated  as of April  30,  2003 to the
            Indenture Dated as of April 1, 1998 among the Registrant, certain of
            its  subsidiaries  and the SunTrust Bank  (formerly  SunTrust  Bank,
            Central Florida,  National Association),  as Notes Trustee, relating
            to the Company's $110 million aggregate  principal amount of 10 1/2%
            Senior Secured Notes due 2008  (incorporated by reference to exhibit
            of same  designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30,
            2003).

4.14     -  Seventh Supplemental  Indenture dated as of February 29, 2004 to the
            Indenture Dated as of April 1, 1998 among the Registrant, certain of
            its subsidiaries and SunTrust Bank (formerly  SunTrust Bank, Central
            Florida,  National Association),  as Notes Trustee,  relating to the
            Company's $110 million aggregate  principal amount of 10 1/2% Senior
            Secured Notes due 2008 (incorporated by reference to exhibit of same
            designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

10.24    -  Form of  Agreement  dated June 27, 1989 between the  Registrant  and
            Peoples  Heritage  Savings Bank  relating to sale of mortgage  notes
            receivable (incorporated by reference to exhibit of same designation
            to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year  ended  April 2,
            1989).

10.78*   -  Registrant's  1988  Amended  Outside  Director's  Stock  Option Plan
            (incorporated  by reference to exhibit to Registration  Statement on
            Form S-8, File No. 33-61687).

10.79*   -  Registrant's   1998   Non-Employee   Director   Stock   Option  Plan
            (incorporated  by  reference to exhibit  10.131 to Annual  report on
            Form 10-K for the year ended March 29, 1998).

10.80*   -  Registrant's 1995 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended  (incorporated by
            reference  to  exhibit  10.79 to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 29, 1998).

10.81*   -  Registrant's Retirement Savings Plan.  (incorporated by reference to
            exhibit of same  Designation  to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

10.85    -  Amended and Restated  Sale and  Contribution  Agreement  dated as of
            October  1,  1999 by and  among  Bluegreen  Corporation  Receivables
            Finance Corporation III and BRFC III Deed Corporation  (incorporated
            by  reference  to exhibit  10.103 to  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
            dated January 2, 2000).

10.86    -  Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of October 1,
            1999  by and  among  Bluegreen  Corporation,  Bluegreen  Receivables
            Finance Corporation III, BRFC III Deed Corporation, Heller Financial
            Inc.,  Vacation Trust, Inc. and U.S. Bank National  Association,  as
            cash  administrator,  including  Definitions Annex  (incorporated by
            reference to exhibit  10.104 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
            January 2, 2000).

10.87    -  Amended and Restated  Sale and Servicing  Agreement  dated April 17,
            2002,   among  the   Registrant,   Bluegreen   Receivables   Finance
            Corporation V, BXG Receivables Note Trust 2001-A,  Concord Servicing
            Corporation,  Vacation  Trust,  Inc.  and U.S.  Bank Trust  National
            Association  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.111 to Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

10.88    -  Amended and Restated Note Purchase  Agreement  dated April 17, 2002,
            among the Registrant,  Bluegreen  Receivables Finance Corporation V,
            BXG Receivables Note Trust 2001-A, the Purchasers Parties Hereto and
            ING Capital LLC  (incorporated  by  reference  to exhibit  10.112 to
            Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year  ended  March 31,
            2002).

* - Compensation plan or arrangement.


                                                                             108

<PAGE>

10.89    -  Letter  Amendment to Amended and Restated  Note  Purchase  Agreement
            dated April 1, 2003,  among the  Registrant,  Bluegreen  Receivables
            Finance  Corporation  V, BXG  Receivables  Note  Trust  2001-A,  the
            Purchasers  Parties  Hereto and ING  Capital  LLC  (incorporated  by
            reference to exhibit  10.115 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
            March 31, 2003).

10.90    -  Extension  Letter  dated  as of  September  30,  2004,  from  Resort
            Finance,  LLC  to  BXG  Receivables  Note  Trust  2001-A,  Bluegreen
            Corporation  and  Bluegreen   Receivables   Finance   Corporation  V
            (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.115 to Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2004).

10.91    -  Amended and Restated  Sale and Servicing  Agreement  dated April 17,
            2002,   among  the   Registrant,   Bluegreen   Receivables   Finance
            Corporation V, BXG Receivables Note Trust 2001-A,  Concord Servicing
            Corporation,  Vacation  Trust,  Inc.  and U.S.  Bank Trust  National
            Association  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.111 to Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

10.92    -  Amended and Restated  Indenture  dated April 17,  2002,  between BXG
            Receivables   Note  Trust  2001-A  and  U.S.  Bank  Trust   National
            Association  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.113 to Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

10.93    -  Amended and Restate  Trust  Agreement  dated April 17, 2002,  by and
            among  Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance  Corporation V, GSS Holdings,
            Inc. and  Wilmington  Trust  Company  (incorporated  by reference to
            exhibit  10.114 to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year
            ended March 31, 2002).

10.94    -  Purchase and Contribution  Agreement dated November 15, 2002, by and
            among the Registrant and Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance Corporation
            VI (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.115 to Transition Report
            on Form 10-KT for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

10.95    -  Sale  Agreement  dated  November  15, 2002,  by and among  Bluegreen
            Receivables  Finance  Corporation VI and BXG Receivables  Note Trust
            2002-A VI (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.116 to Transition
            Report on Form 10-KT for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

10.96    -  Transfer  Agreement  dated  November  15,  2002,  by and  among  the
            Registrant,   BXG   Receivables   Owner  Trust  2000  and  Bluegreen
            Receivables  Finance  Corporation VI  (incorporated  by reference to
            exhibit  10.117  to  Transition  Report  on Form  10-KT for the nine
            months ended December 31, 2002).

10.97    -  Transfer  Agreement  dated  November  15,  2002,  by and  among  the
            Registrant,   BXG  Receivables   Note  Trust  2001-A  and  Bluegreen
            Receivables  Finance  Corporation VI  (incorporated  by reference to
            exhibit  10.118  to  Transition  Report  on Form  10-KT for the nine
            months ended December 31, 2002).

10.98    -  Transfer Supplement  (Committed) dated as of October 8, 2003 between
            ING Capital LLC and Resort Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to
            exhibit 10.116 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30,
            2003).


                                                                             109

<PAGE>

10.123   -  Transfer  Supplement  (Noncommitted)  dated as of  October  8,  2003
            between  ING Capital LLC and Resort  Finance  LLC  (incorporated  by
            reference to exhibit  10.117 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
            September 30, 2003).

10.99    -  Note  Purchase   Agreement  dated  December  3,  2002,  between  BXG
            Receivables  Note  Trust  2002-A  and  ING  Financial   Markets  LLC
            (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.119 to Transition Report on
            Form 10-KT for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

10.100   -  Trust  Agreement  dated  November 15, 2002,  by and among  Bluegreen
            Receivables   Finance   Corporation  VI,  GSS  Holdings,   Inc.  and
            Wilmington  Trust  Company  (incorporated  by  reference  to exhibit
            10.120 to Transition  Report on Form 10-KT for the nine months ended
            December 31, 2002).

10.101   -  Indenture  dated  November 15,  2002,  between the  Registrant,  BXG
            Receivables  Note  Trust  2002-A,   Vacation  Trust,  Inc.,  Concord
            Servicing   Corporation   and   U.S.   Bank   National   Association
            (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.121 to Transition Report on
            Form 10-KT for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

10.102   -  Sale and  Contribution  Agreement among the Registrant and Bluegreen
            Receivables  Finance  Corporation  VII,  dated as of  August 3, 2004
            (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.105 to Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

10.103   -  Sale and  Servicing  Agreement  among BXG  Receivables  Owner  Trust
            2004-A,   Bluegreen   Receivables   Finance   Corporation  VII,  the
            Registrant,  Concord Servicing  Corporation,  Vacation Trust,  Inc.,
            U.S.  Bank  National   Association  and  General   Electric  Capital
            Corporation,  dated as of August 3, 2004  (incorporated by reference
            to exhibit  10.106 to  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30,
            2004).

10.104   -  Trust   Agreement  by  and  among  Bluegreen   Receivables   Finance
            Corporation  VII, GSS Holdings,  Inc. and Wilmington  Trust Company,
            dated as of August 3, 2004  (incorporated  by  reference  to exhibit
            10.107 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

10.105   -  Indenture  between BXG Receivables  Owner Trust 2004-A and U.S. Bank
            National  Association,  dated as of August 3, 2004  (incorporated by
            reference to exhibit  10.108 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
            June 30, 2004).

10.106   -  BXG Receivables Owner Trust 2004-A  Definitions  Annex,  Definitions
            and  Interpretations,  dated as of August 3, 2004  (incorporated  by
            reference to exhibit  10.109 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
            June 30, 2004).

10.107   -  Note Purchase  Agreement  between BXG Receivables  Note Trust 2004-B
            and BB&T Capital Markets,  dated as of July 1, 2004 (incorporated by
            reference to exhibit  10.127 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
            June 30, 2004).

10.108   -  Amended  and  Restated  Trust   Agreement  by  and  among  Bluegreen
            Receivables  Finance  Corporation  VIII,  GSS  Holdings,   Inc.  and
            Wilmington Trust Company,  dated as of July 8, 2004 (incorporated by
            reference to exhibit  10.128 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
            June 30, 2004).


                                                                             110

<PAGE>

10.109   -  Purchase and Contribution  Agreement by and among the Registrant and
            Bluegreen Receivables Finance Corporation VIII, dated as of June 15,
            2004  (incorporated  by  reference  to exhibit  10.129 to  Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

10.110   -  Indenture   between  BXG   Receivables   Owner  Trust  2004-B,   the
            Registrant,  Vacation Trust, Inc., Concord Servicing Corporation and
            U.S.  Bank  National   Association,   dated  as  of  June  15,  2004
            (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.130 to Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

10.111   -  Standard  Definitions  to Indenture  between BXG  Receivables  Owner
            Trust  2004-B,   the  Registrant,   Vacation  Trust,  Inc.,  Concord
            Servicing Corporation and U.S. Bank National  Association,  dated as
            of June 15, 2004  (incorporated  by reference  to exhibit  10.131 to
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

10.112   -  Transfer Agreement by and among the Registrant, BXG Receivables Note
            Trust 2001-A and Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance  Corporation  VIII,
            dated as of June 15,  2004  (incorporated  by  reference  to exhibit
            10.132 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

10.113   -  Sale   Agreement  by  and  among   Bluegreen   Receivables   Finance
            Corporation VIII and BXG Receivables Note Trust 2004-B,  dated as of
            June 15,  2004  (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  10.133 to
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004).

10.114   -  Purchase and Contribution  Agreement by and among the Registrant and
            Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance Corporation IX, dated as of December
            1, 2004.

10.115   -  Sale   Agreement  by  and  among   Bluegreen   Receivables   Finance
            Corporation IX and BXG  Receivables  Note Trust 2004-C,  dated as of
            December 1, 2004.

10.116   -  Note Funding  Agreement among the Registrant,  BXG Receivables  Note
            Trust 2004-C,  Bluegreen  Receivables  Finance  Corporation IX,  the
            purchasers  parties  hereto and Branch  Banking  and Trust  Company,
            dated as of December 1, 2004.

10.117   -  Trust   Agreement  by  and  among  Bluegreen   Receivables   Finance
            Corporation  IX, GSS Holdings,  Inc. and  Wilmington  Trust Company,
            dated as of November 2, 2004.

10.118   -  Note Purchase Commitment  Agreement relative to BXG Receivables Note
            Trust 2004-C, dated as of December 1, 2004.

10.119   -  Indenture dated as of December 1, 2004,  among the  Registrant,  BXG
            Receivables  Note  Trust  2004-C,   Vacation  Trust,  Inc.,  Concord
            Servicing  Corporation,  U.S. Bank National  Association  and Branch
            Banking and Trust Company.

10.120   -  Standard  Definitions  to  Indenture  dated as of  December 1, 2004,
            among the Registrant,  BXG Receivables  Note Trust 2004-C,  Vacation
            Trust,  Inc.,  Concord  Servicing  Corporation,  U.S.  Bank National
            Association and Branch Banking and Trust Company.


                                                                             111

<PAGE>

10.134   -  Exchange and  Registration  Rights Agreement dated April 1, 1998, by
            and among the Registrant and the persons named therein,  relating to
            the 10 1/2% Senior Secured Notes due 2008 (incorporated by reference
            to exhibit  10.123 to  Registration  Statement on Form S-4, File No.
            333-50717).

10.135*  -  Employment Agreement between George F. Donovan and the Company dated
            December 19, 2001  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit  10.124 to
            Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year  ended  March 31,
            2002).

10.136*  -  Promissory  Note dated July 1, 2002  between  George F.  Donovan and
            Bluegreen  Corporation  (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.148
            to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2002).

10.137*  -  Employment  Agreement  between John F. Chiste and the Company  dated
            December 27, 2001  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit  10.125 to
            Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year  ended  March 31,
            2002).

10.138*  -  Employment Agreement between Daniel C. Koscher and the Company dated
            May 22, 2002  (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.126 to Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

10.139   -  Amended  and  Restated  Loan  and  Security  Agreement  dated  as of
            September  23, 1997 between  Foothill  Capital  Corporation  and the
            Registrant   (incorporated   by  reference  to  exhibit   10.130  to
            Registration Statement on Form S-4, File No. 333-50717).

10.140   -  Amendment  Number One to Loan and Security  Agreement dated December
            1,  2000,  by  and  between  the  Registrant  and  Foothill  Capital
            Corporation   (incorporated   by  reference  to  exhibit  10.140  to
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 31, 2000).

10.141   -  Amendment  Number  Two to Loan and  Security  Agreement  dated as of
            November 9, 2001, by and between the Registrant and Foothill Capital
            Corporation   (incorporated   by  reference  to  exhibit  10.133  to
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 31, 2001).

10.142   -  Amendment  Number Three to Loan and Security  Agreement dated August
            28,  2002,  by and  between  the  Registrant  and  Foothill  Capital
            Corporation   (incorporated   by  reference  to  exhibit  10.132  to
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated September 29, 2002).

10.143   -  Amendment Number Four to Loan and Security Agreement dated March 26,
            2003, by and between the Registrant and Foothill Capital Corporation
            (incorporated  by reference to exhibit of same designation to Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

10.144   -  Amendment Number Five to Loan and Security Agreement dated September
            1, 2003,  by and between the  Registrant  and Wells Fargo  Foothill,
            Inc. (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation) (incorporated by reference
            to exhibit of same designation to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

* - Compensation plan or arrangement.


                                                                             112

<PAGE>

10.145   -  Amendment  Number Six to Loan and Security  Agreement dated April 2,
            2004 by and between the  Registrant and Wells Fargo  Foothill,  Inc.
            (f/k/a Foothill Capital  Corporation)  (incorporated by reference to
            exhibit  10.146 to  Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q  dated  June 30,
            2004).

10.146   -  Amendment  Number  Seven  to  Loan  and  Security   Agreement  dated
            September  21, 2004 by and between  the  Registrant  and Wells Fargo
            Foothill, Inc. (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation).

10.147   -  Amendment Number Eight to Loan and Security  Agreement dated October
            5, 2004 by and between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Foothill, Inc.
            (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation).

10.148   -  Amendment Number Nine to Loan and Security  Agreement dated December
            23,  2004 by and between the  Registrant  and Wells Fargo  Foothill,
            Inc. (f/k/a Foothill Capital Corporation).

10.149   -  Promissory  Note dated March 26, 2003, by and between the Registrant
            and  Foothill  Corporation  (incorporated  by  reference  to exhibit
            10.134 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2003).

10.150   -  Loan  Agreement  dated January 10, 2005,  between Resort Finance LLC
            and Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc.

10.151   -  Revolving  Promissory  Note dated January 10, 2005,  between  Resort
            Finance LLC and Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc.

10.152   -  Construction  Mortgage,  Security Agreement and Financing  Statement
            dated as of January 10, 2005, by Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc.
            in favor of Resort Finance LLC.

10.153   -  Guaranty  Agreement  dated  January 10, 2005,  by the  Registrant in
            favor of Resort Finance LLC.

10.155   -  Loan  Agreement  dated as of September 24, 1999,  between  Bluegreen
            Properties  of Virginia,  Inc. and Branch  Banking and Trust Company
            (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.140 to Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated October 3, 1999).

10.156   -  Loan  Agreement  dated as of September 25, 2002,  between  Bluegreen
            Corporation of the Rockies,  Bluegreen Golf Clubs,  Inc.,  Bluegreen
            Properties  of Virginia,  Inc.,  Bluegreen  Southwest  One, L.P. and
            Residential  Funding  Corporation   (incorporated  by  reference  to
            exhibit  10.149 to Current  Report on Form 8-K dated  September  25,
            2002).

10.157   -  Revolving  Promissory  Note dated as of September 25, 2002,  between
            Bluegreen  Corporation of the Rockies,  Bluegreen Golf Clubs,  Inc.,
            Bluegreen  Properties of Virginia,  Inc.,  Bluegreen  Southwest One,
            L.P. and Residential Funding Corporation  (incorporated by reference
            to exhibit 10.150 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated  September 25,
            2002).

10.158   -  Fourth Amended and Restated Loan  Agreement  dated December 31, 2004
            by and among the Registrant,  certain subsidiaries of the Registrant
            and Wachovia  Bank,  National  Association,  for the $15.0  million,
            unsecured, revolving line-of-credit due June 30, 2006.


                                                                             113

<PAGE>

10.159   -  Fourth Amended and Restated  Promissory Note dated December 31, 2004
            by and among the Registrant,  certain subsidiaries of the Registrant
            and Wachovia  Bank,  National  Association,  for the $15.0  million,
            unsecured, revolving line-of-credit due June 30, 2006.

10.160   -  Loan Agreement  dated November 12, 2003 by and among the Registrant,
            Bluegreen  Communities of Georgia,  LLC and Wachovia Bank,  National
            Association  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.161 to Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

10.161   -  Promissory Note dated November 12, 2003 by and among the Registrant,
            Bluegreen  Communities of Georgia,  LLC and Wachovia Bank,  National
            Association  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit 10.162 to Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

10.162   -  Loan Agreement dated February 10, 2003, between Bluegreen  Vacations
            Unlimited, Inc. and Residential Funding Corporation (incorporated by
            reference to exhibit  10.155 to Transition  Report on Form 10-KT for
            the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

10.163   -  Modification  Agreement  (AD&C Loan  Agreement)  dated September 10,
            2003, between Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc. and Residential
            Funding Corporation  (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.164 to
            Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  December  31,
            2003).

10.164   -  Revolving  Promissory  Note (AD&C Loan)  dated  February  10,  2003,
            between Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited,  Inc. and Residential Funding
            Corporation   (incorporated   by  reference  to  exhibit  10.156  to
            Transition  Report on Form 10-KT for the nine months ended  December
            31, 2002).

10.165   -  Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Promissory Note (AD&C Loan) dated as of
            September 10, 2003 between Bluegreen Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc. and
            Residential  Funding  Corporation   (incorporated  by  reference  to
            exhibit 10.157 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30,
            2003).

10.166   -  Amendment No. 2 to Revolving Promissory Note (AD&C Loan) dated as of
            September 15, 2004 between Bluegreen Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc. and
            Residential  Funding  Corporation   (incorporated  by  reference  to
            exhibit 10.167 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30,
            2004).

10.167   -  Loan and Security  Agreement  dated  February 10, 2003,  between the
            Registrant,  Residential  Funding  Corporation,  Bluegreen Vacations
            Unlimited, Inc. and Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC (incorporated
            by reference to exhibit  10.157 to  Transition  Report on Form 10-KT
            for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

10.168   -  Modification  Agreement  (Receivables  Loan and Security  Agreement)
            dated  September  10,  2003,  between  the  Registrant,  Residential
            Funding  Corporation,   Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,   Inc.  and
            Bluegreen/Big  Cedar  Vacations,  LLC  (incorporated by reference to
            exhibit of same  designation  to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).


                                                                             114

<PAGE>

10.169   -  Second   Modification   Agreement  (Receivables  Loan  and  Security
            Agreement)  dated  September  15,  2004,   between  the  registrant,
            Residential Funding Corporation, Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc.
            and Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC.

10.170   -  Project Commitment (Big Cedar Wilderness Club) dated October 1, 2003
            by and between Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc.,  Blugreen/Big
            Cedar   Vacations   LLC   and   Residential    Funding   Corporation
            (incorporated  by  reference to exhibit  10.169 to Annual  Report on
            Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

10.171   -  Revolving  Promissory  Note  (Receivables  Loan) dated  February 10,
            2003,  between  the  Registrant,  Residential  Funding  Corporation,
            Bluegreen   Vacations   Unlimited,   Inc.  and  Bluegreen/Big  Cedar
            Vacations,  LLC  (incorporated  by  reference  to exhibit  10.158 to
            Transition  Report on Form 10-KT for the nine months ended  December
            31, 2002).

10.172   -  Amendment  No. 1 to Revolving  Promissory  Note  (Receivables  Loan)
            dated  as of  September  10,  2003  between  Bluegreen  Corporation,
            Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited,  Inc., Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations,
            LLC and Residential Funding  Corporation  (incorporated by reference
            to exhibit 10.160 to Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated  September
            30, 2003).

10.173   -  Full Guaranty dated February 10, 2003, by the Registrant in favor of
            Residential  Funding  Corporation   (incorporated  by  reference  to
            exhibit  10.159  to  Transition  Report  on Form  10-KT for the nine
            months ended December 31, 2002).

10.174   -  Acquisition,  Construction and Receivable Loan,  Security and Agency
            Agreement  dated as of  December  22,  2003 by and  among  Bluegreen
            Vacations  Unlimited,   Inc.,  Bluegreen   Corporation  and  Textron
            Financial  Corporation  (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.173
            to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
            2003).

10.175   -  Secured  Promissory Note  (Revolving Loan Component)  dated December
            22, 2003 between  Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc.,  Bluegreen
            Corporation  and  Textron  Financial  Corporation  (incorporated  by
            reference  to exhibit  10.174 to Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

10.176   -  Secured  Promissory Note (Acquisition / Construction Loan Component)
            dated December 22, 2003 between Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc.,
            Bluegreen    Corporation   and   Textron    Financial    Corporation
            (incorporated  by  reference to exhibit  10.175 to Annual  Report on
            Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

10.200   -  Marketing and Promotions Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000, by and
            between  Big Cedar  L.L.C.,  Bass  Pro,  Inc.,  Bluegreen  Vacations
            Unlimited,    Inc.   and   Bluegreen/Big   Cedar   Vacations,   LLC.
            (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  of  same  designation  to
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.201   -  Advertising  Advance  Loan dated as of June 16,  2000 by and between
            Big Cedar L.L.C., as Maker, and Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc.,
            as Holder  (incorporated by reference to exhibit of same designation
            to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.202   -  Website Hyperlink License Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000 by and
            between  Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc. (as User), Bass Pro,
            Inc. and Bass Pro Outdoors Online,  L.L.C. (as Owners) (incorporated
            by reference to exhibit of same  designation to Quarterly  Report on
            Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.203   -  Website Hyperlink License Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000 by and
            between Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc. (as Owner), Bass Pro,
            Inc. and Bass Pro Outdoors Online,  L.L.C. (as Users)  (incorporated
            by reference to exhibit of same  designation to Quarterly  Report on
            Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).


                                                                             115

<PAGE>

10.204   -  Contribution  Agreement  dated  as of June 16,  2000 by and  between
            Bluegreen   Vacations   Unlimited,   Inc.   and  Big  Cedar   L.L.C.
            (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  of  same  designation  to
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.205   -  Operating Agreement of Bluegreen/Big  Cedar Vacations,  LLC dated as
            of June 16, 2000 by and among Bluegreen  Vacations  Unlimited,  Inc.
            and Big Cedar L.L.C.  (incorporated  by reference to exhibit of same
            designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.206   -  Administrative  Services  Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000 by and
            among  Bluegreen/Big  Cedar Vacations,  LLC and Bluegreen  Vacations
            Unlimited,  Inc.  (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  of same
            designation to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.207   -  Servicing  Agreement  dated as of June  16,  2000 by and  among  the
            Registrant,  Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC and Big Cedar L.L.C.
            (incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  of  same  designation  to
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated July 2, 2000).

10.208   -  Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of September  30, 2002,  by and
            among TakeMeOnVacation, LLC, RVM Promotions, LLC, RVM Vacations, LLC
            and Leisure Plan, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit of same
            designation to Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 2, 2002).

18       -  Letter re: Change in Accounting Principle (incorporated by reference
            to exhibit of same  designation  to Transition  Report on Form 10-KT
            for the nine months ended December 31, 2002).

21.1     -  List of Subsidiaries.

23.1     -  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

31.1     -  Certification  of George F. Donovan,  President and Chief  Executive
            Officer,  pursuant to  Securities  Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(c) and
            15d-15(c),  as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
            Act of 2002.

31.2     -  Certification  of John F. Chiste,  Senior Vice President,  Treasurer
            and Chief  Financial  Officer,  pursuant to Securities  Exchange Act
            Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of
            the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1     -  Certification  of George F. Donovan,  President and Chief  Executive
            Officer,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
            Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2     -  Certification  of John F. Chiste,  Senior Vice President,  Treasurer
            and Chief Financial Officer,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
            adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


                                                                             116
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
