<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

================================================================================

                                  United States

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   ----------

                                    FORM 10-K

                Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                    For the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2003
                         Commission File Number 0-12788

                                   ----------

                          CASEY'S GENERAL STORES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             IOWA                                           42-0935283
 (State or other jurisdiction of                         (I.R.S. Employer
  incorporation or organization)                       Identification Number)

                       ONE CONVENIENCE BLVD., ANKENY, IOWA
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

                                      50021
                                   (Zip Code)

                                 (515) 965-6100
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

           Securities Registered Pursuant To Section 12(b) Of The Act:

                                      NONE

           Securities Registered Pursuant To Section 12(g) Of The Act:

                                  COMMON STOCK
                                (Title of Class)

                          COMMON SHARE PURCHASE RIGHTS
                                (Title of Class)

================================================================================

<PAGE>

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes [X] No [_]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).
Yes [X] No [_]

     The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by
non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales
price ($11.71 per share) as quoted on the NASDAQ National Market System on the
last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal
quarter (October 31, 2002), was approximately $498,878,670.

     At the close of business on July 25, 2003, the registrant had 49,793,162
shares of Common Stock, no par value, issued and outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of the following documents, as set forth herein, are incorporated
by reference into the listed Parts and Items of this report on Form 10-K:

     1. Annual Report to shareholders for fiscal year ended April 30, 2003
(Items 5, 6, 7 and 8 of Part II and Item 16(a) of Part IV).

     2. Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
in connection with the Annual Meeting of shareholders to be held on September
19, 2003 (Items 10, 11, 12, 13, and 15 of Part III).

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

     This Form 10-K contains various "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking
statements represent the Company's expectations or beliefs concerning future
events, including (i) any statements regarding future sales and gross profit
percentages, (ii) any statements regarding the continuation of historical trends
and (iii) any statements regarding the sufficiency of the Company's cash
balances and cash generated from operations and financing activities for the
Company's future liquidity and capital resource needs. The words "believe",
"expect," "anticipate," "intends," "estimate," "project" and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company cautions that
these statements are further qualified by important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking
statements, including, without limitations, the factors described in Exhibit
99.1 to this Form 10-K.

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

The Company
-----------

     Casey's General Stores, Inc. ("Casey's") and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
(Casey's, together with its subsidiaries, shall be referred to herein as the
"Company"), operate convenience stores under the name "Casey's General Store" in
nine Midwestern states, primarily Iowa, Missouri and Illinois. The stores carry
a broad selection of food (including freshly prepared foods such as pizza,
donuts and sandwiches), beverages, tobacco products, health and beauty aids,
automotive products and other non-food items. In addition, all stores offer
gasoline for sale on a self-service basis. On April 30, 2003, there were a total
of 1,345 Casey's General Stores in operation, of which 1,290 were operated by
the Company ("Company Stores") and 55 stores were operated by franchisees
("Franchised Stores"). There were 15 Company Stores newly constructed in fiscal
2003 and one Company Store purchased. There were no Franchised Stores newly
opened in fiscal 2003. The Company operates a central warehouse, the Casey's
Distribution Center, adjacent to its Corporate Headquarters facility in Ankeny,
Iowa through which it supplies grocery and general merchandise items to Company
and Franchised Stores.

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

     Approximately 63% of all Casey's General Stores are located in areas with
populations of fewer than 5,000 persons, while approximately 11% of all stores
are located in communities with populations exceeding 20,000 persons. The
Company competes on the basis of price, as well as on the basis of traditional
features of convenience store operations such as location, extended hours and
quality of service.

     Casey's, with executive offices at One Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa
50021-8045 (telephone 515/965-6100) was incorporated in Iowa in 1967. Two of the
Company's subsidiaries, Casey's Marketing Company (the "Marketing Company") and
Casey's Services Company (the "Services Company") also operate from the
Corporate Headquarters facilities, and were incorporated in Iowa in March 1995.

     The Company's internet address is www.caseys.com. The Company makes
available through its website, among other items, the Company's Annual Report on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company
electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

General
-------

     Casey's General Stores seek to meet the needs of residents of small towns
by combining features of both general store and convenience store operations.
Smaller communities often are not served by national-chain convenience stores.
The Company has been successful in operating Casey's General Stores in small
towns by offering, at competitive prices, a broader selection of products than a
typical convenience store.

     In each of the past two fiscal years, the Company derived over 98% of its
gross profits from retail sales by Company Stores. It also derives income from
continuing monthly royalties based on sales by Franchised Stores, wholesale
sales to Franchised Stores, sign and facade rental fees and the provision of
certain maintenance, transportation and construction services to the Company's
franchisees. Sales at Casey's General Stores historically have been strongest
during the Company's first and second quarters and relatively weaker during its
fourth quarter. In the warmer months of the year (which comprise the Company's
first two fiscal quarters), customers tend to purchase greater quantities of
gasoline and certain convenience items such as beer, soft drinks and ice. Due to
the continuing emphasis on higher-margin, freshly prepared food items, however,
Casey's net sales and net income (with the exception of the fourth quarter) have
become somewhat less seasonal in recent years.

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

     The following table shows the number of Company Stores and Franchised
Stores in each state on April 30, 2003:

                              Company        Franchised
         State                Stores           Stores          Total
----------------------        -------        ----------       ------
Iowa .................            319                28          347
Illinois .............            356                10          366
Indiana ..............             56                 0           56
Kansas ...............            103                 1          104
Minnesota ............             84                 6           90
Missouri .............            265                 6          271
Nebraska .............             58                 4           62
South Dakota .........             34                 0           34
Wisconsin ............             15                 0           15
   Total .............          1,290(96%)           55(4%)    1,345(100%)

     The Company has operational responsibility for all Company Stores.
Franchised Stores generally follow the same operating policies as Company
Stores and are subject to Company supervision pursuant to its franchise
agreements. Franchised Stores and Company Stores offer substantially the same
products and conform to the same basic store design.

     The following table shows the number of Company and Franchised Stores
opened, closed, Franchised Stores converted to Company Stores and total stores
in operation during each of the last five fiscal years:

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Stores in
                            New                                    Operation
 Fiscal Year Ended         Stores       Closed      Converted      at End of
     April 30,             Opened       Stores        Stores        Period
----------------------   ----------   ----------    ----------    ------------
1999
   Company ...........           80            4             0           1,022
   Franchised ........            1            3            (0)            161
                         ----------   ----------                  ------------
      Total ..........           81            7                         1,183
2000
   Company ...........           84            4            17           1,119
   Franchised ........            1           18           (17)            127
                         ----------   ----------                  ------------
      Total ..........           85           22                         1,246
2001
   Company ...........           45            2            29           1,191
   Franchised ........            0            3           (29)             95
                         ----------   ----------                  ------------
      Total ..........           45            5                         1,286
2002
   Company ...........           52            6            21           1,258
   Franchised ........            2            0           (21)             76
                         ----------   ----------                  ------------
      Total ..........           54            6                         1,334
2003
   Company ...........           16            5            21           1,290
   Franchised ........            0            0           (21)             55
                         ----------   ----------                  ------------
      Total ..........           16            5                         1,345

     Two Company Stores were opened in May and June 2003 and 11 Company Stores
were under construction at June 30, 2003. On June 30, 2003, the Company had
purchased or had the right to purchase 11 additional store sites. All the stores
under construction or planned for construction on such sites will be Company
Stores. Management anticipates opening approximately 15 new Company Stores
during fiscal 2004.

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

     The Company intends to continue to increase the number of Company Stores,
and the proportion of Company Stores relative to Franchised Stores, because of
the greater profitability of Company Stores and the Company's greater operating
control over such stores. See "BUSINESS - Franchise Operations" herein. The
Company anticipates it will increase the number of Company Stores through
construction of new stores and the acquisition of existing Franchised Stores.
The Company converted 21 stores from Franchised Stores to Company Stores during
fiscal 2003.

     Management believes that its current market area presents substantial
opportunities for continued growth, and the Company intends to concentrate its
expansion efforts in this area before pursuing expansion in other geographic
markets. In the opinion of management, the Casey's Distribution Center in
Ankeny, Iowa can adequately supply the general merchandise requirements of over
400 additional stores.

     In its expansion, the Company intends to follow its traditional store site
selection criteria and to locate most new stores in small towns, and along busy
highways near or at the edge of larger metropolitan areas.

Corporate Subsidiaries
----------------------

     The Marketing Company and the Services Company were organized as Iowa
corporations in March 1995, and both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Casey's.
Certain Casey's employees became employees of the Marketing Company or the
Services Company on May 1, 1995, and both of those subsidiaries assumed certain
responsibilities and functions formerly held by Casey's on that date.

     Casey's East Central, Inc., an Iowa corporation ("Casey's East Central"),
was organized as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Marketing Company in April
1999. At the same time, Casey's East Central and Casey's formed Casey's
Enterprises, LLC, an Iowa limited liability company ("Casey's Enterprises") for
the purpose of owning and operating Company Stores in the State of Indiana.

     Casey's now operates Company Stores in the States of Illinois, Kansas,
Minnesota, Nebraska and South Dakota. Casey's also holds the rights to the
Casey's trademark and trade name, and serves as franchisor in connection with
the operation of Franchised Stores. The Marketing Company has responsibility for
the operation of Company Stores in the States of Iowa, Missouri and Wisconsin.
The Marketing Company also has responsibility for all Company wholesale
operations, including the operation of the Casey's Distribution Center. Casey's
East Central employs store personnel in Indiana who

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

operate the convenience stores owned by Casey's Enterprises in that state. The
Services Company provides a variety of construction and transportation services
for all Company Stores.

Store Operations
----------------

     Products Offered

     Each Casey's General Store typically carries approximately 1,800 food and
non-food items. The products offered are those normally found in a supermarket,
except that the stores do not sell produce or fresh meats, and selection is
generally limited to one or two well-known brands of each item stocked. Most
staple foodstuffs carried are of nationally advertised brands. Stores sell
regional brands of dairy and bakery products, and approximately 84% of the
stores offer beer. The non-food items carried include tobacco products, health
and beauty aids, school supplies, housewares, pet supplies, photo supplies, and
automotive products.

     All of the Casey's General Stores offer gasoline or gasohol for sale on a
self-service basis. The gasoline and gasohol offered by the stores generally are
sold under the Casey's name, although some Franchised Stores sell gasoline under
a major oil company brand name.

     It is management's policy to experiment with additions to the Company's
product line, especially products with higher gross profit margins. As a result
of this policy, the Company has added various prepared food items to its product
line over the years. In 1980, the Company initiated the installation of "snack
centers" which now are in all Company Stores. The snack centers sell sandwiches,
fountain drinks, and other items that have gross profit margins higher than
those of general staple goods. The Company also sells donuts, prepared on store
premises, in approximately 97% of the stores as of April 30, 2003, as well as
cookies, brownies, danish, cinnamon rolls and muffins, and is installing
donut-making facilities in all newly constructed stores.

     The Company began marketing made-from-scratch pizza in 1984, expanding its
availability to 1,205 (90%) stores as of April 30, 2003. Management believes
pizza is the Company's most popular prepared food product, although the Company
continues to expand its prepared food product line, which now includes ham and
cheese, pork and chicken fritters, sausage sandwiches, chicken tenders, sub
sandwiches, breakfast croissants and biscuits, breakfast pizza, hash browns,
quarter-pound hamburgers and cheeseburgers, hot dogs and potato wedges.

                                      -8-

<PAGE>

     The pizza and other prepared food products are made on store premises with
ingredients delivered from the Casey's Distribution Center. Pizza generally is
available in three sizes with ten different toppings and is sold for take-out
between the hours of 4:00 P.M. and 11:00 P.M. In addition, at selected store
locations a luncheon menu consisting of pizza-by-the-slice and sandwiches is
available.

     An important part of the Company's marketing strategy is to increase sales
volume by pricing competitively on price-sensitive items. On less
price-sensitive items, it is the Company's policy to maintain, or in the case of
Franchised Stores to recommend, a Company-wide pricing structure in each store
that is generally comparable to that of other convenience, gasoline or grocery
stores located in the area and competing for the same customers.

     Management attributes the Company's ability to offer competitive prices to
a number of factors, including the Company's central distribution system, its
purchasing practices which avoid dependence upon jobbers and vendors by relying
on a few large wholesale companies and its success in minimizing land,
construction and equipment costs.

     Management's decision to add snack center items, freshly prepared donuts
and pizza to the Company's product selection reflects its strategy to promote
high profit margin products that are compatible with convenience store
operations. Although retail sales of non-gasoline items during the last three
fiscal years have generated approximately 38% of the Company's retail sales,
such sales resulted in approximately 75% of the Company's gross profits from
retail sales. Gross profit margins for prepared foods items, which have averaged
approximately 57% during the last three fiscal years, are significantly higher
than the gross profit margin for retail sales of gasoline, which has averaged
approximately 8% during such period.

     Store Design

     Casey's General Stores are free-standing and, with a few exceptions to
accommodate local conditions, conform to standard construction specifications.
During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2003, the aggregate investment in the
land, building, equipment and initial inventory for a typical Company Store
averaged approximately $1,000,000. The standard building designed by the Company
is a pre-engineered steel frame building mounted on a concrete slab. The current
store design measures 40 feet by 68 feet, with approximately 1,300 square feet
devoted to sales area, 500 square feet to kitchen space, 500 square feet to
storage and two large public restrooms. Store lots have

                                      -9-

<PAGE>

sufficient frontage and depth to permit adequate drive-in parking facilities on
one or more sides of each store. Each store typically includes three or four
islands of gasoline dispensers and storage tanks having a capacity of 24,000 to
30,000 gallons of gasoline. The merchandising display in each store follows a
standard layout designed to encourage a flow of customer traffic through all
sections of the store. All stores are air conditioned and have modern
refrigeration facilities. The store locations feature the Company's bright red
and yellow pylon sign and facade, both of which display the name and service
mark of the Company.

     All Casey's General Stores remain open at least 16 hours per day, seven
days a week. Most store locations are open from 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m.,
although hours of operation may be adjusted on a store-by-store basis to
accommodate customer traffic patterns. The Company requires that all stores
maintain a bright, clean store interior and provide prompt check-out service. It
is the Company's policy not to permit the installation of electronic games or
sale of adult magazines on store premises.

     Store Locations
     ---------------

     The Company traditionally has located its stores in small towns not served
by national-chain convenience stores. Approximately 63% of all stores operate in
areas with populations of fewer than 5,000 persons, while approximately 11% of
all stores are located in communities with populations exceeding 20,000 persons.
Management believes that a Casey's General Store provides a service not
otherwise available in small towns, and that a convenience store in an area with
limited population can be profitable if it stresses sales volume and competitive
prices. The Company's store site selection criteria emphasize the population of
the immediate area and daily highway traffic volume. Management believes that,
if there is no competing store, a Casey's General Store may operate profitably
at a highway location in a community with a population of as few as 500 persons.

     Gasoline Operations
     -------------------

     Gasoline sales are an important part of the Company's sales and earnings.
Approximately 60% of Casey's net sales for the year ended April 30, 2003 were
derived from the retail sale of gasoline. The following table summarizes
gasoline sales by Company Stores for the three fiscal years ended April 30,
2003:

                                      -10-

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Year Ended April 30,
                                  -------------------------------------------------------------
                                        2003                  2002                   2001
                                  ---------------        ---------------        ---------------
<S>                               <C>                    <C>                    <C>
Number of Gallons Sold                934,040,171            927,537,778            799,973,969
Total Retail Gasoline Sales       $ 1,290,094,196        $ 1,191,157,369        $ 1,163,025,929
   Percentage of Net Sales                   59.9%                  58.0%                  60.5%
   Gross Profit Percentage                    7.9%                   7.6%                   7.8%
Average Retail Price per
 Gallon                           $          1.38        $          1.28        $          1.45
Average Gross Profit Margin
 per Gallon                                 10.92CENTS              9.80CENTS             11.31CENTS
Average Number of Gallons
 Sold per Company Store *                 732,092                755,355                692,124

----------
<FN>
<F1>
*    Includes only those stores that had been in operation for at least one
     full year before commencement of the periods indicated.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

     Retail prices of gasoline increased during the year ended April 30, 2003.
The total number of gallons sold by the Company during this period also
increased, primarily as the result of the increased number of Company Stores in
operation and the Company's efforts to price its retail gasoline competitively
in the market area served by the particular store. See "BUSINESS--Store
Operations--Competition" herein. As a result of these conditions, total retail
gasoline sales by the Company increased during the period, and the percentage of
such sales to the Company's total net sales also increased.

     Retail gasoline profit margins have a substantial impact on the Company's
net income. Profit margins on gasoline sales can be adversely affected by
factors beyond the control of the Company, including over-supply in the retail
gasoline market, uncertainty or volatility in the wholesale gasoline market, an
unstable political climate in the Middle East and price competition from other
gasoline marketers. Any substantial decrease in profit margins on gasoline sales
or number of gallons sold could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
earnings.

     The Company purchases its gasoline from independent national and regional
petroleum distributors. Although in recent years the Company's suppliers have
not experienced any difficulties in obtaining sufficient amounts of gasoline to
meet the Company's needs, unanticipated national and international events could
result in a reduction of gasoline supplies available for distribution to the
Company. A substantial curtailment in gasoline supplied to the Company could
adversely affect the Company by reducing gasoline sales. Further, management
believes that a significant amount of the Company's business results from the
patronage of customers primarily desiring to purchase gasoline and, accordingly,
reduced gasoline supplies could adversely affect the sale of non-gasoline items.
These factors could have a material adverse impact upon the Company's earnings
and operations.

     Distribution and Wholesale Arrangements
     ---------------------------------------

     The Marketing Company supplies all Company Stores and all Franchised Stores
with groceries, food, health and beauty aids and general merchandise from the
Casey's Distribution Center. The stores place orders for merchandise through a
telecommunications link-up to the computer at the Company's headquarters in
Ankeny, and weekly shipments are made from the Casey's Distribution Center by 54
Company-owned delivery trucks. The Marketing Company charges Franchised Stores
processing and shipping fees for each order filled by the Casey's Distribution
Center. The efficient service area of the Casey's Distribution Center is
approximately 500 miles, which encompasses all of the Company's existing and
proposed stores.

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

     The Marketing Company's only wholesale sales are to Franchised Stores, to
which it sells groceries, prepared sandwiches, ingredients and supplies for
donuts, sandwiches and pizza, health and beauty aids, general merchandise and
gasoline. Although the Company derives income from this activity, it makes such
sales, particularly gasoline sales, at narrow profit margins in order to promote
the competitiveness and increase the sales to Franchised Stores.

     In fiscal 2003, the Company purchased directly from manufacturers
approximately 90% of the food and non-food items sold from the Casey's
Distribution Center. It is the Company's practice, with few exceptions, not to
enter into contracts with any of the suppliers of products sold by Casey's
General Stores. Management believes that the absence of such contracts is
customary in the industry for purchasers such as the Company and enables the
Company to respond flexibly to changing market conditions.

     Franchise Operations
     --------------------

     Casey's has franchised Casey's General Stores since 1970. In addition to
generating income for Casey's, franchising historically enabled Casey's to
obtain desirable store locations from persons who have preferred to become
franchisees rather than to sell or lease their locations to Casey's. Franchising
also enabled Casey's to expand its system of stores at a faster rate, thereby
achieving operating efficiencies in its warehouse and distribution system as
well as greater identification in its market area. As the Company has grown and
strengthened its financial resources, the advantages of franchising have
decreased in importance and in recent years management has acquired a number of
Franchised Stores by leasing or purchasing such stores from the franchisees.

     In June 2002, the Company offered, in a letter sent to 30 of the
then-remaining franchisees, to enter into discussions concerning the Company's
possible acquisition of all Franchised Stores owned and operated by each such
franchisee. (A total of 56 Franchised Stores were then owned and operated by the
30 franchisees contacted by the Company). In each instance, the Company provided
the franchisee with the Company's estimate of the fair market value of the
affected Franchised Stores and described generally the Company's expectations
concerning the negotiation and terms of a purchase agreement between the Company
and the franchisee for the indicated Franchised Stores. The Company has acquired
a total of 13 stores from several of such franchisees in response to this
proposal, and expects to acquire 15 additional stores from existing franchisees
in the next several months. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to acquire any particular Franchised Stores on terms favorable to the
Company. As of April 30, 2003, there were a total of 26 franchisees operating 55
Franchised Stores.

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

     All franchisees currently pay Casey's a royalty fee equal to 3% of gross
receipts derived from total store sales excluding gasoline, subject to a minimum
monthly royalty of $300. Casey's currently assesses a royalty fee of $.018 per
gallon on gasoline sales, although it has discretion to increase this amount to
3% of retail gasoline sales. In addition, franchisees pay Casey's a sign and
facade rental fee. The franchise agreements do not authorize Casey's to
establish the prices to be charged by franchisees. Further, except with respect
to certain supplies and items provided in connection with the opening of each
store, each franchisee has unlimited authority to purchase supplies and
inventory from any supplier, provided the products meet the Company's quality
standards. Franchise agreements typically contain a non-competition clause that
restricts the franchisee's ability to operate a convenience-style store in that
area for a period of two or three years following termination of the agreement.

     Personnel
     ---------

     On April 30, 2003, the Company had 5,664 full-time employees and 8,724
part-time employees. The Company has not experienced any work stoppages. There
are no collective bargaining agreements between the Company and any of its
employees.

     The Company's supervisory personnel are responsible for monitoring and
assisting all stores, including Franchised Stores. Centralized control of store
operations is primarily maintained by the Chief Operating Officer of the
Company, who is assisted by the Senior Vice President of Store Operations.
Reporting directly to the Senior Vice President of Store Operations are 5
regional operations managers. Reporting directly to the regional managers are 26
district managers, each with responsibility over approximately equal numbers of
stores. Each district manager is generally in charge of six supervisors. Each of
the 155 supervisors in turn is responsible for the operations of approximately
eight individual stores.

     The majority of store managers and store personnel live in the community in
which their Casey's store is located. Training of store managers and store
personnel is conducted through the Store Operations Training Department overseen
by the Director of Store Operations Training. The Company operates a central
training facility at its Headquarters facility in Ankeny and provides continuing
guidance and training in the areas of merchandising, advertising and promotion,
administration, record keeping, accounting, inventory control and other general
operating and management procedures.

     As an incentive to the Company's employees and those of franchisees,
management stresses an internal promotion philosophy. Most district managers and
store

                                      -14-

<PAGE>

supervisors previously worked as store managers. At the senior management level,
one of the Company's executive officers has been employed by the Company for
more than twenty-seven years, and one has been employed for more than thirty-one
years.

     In addition to those two executive officers, the Company currently has a
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, a Senior Vice President of
Operations, a Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Vice Presidents of
Real Estate-Store Development, Marketing, Transportation, Food Service, Human
Resources, Information Systems and Support Services. The Company also has 42
other employees with managerial responsibilities in the areas of store
operations, gasoline marketing, real estate development, construction,
transportation, equipment maintenance, merchandising, advertising, Distribution
Center operations, payroll, accounting and data processing. The Company believes
that such employees are capable of carrying out their responsibilities without
substantial supervision by the executive officers.

     Competition
     -----------

     The Company's business is highly competitive. Food, including prepared
foods, and non-food items similar or identical to those sold by the Company are
generally available from various competitors in the communities served by
Casey's General Stores. Management believes that its stores located in small
towns compete principally with local convenience stores, grocery stores and
similar retail outlets and, to a lesser extent, with prepared food outlets or
restaurants and expanded gasoline stations offering a more limited selection of
grocery and food items for sale. Stores located in more heavily populated
communities may compete with local and national grocery and drug store chains,
expanded gasoline stations, supermarkets, discount food stores and traditional
convenience stores. Convenience store chains competing in the larger towns
served by Casey's General Stores include 7-Eleven, Kwik Shops, and regional
chains. Some of the Company's competitors have greater financial and other
resources than the Company.

     Gasoline sales, in particular, are intensely competitive. The Company
competes with both independent and national brand gasoline stations, some of
which may have access to more favorable arrangements for gasoline supply than do
the Company or the firms that supply its stores. Management believes that the
most direct competition for gasoline sales comes from other self-service
installations in the vicinity of individual store locations, some of whom
regularly offer non-cash discounts on self-service gasoline purchases such as a
"discounted" car wash or "mini-service." Company Stores generally do not offer
such discounts. In addition, management believes that Company Stores compete for
gasoline customers who regularly travel outside of their relatively smaller

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

community for shopping or employment purposes, and who therefore are able to
purchase gasoline while in nearby larger communities where retail gasoline
prices generally are lower. For this reason, the Company attempts to offer
gasoline for sale at prices comparable to those prevailing in nearby larger
communities.

     The Company believes that the competitiveness of Casey's General Stores is
based on price (particularly in the case of gasoline sales) as well as on a
combination of store location, extended hours, a wide selection of name brand
products, self-service gasoline facilities and prompt check-out service. The
Company also believes it is important to its business to maintain a bright,
clean store and to offer quality products for sale.

     Service Marks
     -------------

     The name "Casey's General Store" and the service mark consisting of the
Casey's design logo (with the words "Casey's General Store") are registered
service marks of Casey's under federal law. Management believes that these
service marks are of material importance in promoting and advertising the
Company's business.

     Government Regulation
     ---------------------

     The United States Environmental Protection Agency and several states,
including Iowa, have established requirements for owners and operators of
underground gasoline storage tanks ("USTs") with regard to (i) maintenance of
leak detection, corrosion protection and overfill/spill protection systems, (ii)
upgrade of existing tanks, (iii) actions required in the event of a detected
leak, (iv) prevention of leakage through tank closings and (v) required gasoline
inventory recordkeeping. Since 1984, new Company Stores have been equipped with
non-corroding fiberglass USTs, including some with double-wall construction,
over-fill protection and electronic tank monitoring, and the Company has an
active inspection and renovation program with respect to its older USTs. The
Company currently has 2,632 USTs of which 2,277 are fiberglass and 355 are
steel. Management of the Company currently believes that substantially all
capital expenditures for electronic monitoring, cathodic protection and
overfill/spill protection to comply with the existing UST regulations has been
completed. Additional regulations, or amendments to the existing UST
regulations, could result in future expenditures.

     Several of the states in which the Company does business have trust fund
programs with provisions for sharing or reimbursing corrective action or
remediation costs incurred by UST owners, including the Company. In each of the
years ended April 30, 2003 and 2002, the Company spent approximately $1,138,000
and $757,000, respectively, for

                                      -16-

<PAGE>

assessments and remediation. Substantially all of these expenditures have been
submitted for reimbursement from state-sponsored trust fund programs, and, as of
June 30, 2003, approximately $6,600,000 has been received from such programs.
Such amounts are typically subject to statutory provisions requiring repayment
of the reimbursed funds for noncompliance with upgrade provisions or other
applicable laws. The Company has an accrued liability at April 30, 2003, of
approximately $200,000 for estimated expenses related to anticipated corrective
actions or remediation efforts, including relevant legal and consulting costs.
Management believes the Company has no material joint and several environmental
liability with other parties.

     The Federal Trade Commission and some states, including Iowa, have adopted
laws regulating franchise operations. Existing laws generally require certain
disclosures and/or registration in connection with the sale of the franchises,
and regulate certain aspects of the relationship with franchisees, such as
rights of termination, renewal and transfer. Management does not believe that
the existing state registration and disclosure requirements, the federal
disclosure requirements, or the state laws regulating the contractual
relationship with franchisees have a material effect on the Company's
operations.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company owns and has consolidated its Corporate Headquarters and
Distribution Center operations on a 36-acre site in Ankeny, Iowa. This facility
consists of approximately 255,000 square feet, including a central Corporate
Headquarters office building, Distribution Center and vehicle
service/maintenance center. The facility was completed in February 1990 and
placed in full service at that time.

     On April 30, 2003, Casey's owned the land at 1,229 locations and the
buildings at 1,243 locations, and leased the land at 61 locations and the
buildings at 47 locations. Most of the leases provide for the payment of a fixed
rent, plus property taxes and insurance and maintenance costs. Generally, the
leases are for terms of 10 to 20 years, with options to renew for additional
periods or options to purchase the leased premises at the end of the lease
period.

                                      -17-

<PAGE>

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Company from time to time is a party to legal proceedings, claims and
demands arising from the conduct of its business operations, including those
relating to personal injury, property damage and employment or personnel
matters, environmental remediation or contamination, disputes under franchise
agreements and claims by state and federal regulatory authorities relating to
the sale of products pursuant to state or federal licenses or permits.
Management does not believe that the potential liability of the Company with
respect to such proceedings pending as of the date of this Form 10-K is material
in the aggregate.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     Not applicable.

                                      -18-

<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The information required in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
reference from the section entitled "INVESTOR INFORMATION - Common Stock Market
Prices" set forth on page 36 of the Company's Annual Report to shareholders for
the year ended April 30, 2003.

     The cash dividends declared by the Company during the periods indicated
have been as follows:

                                            Cash Dividend
                                              Declared
                                            -------------

Calendar 2001
-------------
   First Quarter                            $        .020
   Second Quarter                                    .020
   Third Quarter                                     .020
   Fourth Quarter                                    .020
                                            -------------
                                            $        .080

Calendar 2002
-------------
   First Quarter                            $        .020
   Second Quarter                                    .025
   Third Quarter                                     .025
   Fourth Quarter                                    .025
                                            -------------
                                            $         .10

Calendar 2003
-------------
   First Quarter                            $        .025
   Second Quarter                                    .025

                                      -19-

<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The information required in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
reference from the section entitled "FINANCIAL INFORMATION - Selected Financial
Data" set forth on page 18 of the Company's Annual Report to shareholders for
the year ended April 30, 2003.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

     The information required in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
reference from pages 19 through 35 of the Company's Annual Report to
shareholders for the year ended April 30, 2003.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The Company's exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates
primarily to its investment portfolio and long-term debt obligations.

     The Company places its investments with high quality credit issuers and, by
policy, limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. As stated in its
policy, the Company's first priority is to reduce the risk of principal loss.
Consequently, the Company seeks to preserve its invested funds by limiting
default risk, market risk and reinvestment risk. The Company mitigates default
risk by investing in only high quality credit securities that it believes to be
low risk and by positioning its portfolio to respond appropriately to a
significant reduction in a credit rating of any investment issuer or guarantor.
The portfolio includes only marketable securities with active secondary or
resale markets to ensure portfolio liquidity. The Company believes that an
immediate 100 basis point move in interest rates affecting the Company's
floating and fixed rate financial instruments as of April 30, 2003, would have
an immaterial effect on the Company's pretax earnings.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The information required in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
reference from pages 25 through 27 of the Company's Annual Report to
shareholders for the year ended April 30, 2003.

                                      -20-

<PAGE>

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was
carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's
management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures. Based on that evaluation the CEO and CFO have concluded that the
Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or
submits under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and
communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure and are effective to ensure such information is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.

     During the fourth fiscal quarter, there were no changes in the Company's
internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal controls over
financial reporting.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     That portion of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement appearing under
the caption "Election of Directors," to be filed with the Commission pursuant to
Regulation 14A within 120 days after April 30, 2003 and to be used in connection
with the Company's Annual Meeting of shareholders to be held on September 19,
2003, is hereby incorporated by reference.

                                      -21-

<PAGE>

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     That portion of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement appearing under
the caption "Executive Compensation," to be filed with the Commission pursuant
to Regulation 14A within 120 days after April 30, 2003 and to be used in
connection with the Company's Annual Meeting of shareholders to be held on
September 19, 2003, is hereby incorporated by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     That portion of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement appearing under
the captions "Shares Outstanding" and "Voting Procedures," to be filed with the
Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after April 30, 2003 and
to be used in connection with the Company's Annual Meeting of shareholders to be
held on September 19, 2003, is hereby incorporated by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     That portion of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement appearing under
the caption "Other Information Relating to Directors and Executive Officers," to
be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after
April 30, 2003 and to be used in connection with the Company's Annual Meeting of
shareholders to be held on September 19, 2003, is hereby incorporated by
reference.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

     The portion of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the
caption "Independent Auditor Fees" to be filed with the Commission within 120
days after April 30, 2003 and to be used in connection with the Company's Annual
Meeting to be held on September 19, 2003 is hereby incorporated by reference.

                                      -22-

<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a)  Documents Filed

     The documents listed below are filed as a part of this Report on Form
10-K and are incorporated herein by reference:

     (1)  The following consolidated financial statements, shown on pages 25
          through 35 of the Company's Annual Report to shareholders for the
          year ended April 30, 2003:

     Consolidated Balance Sheets, April 30, 2003 and 2002
     Consolidated Statements of Income, Three Years Ended April 30, 2003
     Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, Three Years
      Ended April 30, 2003
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows,
      Three Years Ended April 30, 2003
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
     Independent Auditors' Report

     No schedules are included because the required information is
inapplicable or is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related
notes thereto.

     (2)  The management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements
          required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item
          14(c), consisting of the following:

                                      -23-

<PAGE>
Exhibit Number    Document
--------------    ----------------------------------------------

10.19             Casey's General Stores, Inc.
                  1991 Incentive Stock Option
                  Plan (j) and amendment
                  thereto (o)

10.21(a)          Amended and Restated
                  Employment Agreement with
                  Donald F. Lamberti (z) and First
                  Amendment thereto (aa)

10.22(a)          Amended and Restated
                  Employment Agreement with
                  Ronald M. Lamb (z) and First
                  Amendment thereto (aa)

10.24(a)          Amended and Restated
                  Employment Agreement with
                  John G. Harmon (z) and First
                  Amendment thereto (ii)

10.30             Non-Qualified Supplemental Executive
                  Retirement Plan (z)

10.31             Non-Qualified Supplemental Executive
                  Retirement Plan Trust Agreement with
                  UMB Bank, n.a. (z)

10.32             Severance Agreement with Douglas K. Shull (bb)

10.33             Casey's General Stores, Inc.
                  2000 Stock Option Plan (ii)

10.34             Casey's General Stores 401(k) Plan

10.35             Trustar Directed Trust Agreement

----------

                                      -24-

<PAGE>

(j)  Incorporated by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-8
     (33-42907) filed September 23, 1991.

(l)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended January 31, 1992.

(o)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended January 31, 1994.

(t)  Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 1994.

(v)  Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 1995.

(w)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended January 31, 1997.

(z)  Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     November 10, 1997.

(aa) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April
     12, 1998.

(bb) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed July
     28, 1998.

(ii) Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K405 for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 2001.

     (b)  Reports on Form 8-K
          -------------------

          None.

                                      -25-

<PAGE>

(c)  Exhibits
     --------

Exhibit
Number    Document
-------   ----------------------------------------------------------------------

3.1(a)    Restatement of the Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation (x)
3.2(a)    Restatement of Amended and Restated By-Laws (w) and Amendments thereto
          (dd), (hh)
4.2       Rights Agreement between Casey's General Stores, Inc. and UMB Bank,
          n.a., as Rights Agent, relating to Common Share Purchase Rights (e)
          and amendments thereto (i), (p), (q), (cc), (ee)
4.3       Note Agreement dated as of February 1, 1993 between Casey's General
          Stores, Inc. and Principal Mutual Life Insurance Company and Nippon
          Life Insurance Company of America (n) and First Amendment thereto (u)
4.4       Note Agreement dated as of December 1, 1995 between Casey's General
          Stores, Inc. and Principal Mutual Life Insurance Company (u)
4.5       Note Agreement dated as of December 1, 1997 among the Company and
          Principal Mutual Life Insurance Company, Nippon Life Insurance Company
          of America and TMG Life Insurance Company (y)
4.6       Note Agreement dated as of April 15, 1999 among the Company and
          Principal Life Insurance Company and other purchasers of $50,000,000
          Senior Notes, Series A through Series F (cc)
4.7       Note Purchase Agreement dated as of May 1, 2000 among the Company and
          the purchasers of $80,000,000 in principal amount of 7.89% Senior
          Notes, Series 2000-A, due May 15, 2010 (ff)
9         Voting Trust Agreement (a) and Amendment thereto (d)
10.6      Lease Agreement between Casey's General Stores, Inc. and Broadway
          Distributing Company (a)
10.8      Form of Franchise Agreement (a)
10.9      Form of Store Lease Agreement (a)
10.10     Form of Equipment Lease Agreement (a)
10.16     Secured Promissory Note dated November 30, 1989 given to Principal
          Mutual Life Insurance Company (f)
10.18     Commercial Note with Norwest Bank Iowa, N.A.(k)
10.19     Casey's General Stores, Inc. 1991 Incentive Stock Option Plan (j) and
          amendment thereto (o)
10.21(a)  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Donald F. Lamberti (z)
          and First Amendment thereto (aa)

                                      -26-

<PAGE>

10.22(a)  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Ronald M. Lamb (z) and
          First Amendment thereto (aa) 10.24(a) Amended and Restated Employment
          Agreement with John G. Harmon (z) and First Amendment thereto (ii)
10.27     Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan (s)
10.28     Term Note and Master Note with UMB Bank, n.a. (dd)
10.29     Form of "change of control" Employment Agreement (w)
10.30     Non-Qualified Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (z)
10.31     Non-Qualified Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Trust Agreement
          with UMB Bank, n.a. (z)
10.32     Severance Agreement with Douglas K. Shull (bb)
10.33     Casey's General Stores, Inc. 2000 Stock Option Plan (ii)
10.34     Casey's General Stores 401(k) Plan
10.35     Trustar Directed Trust Agreement
11        Statement regarding computation of earnings per share (included in
          Exhibit 13)
13        Consolidated Financial Statements from 2003 Annual Report
21        Subsidiaries of Casey's General Stores, Inc. (gg)
23.1      Consent of KPMG LLP
31.1      Certificate of Ronald M. Lamb under Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act
          of 2002
31.2      Certificate of Jamie H. Shaffer under Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley
          Act of 2002
32.1      Certificate of Ronald M. Lamb under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act
          of 2002
32.2      Certificate of Jamie H. Shaffer under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley
          Act of 2002
99.1      Cautionary Statement Relating to Forward-Looking Statements

----------

(a)  Incorporated herein by reference from the Registration Statement on Form
     S-1 (2-82651) filed August 31, 1983.

(b)  Reserved.

(c)  Reserved.

                                      -27-

<PAGE>

(d)  Incorporated herein by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
     the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 1988 (0-12788).

(e)  Incorporated herein by reference from the Registration Statement on Form
     8-A filed June 19, 1989 (0-12788).

(f)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended October 31, 1989.

(g)  Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 1989.

(h)  Reserved.

(i)  Incorporated by reference from the Form 8 (Amendment No. 1 to the
     Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed June 19, 1989) filed September 10,
     1990.

(j)  Incorporated by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-8
     (33-42907) filed September 23, 1991.

(k)  Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 1991.

(l)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended January 31, 1992.

(m)  Reserved.

(n)  Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     February 18, 1993.

(o)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended January 31, 1994.

(p)  Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-A/A (Amendment No. 3 to the
     Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed June 19, 1989) filed March 30,
     1994.

(q)  Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-A12G/A (Amendment No. 2 to the
     Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed June 19, 1989) filed July 29,
     1994.

                                      -28-

<PAGE>

(r)  Reserved.

(s)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended July 31, 1994.

(t)  Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 1994.

(u)  Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January
     11, 1996.

(v)  Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 1995.

(w)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended January 31, 1997.

(x)  Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended October 31, 1996.

(y)  Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January
     7, 1998.

(z)  Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     November 10, 1997.

(aa) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April
     2, 1998.

(bb) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed July
     28, 1998.

(cc) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 10,
     1999.

(dd) Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended July 31, 1997.

                                      -29-

<PAGE>

(ee) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     September 27, 1999.

(ff) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 23,
     2000.

(gg) Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K405 for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 2000.

(hh) Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
     fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2000.

(ii) Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K405 for the
     fiscal year ended April 30, 2001.

                                      -30-

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                          CASEY'S GENERAL STORES, INC.
                                          (Registrant)


Date:  July 28, 2003                      By:        /s/ Ronald M. Lamb
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                      Ronald M. Lamb,
                                                  Chief Executive Officer
                                               (Principal executive officer)


Date:   July 28, 2003                     By:      /s/ Jamie H. Shaffer
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                      Jamie H. Shaffer
                                                  Vice President and Chief
                                                      Financial Officer
                                             (Authorized Officer and Principal
                                                      Financial Officer)

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


Date:  July 28, 2003                      By:       /s/ Ronald M. Lamb
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                     Ronald M. Lamb
                                              Chief Executive Officer, Director

                                      -31-

<PAGE>

Date:  July 28, 2003                      By:       /s/ John G. Harmon
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                      John G. Harmon
                                               Secretary/Treasurer, Director


Date:  July 28, 2003                      By:    /s/ Patricia Clare Sullivan
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                  Patricia Clare Sullivan
                                                         Director


Date:  July 28, 2003                      By:     /s/ Kenneth H. Haynie
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                   Kenneth H. Haynie
                                                        Director


Date:  July 28, 2003                      By:      /s/ John R. Fitzgibbon
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                    John R. Fitzgibbon
                                                         Director


Date:  July 28, 2003                      By:       /s/ Jack P. Taylor
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                      Jack P. Taylor
                                                         Director

                                      -32-

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
                                  -------------

     The following exhibits are filed herewith:

Exhibit No.         Description
-----------         -----------------------------------------------------------

10.34               Casey's General Stores 401(k) Plan

10.35               Trustar Directed Trust Agreement

13                  Consolidated Financial Statements from 2003 Annual Report
                    to shareholders

23.1                Consent of KPMG LLP

31.1                Certification of Ronald M. Lamb under Section 302 of the
                    Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002

31.2                Certification of Jamie H. Shaffer under Section 302 of the
                    Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002

32.1                Certificate of Ronald M. Lamb under Section 906 of
                    Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2                Certificate of Jamie H. Shaffer under Section 906 of
                    Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

99.1                Cautionary Statement Relating to Forward-Looking Statements

                                      -33-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
